<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-K_edgar_data_1024478_0001024478-16-000071_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16835039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246753</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>757668</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6162882</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7226145</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2115333</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>105</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001024478-16-000071.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115130341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001024478-16-000071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROCKWELL AUTOMATION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001024478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				251797617
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12383
		FILM NUMBER:		161998857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 SOUTH 2ND STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-382-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 SOUTH 2ND STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROCKWELL  AUTOMATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROCKWELL INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW ROCKWELL INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961009

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001024478-16-000071.txt : 20161115

10-K
 1
 fy2016form10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ____________ 
  Form 10-K 
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016 
  Commission file number 1-12383 
  Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  +1 (414) 382-2000 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act  : 
                   Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, $1 Par Value 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large Accelerated Filer     
      
    Accelerated Filer     
      
    Non-accelerated Filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes       No     
  The aggregate market value of registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of registrant on   March 31, 2016   was approximately   $14.7 billion  . 
  128,229,158   shares of registrant s Common Stock, par value $1 per share, were outstanding on   October 31, 2016  . 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Certain information contained in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareowners of registrant to be held on   February 7, 2017   is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

Table of Contents  

PART I  

Item 1. Business  
    2 
        
     Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    5 
        
     Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  
    9 
        
     Item 2. Properties  
    9 
        
     Item 3. Legal Proceedings  
    10 
        
     Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Company  
    10 
       PART II  

Item 5. Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    11 
        
     Item 6. Selected Financial Data  
    12 
        
     Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    13 
        
     Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    37 
        
     Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    38 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  
    38 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
    39 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
    40 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
    41 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREOWNERS  EQUITY  
    42 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    43 
        
     Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    80 
        
     Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  
    80 
        
     Item 9B. Other Information  
    80 
       PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    81 
        
     Item 11. Executive Compensation  
    81 
        
     Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    81 
        
     Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    82 
        
     Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
    82 
       PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule  
    83 
       SIGNATURES  

Table of Contents  

PART I 
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Annual Report contains statements (including certain projections and business trends) that are  forward-looking statements  as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as  believe ,  estimate ,  project ,  plan ,  expect ,  anticipate ,  will ,  intend  and other similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to: 
             
    macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions, the availability and cost of capital, commodity prices, the cyclical nature of our customers  capital spending, sovereign debt concerns and currency exchange rates;    
                
    laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting our activities in the countries where we do business;    
                
    the successful development of advanced technologies and demand for and market acceptance of new and existing products;    
                
    the availability, effectiveness and security of our information technology systems; 
                
    competitive products, solutions and services and pricing pressures, and our ability to provide high quality products, solutions and services; 
                
    a disruption of our business due to natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war, strikes, terrorism, social unrest or other causes;    
                
    our ability to manage and mitigate the risk related to security vulnerabilities and breaches of our products, solutions and services;    
                
    intellectual property infringement claims by others and the ability to protect our intellectual property;    
                
    the uncertainty of claims by taxing authorities in the various jurisdictions where we do business; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
                
    our ability to manage costs related to employee retirement and health care benefits;    
                
    the uncertainties of litigation, including liabilities related to the safety and security of the products, solutions and services we sell;    
                
    our ability to manage and mitigate the risks associated with our solutions and services businesses;    
                
    a disruption to our distribution channels;    
                
    the availability and price of components and materials;    
                
    the successful integration and management of acquired businesses;    
                
    the successful execution of our cost productivity initiatives; and 
                
    other risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those detailed from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings.    
     These forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs as of the date of filing this report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. See Item 1A.   Risk Factors   for more information. 
   
  Item 1.      Business 
  General 
  Rockwell Automation, Inc. ("Rockwell Automation" or "the Company"),   a leader in industrial automation and information, makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable  . Our products, solutions and services are designed to meet our customers  needs to reduce total cost of ownership, maximize asset utilization, improve time to market and reduce enterprise business risk. 
  The Company continues the business founded as the Allen-Bradley Company in 1903. The privately-owned Allen-Bradley Company was a leading North American manufacturer of industrial automation equipment when the former Rockwell International Corporation (RIC) purchased it in 1985.  
  The Company was incorporated in Delaware in connection with a tax-free reorganization completed on December 6, 1996, pursuant to which we divested our former aerospace and defense businesses (the A D Business) to The Boeing Company (Boeing). In the reorganization, RIC contributed all of its businesses, other than the A D Business, to the Company and distributed all capital stock of the Company to RIC s shareowners. Boeing then acquired RIC. RIC was incorporated in 1928. 
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

As used herein, the terms  we ,  us ,  our ,  Rockwell Automation  or the  Company  include subsidiaries and predecessors unless the context indicates otherwise. Information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to our continuing businesses unless otherwise indicated. 
  Whenever an Item of this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to information in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on   February 7, 2017   (the Proxy Statement), or to information under specific captions in Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (MD A), or in Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   (the Financial Statements), the information is incorporated in that Item by reference. All date references to years and quarters refer to our fiscal year and quarters unless otherwise stated. 
  Operating Segments 
  We have two operating segments: Architecture   Software and Control Products   Solutions. In   2016  , our total sales were   $5.88 billion  . Our Architecture   Software operating segment recorded sales of   $2.64 billion   (  45 percent   of our total sales) in   2016  . Our Control Products   Solutions operating segment recorded sales of   $3.24 billion   (  55 percent   of our total sales) in   2016  . 
  Our Architecture   Software operating segment is headquartered in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, and our Control Products   Solutions operating segment is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Both operating segments share a common sales organization and supply chain and conduct business globally. Major markets served by both segments consist of consumer industries, including food and beverage, home and personal care and life sciences; transportation, including automotive and tire; and heavy industries, including oil and gas, mining and metals. 
  Additional information with respect to our operating segments, including a description of our operating segments and their contributions to sales and operating earnings for each of the three years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is contained in Note 15 in the Financial Statements and under the caption   Results of Operations   in MD A. 
  Geographic Information 
  In   2016  , sales to customers in the United States accounted for   55 percent   of our total sales. Outside the United States, we sell in every region. The largest sales outside the United States on a country-of-destination basis are in China, Canada, Mexico, Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany and Brazil. See Item 1A.   Risk Factors   for a discussion of risks associated with our operations outside the United States. Sales and property information by major geographic area for each of the past three years is contained in Note 15 in the Financial Statements. 
  Competition 
  Our competitors range from large diversified corporations that also have business interests outside of industrial automation to smaller companies that specialize in niche industrial automation products, solutions and services. Factors that influence our competitive position include the breadth of our product portfolio and scope of solutions, technology differentiation, domain expertise, installed base, distribution network, quality of products, solutions and services, global presence and price. Major competitors of both segments include Siemens AG, ABB Ltd, Schneider Electric SA, Emerson Electric Co., Mitsubishi Electric Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. 
  Distribution 
  In most countries, we sell primarily through independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. In other countries, we sell through a combination of our direct sales force and to a lesser extent, through independent distributors. Approximately   70 percent   of our global sales are through independent distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were approximately   10 percent   of our total sales. 
  Research and Development 
  Our research and development spending for the years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $319.3 million  ,   $307.3 million   and   $290.1 million  , respectively. Customer-sponsored research and development was not significant in   2016  ,   2015   or   2014  . 
  Employees 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had   approximately     22,000   employees. Approximately   8,500   were employed in the United States. 
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

Raw Materials 
  We purchase a wide range of equipment, components, finished products and materials used in our business. The raw materials essential to the manufacture of our products generally are available at competitive prices. We have a broad base of suppliers and subcontractors. We depend upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. See Item 1A.   Risk Factors   for a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on third party suppliers. 
  Backlog 
  Our total order backlog consists of (in millions): 

Backlog is not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods due to the short-cycle nature of most of our sales activities. Backlog orders scheduled for shipment beyond   2017   were approximately   $199 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Environmental Protection Requirements 
  Information about the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and resolution of environmental claims is contained in Note 14 in the Financial Statements. See Item 1A.   Risk Factors   for a discussion of risks associated with liabilities and costs related to environmental remediation. 
  Patents, Licenses and Trademarks 
  We own or license numerous patents and patent applications related to our products and operations. While in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important in the operation of our business, we do not believe that loss or termination of any one of them would materially affect our business or financial condition. Various claims of patent infringement and requests for patent indemnification have been made to us. We believe that none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  See Item 1A.   Risk Factors   for a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property. 
  The Company s name and its registered trademark  Rockwell Automation         and other trademarks such as  Allen-Bradley        ,  A-B         and  PlantPAx Process Automation System         are important to both of our business segments. In addition, we own other important trademarks that we use, such as  PowerFlex         for our AC drives, and  Rockwell Software         and  FactoryTalk         for our software offerings. 
  Seasonality 
  Our business segments are not subject to significant seasonality. However, the calendarization of our results can vary and may be affected by the seasonal spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules. 
  Available Information 
  We maintain a website at   http://www.rockwellautomation.com  . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), as well as our annual report to shareowners and Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, are available free of charge on this site through the "Investors" link as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports with the SEC. All reports we file with the SEC are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC s website at   http://www.sec.gov  . Our Guidelines on Corporate Governance and charters for our Board committees are also available on our website. The information contained on and linked from our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Item 1A.       Risk Factors 
  In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and financial risks. These risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process seeks to identify and address significant risks. Our ERM process uses the integrated risk framework in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) to assess, manage and monitor risks. We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of the pursuit of our growth and performance strategy. Our goal is to manage risks prudently rather than avoiding risks. We can mitigate risks and their impact on the Company only to a limited extent. 
  A team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of the ERM process and reviews significant identified risks. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage them. Our other Board committees also play a role in risk management, as set forth in their respective charters. 
  Our goal is to proactively manage risks in a structured approach in conjunction with strategic planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. However, the risks set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results and could adversely affect us. 
  Adverse changes in business or industry conditions and volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in decreases in our sales and profitability. 
  We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced orders, payment delays or defaults, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers. 
  Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the financial performance of major industries that we serve. As economic activity slows, credit markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns linger, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our products. 
  Our ability to access the credit markets and the costs of borrowing are affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. If our access to credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may be reduced. 
  We sell to customers around the world and are subject to the risks of doing business in many countries. 
  We do business in more than   80   countries around the world. Approximately   45 percent   of our sales in   2016   were to customers outside the U.S. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located in many places around the world. The future success of our business depends in large part on growth in our sales in non-U.S. markets. Our global operations are subject to numerous financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability; prevalence of corruption in certain countries; enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights and compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs, investments, taxation, trade controls, product content and performance, employment and repatriation of earnings. In addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. 
  New legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business. 
  Legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the various countries and other jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in these countries or may otherwise increase our costs to do business.  For example, we are increasingly required to comply with various environmental and other material, product, certification and labeling laws and regulations. Our customers may also be required to comply with such legislative and regulatory requirements. These requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse effect on our ability to ship our products into certain jurisdictions. Changes in these requirements could impact demand for our products, solutions and services. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products. 
  Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new products requires high levels of innovation, and the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline. 
  Failures or security breaches of our products or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business. 
  We rely heavily on information technology (IT) both in our products, solutions and services for customers and in our enterprise IT infrastructure in order to achieve our business objectives. Government agencies and security experts have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders and other actors targeting every type of IT system including industrial control systems such as those we sell and service and corporate enterprise IT systems. These actors may engage in fraud, theft of confidential or proprietary information and sabotage. 
  Our products, solutions and services are used by our direct and indirect customers in applications that may be subject to information theft, tampering or sabotage.  Among other industries, our products, solutions and services are often employed in the control of critical infrastructure.  Careless or malicious actors could cause a customer s process to be disrupted or could cause equipment to operate in an improper manner that could result in harm to people or property. While we continue to improve the security attributes of our products, solutions and services, we can reduce risk, not eliminate it.  To a significant extent, the security of our customers  systems depends on how those systems are protected, configured, updated and monitored, all of which are typically outside our control. 
  Our business uses development, engineering, manufacturing, sales, accounting, support and IT resources on a dispersed, global basis.  Our vendors, partners, employees and customers have access to, and share, information across multiple locations via various digital technologies.  In addition, we rely on partners and vendors for a wide range of outsourced activities.  Secure connectivity is important to these ongoing operations.  Also, our partners and vendors frequently have access to our confidential information as well as confidential information about our customers, employees and others.  
  Our information security efforts, under the leadership of our Chief Information Security Officer, with the support of the entire management team, include major programs designed to address security governance, identification of critical assets, protection of critical assets, the human element/insider risk, third-party relationships and cyber defense operations. We believe these measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of an information security incident. 
  Any significant security incidents could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns. 
  There are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses. 
  Risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully delivering projects that meet a particular customer specification, including defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects and managing the performance and quality of our subcontractors and suppliers. If we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur cost overruns, liabilities and other losses that would adversely affect     our results of operations. 
  Our industry is highly competitive. 
  We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. We compete based on breadth and scope of our product portfolio and solution and service offerings, technology differentiation, the domain expertise of our employees and partners, product performance, quality of our products, solutions and services, knowledge of integrated systems and applications that address our customers  business challenges, pricing, delivery and customer service. The relative importance of these factors differs across the markets and product areas that we serve. We seek to maintain acceptable pricing levels by continually developing advanced technologies for new products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our customers  business problems. In addition, we continue to drive productivity to reduce our cost structure. If we fail to achieve our objectives, to keep pace with technological changes or to provide high quality products, solutions and services, we may lose business or experience price erosion and correspondingly lower sales and margins. We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

We face the potential harms of natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts or other disruptions to our operations. 
  Our business depends on the movement of people and goods around the world.  Natural disasters, pandemics, acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political instability and the actions taken by governments could cause damage to or disrupt our business operations, our suppliers or our customers, and could create economic instability. Although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products. 
  Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our customers. 
  Others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. We frequently provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third parties. Indemnification payments and legal expenses to defend claims could be costly. 
  In addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. The inability to enforce our intellectual property rights may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be significant. 
  Claims from taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on our income tax expense and financial position. 
  We conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret and comply with the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. Due to the ambiguity of tax laws among those jurisdictions as well as the uncertainty of how underlying facts may be construed, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. We must successfully defend any claims from taxing authorities to avoid an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position. 
  Our business success depends on attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. 
  Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and performance. Difficulty attracting and retaining members of our management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
  Increasing employee benefit costs could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
  One important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is continuing to offer competitive employee retirement and health care benefits. The expenses we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit pension plans depend on factors such as changes in market interest rates, the value of plan assets, mortality assumptions and health care trend rates.  Significant unfavorable changes in these factors would increase our expenses.  Expenses related to employer-funded health care benefits depend on health care cost inflation.  An inability to control costs related to employee and retiree benefits could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
  Potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental remediation) could reduce our profitability. 
  Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to the safety and security of the products, solutions and services we sell, employment, contract matters and environmental remediation. 
  We have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. Our products may also be used in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims. The uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance coverage make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Our operations are subject to various environmental regulations that are concerned with human health, the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground and waters, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. Our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and properties owned by unrelated companies or individuals, as well as properties that we currently own and use, regardless of whether the contamination is attributable to prior owners. We have been named as a potentially responsible party at cleanup sites and may be so named in the future, and the costs associated with these current and future sites may be significant. 
  We have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. In connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. In some instances, the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible for satisfying those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so. 
  A disruption to our distribution channel could reduce our sales. 
  In the United States and Canada, approximately   90 percent   of our sales are through distributors. In certain other countries, the majority of our sales are also through a limited number of distributors. While we maintain the right to appoint new distributors, any unplanned disruption to our existing distribution channel could adversely affect our sales. A disruption could result from the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability of a distributor or other events. 
  We rely on suppliers to provide equipment, components and services. 
  Our business requires that we buy equipment, components and services including finished products, electronic components and commodities such as copper, aluminum and steel. Our reliance on suppliers involves certain risks, including: 
             
    poor quality or an insecure supply chain, which could adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products; 
                
    changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rates, commodity market volatility or other factors; 
                
    intellectual property risks such as ownership of rights or alleged infringement by suppliers; 
                
    information security risks associated with providing confidential information to suppliers; and 
                
    shortages of components, commodities or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and ability to make timely delivery. 
     Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete. We also maintain several single-source supplier relationships, because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity or price considerations. Unavailability or delivery delays of single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related products in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where substitute sources of supply are available, qualifying the alternate suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or could result in delays and a loss of sales. 
  Risks associated with acquisitions could have an adverse effect on us. 
  We have acquired, and will continue to acquire, businesses in an effort to enhance shareowner value. Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    difficulties in integrating the acquired business, retaining the acquired business  customers and achieving the expected benefits of the acquisition, such as sales increases, access to technologies, cost savings and increases in geographic or product presence, in the desired time frames; 
                
    loss of key employees of the acquired business; 
                
    legal and compliance issues; 
                
    difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and 
                
    diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. 
     Future acquisitions could result in debt, dilution, liabilities, increased interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments 
  None. 

Item 2.      Properties 
  We operate manufacturing facilities in the United States and multiple other countries. Manufacturing space occupied approximately 3.4 million square feet, of which 38 percent was in the United States and Canada. Our global headquarters are located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in a facility that we own. We lease the remaining facilities noted below. Most of our facilities are shared by operations in both segments and may be used for multiple purposes such as administrative, manufacturing, warehousing and / or distribution. 
  The following table sets forth information regarding our headquarter locations as of   September 30, 2016  . 

There are no major encumbrances (other than financing arrangements, which in the aggregate are not significant) on any of our plants or equipment. In our opinion, our properties have been well maintained, are in sound operating condition and contain all equipment and facilities necessary to operate at present levels. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.      Legal Proceedings 
  The information required by this Item is contained in Note 14 in the Financial Statements within the section entitled   Other Matters  . 

Item 4A.      Executive Officers of the Company 
  The name, age, office and position held with the Company and principal occupations and employment during the past five years of each of the executive officers of the Company as of October 31,   2016   are: 

Name, Office and Position, and Principal Occupations and Employment 
    Age 

Blake D. Moret     President and Chief Executive Officer since July 1, 2016; Senior Vice President previously 
    53 
      
      Kenneth M. Champa     Senior Vice President since July 1, 2016; previously Vice President, Finance, Control Products and Solutions and (from March 2015) Operations and Engineering Services  
    62 
      
      Sujeet Chand     Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
    58 
      
      Theodore D. Crandall     Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
    61 
      
      David M. Dorgan     Vice President and Controller 
    52 
      
      Steven W. Etzel     Vice President and Treasurer 
    56 
      
      Douglas M. Hagerman     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
    55 
      
      Frank C. Kulaszewicz     Senior Vice President 
    52 
      
      John P. McDermott     Senior Vice President 
    58 
      
      John M. Miller     Vice President and Chief Intellectual Property Counsel 
    49 
      
      Robert B. Murphy     Senior Vice President, Operations and Engineering Services since May 2, 2016; Vice President, Manufacturing Operations previously 
    57 
      
      Susan J. Schmitt     Senior Vice President, Human Resources  
    53 

There are no family relationships, as defined by applicable SEC rules, between any of the above executive officers and any other executive officer or director of the Company. No officer of the Company was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the officer and any person other than the Company. All executive officers are elected annually. 

10 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

Item 5.      Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol  ROK.  On October 31,   2016  , there were   18,205   shareowners of record of our common stock. 
  The following table sets forth the high and low sales price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions reporting system during each quarter of our fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

We declare and pay dividends at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. During   2016   we declared and paid aggregate cash dividends of   $2.90   per common share. During the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , we increased our quarterly dividend per common share   12 percent   to   72.5 cents   per common share effective with the dividend payable in December   2015   (  $2.90   per common share annually). During   2015   we declared and paid aggregate cash dividends of   $2.60   per common share. 
  The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of us of shares of our common stock during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    All of the shares purchased during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   were acquired pursuant to the repurchase programs described in (3) below, except for   2,436   shares that were acquired in   August   in connection with stock swap exercises of employee stock options. 
              (2) 
    Average price paid per share includes brokerage commissions. 
              (3) 
    On June 4, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized us to expend $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock.  On April 6, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized us to expend an additional $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock. Our repurchase programs allow us to repurchase shares at management's discretion or at our broker s discretion pursuant to a share repurchase plan subject to price and volume parameters. 

11 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.      Selected Financial Data 
  The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial data of our continuing operations. The data should be read in conjunction with MD A and the Financial Statements. The selected financial data below has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. 

12 

Table of Contents  

Item 7.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Results of Operations 
  Non-GAAP Measures 
  The following discussion includes organic sales, total segment operating earnings and margin, Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Effective Tax Rate and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures. See   Supplemental Sales Information   for a reconciliation of reported sales to organic sales and a discussion of why we believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors. See   Results of Operations   for a reconciliation of income before income taxes to total segment operating earnings and margin and a discussion of why we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors. See   Results of Operations   for a reconciliation of income from continuing operations, diluted EPS from continuing operations and effective tax rate to Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, respectively, and a discussion of why we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors. See   Financial Condition   for a reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and a discussion of why we believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors. 
  Overview 
  Rockwell Automation, Inc.,   a leader in industrial automation and information, makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable  . Overall demand for our products, solutions and services is driven by:    
             
    investments in manufacturing, including upgrades, modifications and expansions of existing facilities or production lines and new facilities or production lines; 
                
    investments in basic materials production capacity, which may be related to commodity pricing levels; 
                
    our customers  needs for faster time to market, lower total cost of ownership, improved asset utilization and optimization, and enterprise risk management; 
                
    our customers  needs to continuously improve quality, safety and sustainability; 
                
    industry factors that include our customers  new product introductions, demand for our customers  products or services and the regulatory and competitive environments in which our customers operate; 
                
    levels of global industrial production and capacity utilization; 
                
    regional factors that include local political, social, regulatory and economic circumstances; and 
                
    the spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules. 
     Long-term Strategy 
  Our vision of being the most valued global provider of innovative industrial automation and information products, solutions and services is supported by our growth and performance strategy, which seeks to: 
             
    achieve organic sales growth in excess of the automation market by expanding our served market and strengthening our competitive differentiation; 
                
    diversify our sales streams by broadening our portfolio of products, solutions and services, expanding our global presence and serving a wider range of industries and applications; 
                
    grow market share by gaining new customers and by capturing a larger share of existing customers  spending; 
                
    enhance our market access by building our channel capability and partner network; 
                
    acquire companies that serve as catalysts to organic growth by adding complementary technology, expanding our served market, or enhancing our domain expertise or market access; 
                
    deploy human and financial resources to strengthen our technology leadership and our intellectual capital business model; 
                
    continuously improve quality and customer experience; and 
                
    drive annual cost productivity. 
     By implementing the above strategy, we seek to achieve our long-term financial goals, including above-market organic sales growth, EPS growth above sales growth, return on invested capital in excess of 20 percent and free cash flow equal to about 100 percent of Adjusted Income. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Our customers face the challenge of remaining globally cost competitive and automation can help them achieve their productivity and sustainability objectives. Our value proposition is to help our customers reduce time to market, lower total cost of ownership, improve asset utilization and manage enterprise risks. 
  Differentiation through Technology Innovation and Domain Expertise 
  We seek a technology leadership position in industrial automation. We believe that our three platforms - integrated architecture, intelligent motor control and solutions and services - provide the foundation for a long-term sustainable competitive advantage. 
  Our integrated control and information architecture, with Logix at its core, is an important differentiator. We are the only automation provider that can support discrete, process, batch, safety, motion and power control on the same hardware platform with the same software programming environment.  Our integrated architecture is scalable with standard open communications protocols making it easier for customers to implement it more cost effectively. 
  Intelligent motor control is one of our core competencies and an important aspect of an automation system. These products and solutions enhance the availability, efficiency and safe operation of our customers' critical and most energy-intensive plant assets.  Our intelligent motor control offering can be integrated seamlessly with the Logix architecture.  
  Domain expertise refers to the industry and application knowledge required to deliver solutions and services that support customers through the entire life cycle of their automation investment.  The combination of industry-specific domain expertise of our people with our innovative technologies enables us to help our customers solve their manufacturing and business challenges.  
  Global Expansion 
  As the manufacturing world continues to expand, we must be able to meet our customers  needs around the world. Approximately   60 percent   of our employees and   45 percent   of our sales are outside the U.S. We continue to expand our footprint in emerging markets. 
  As we expand in markets with considerable growth potential and shift our global footprint, we expect to continue to broaden the portfolio of products, solutions and services that we provide to our customers in these regions. We have made significant investments to globalize our manufacturing, product development and customer-facing resources in order to be closer to our customers throughout the world. The emerging markets of Asia Pacific, including China and India, Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe and Africa are projected to be the fastest growing over the long term, due to higher levels of infrastructure investment and the growing middle-class population. We believe that increased demand for consumer products in these markets will lead to manufacturing investment and provide us with additional growth opportunities in the future. 
  Enhanced Market Access 
  Over the past decade, our investments in technology and globalization have enabled us to expand our addressed market to over $90 billion.  Our process initiative has been the most important contributor to this expansion and remains our largest growth opportunity.  Logix is the technology foundation that enabled us to become an industry leader for process applications.  We complement that with a growing global network of engineers and partners to provide solutions to process customers. 
  OEMs represent another area of addressed market expansion and an important growth opportunity.  To remain competitive, OEMs need to find the optimal balance of machine cost and performance while reducing their time to market. Our scalable integrated architecture and intelligent motor control offerings, along with design productivity tools and our motion and safety products, can assist OEMs in addressing these business needs. 
  We have developed a powerful network of channel partners, technology partners and commercial partners that act as amplifiers to our internal capabilities and enable us to serve our customers  needs around the world. 
  Broad Range of Industries Served 
  We apply our knowledge of manufacturing applications to help customers solve their business challenges. We serve customers in a wide range of industries, including consumer products, resource-based and transportation. 
  Our consumer products customers are engaged in the food and beverage, home and personal care and life sciences industries. These customers  needs include new capacity, incremental capacity from existing facilities, flexible manufacturing and regulatory compliance. These customers operate in an environment where product innovation and time to market are critical factors. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

We serve customers in resource-based industries, including oil and gas, mining, aggregates, cement, metals, energy, pulp and paper and water/wastewater. Companies in these industries typically invest in capacity expansion when commodity prices are relatively high and global demand for basic materials is increasing. In addition, there is ongoing investment in upgrades of aging automation systems and productivity. 
  In the transportation industry, factors such as geographic expansion, investment in new model introductions and more flexible manufacturing technologies influence customers  automation investment decisions. Our sales in transportation are primarily to automotive and tire manufacturers. 
  All of these industries also generate maintenance repair order (MRO) and ongoing services revenue related to the installed base. 
  Outsourcing and Sustainability Trends 
  Demand for our products, solutions and services across all industries benefits from the outsourcing and sustainability needs of our customers. Customers increasingly desire to outsource engineering services to achieve a more flexible cost base. Our manufacturing application knowledge enables us to serve these customers globally. 
  We help our customers meet their sustainability needs pertaining to energy efficiency, environmental and safety goals. Customers across all industries are investing in more energy-efficient manufacturing processes and technologies, such as intelligent motor control and energy efficient solutions and services. In addition, environmental and safety objectives often spur customers to invest to ensure compliance and implement sustainable business practices. 
  Acquisitions 
  Our acquisition strategy focuses on products, solutions and services that will be catalytic to the organic growth of our core offerings.   
  In September 2016, we acquired Maverick Technologies, a leading systems integrator. This acquisition significantly enhances our expertise in key process and batch applications that help our customers realize greater productivity and improved global competitiveness through process control and information management solutions. 
  In September 2016, we acquired Automation Control Products, a premier provider in centralized thin client, remote desktop and server management software. This acquisition strengthens our ability to provide our customers with visual display and software solutions to manage information and streamline workflows for a more connected manufacturing environment. 
  In March 2016, we acquired MagneMotion Inc., a leading manufacturer of intelligent conveying systems. This acquisition continues our strategy to build a portfolio of smart manufacturing technologies by expanding our existing capabilities in independent cart technology. 
  In October 2014, we acquired the assets of ESC Services, Inc., a global provider of lockout-tagout services and solutions. This acquisition enables our customers to increase their asset utilization and strengthen their enterprise risk management. 
  In January 2014, we acquired Jacobs Automation, a pioneer in intelligent track motion control technology. This technology improves performance across a wide range of packaging, material handling, and other applications for global machine builders. 
  In November 2013, we acquired vMonitor LLC and its affiliates, a global technology leader for wireless solutions in the oil and gas industry. This acquisition strengthens our ability to deliver end-to-end projects for the oil and gas sector and accelerates our development of similar process solutions and remote monitoring services for other industries globally.  
  We believe these acquisitions will help us expand our served market and deliver value to our customers. 
  Continuous Improvement 
  Productivity and continuous improvement are important components of our culture. We have programs in place that drive ongoing process improvement, functional streamlining, material cost savings and manufacturing productivity. Our implementation of common global processes and an enterprise-wide business system is nearly complete. These are intended to improve profitability that can be used to fund investments in growth and to offset inflation. Our ongoing productivity initiatives target both cost reduction and improved asset utilization. Charges for workforce reductions and facility rationalization may be required in order to effectively execute our productivity programs. 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

U. S. Industrial Economic Trends 
  In   2016  , sales in the U.S. accounted for   55 percent   of our total sales. The various indicators we use to gauge the direction and momentum of our served U.S. markets include: 
             
    The Industrial Production (IP) Index, published by the Federal Reserve, which measures the real output of manufacturing, mining, and electric and gas utilities. The IP Index is expressed as a percentage of real output in a base year, currently 2012. Historically there has been a meaningful correlation between the changes in the IP Index and the level of automation investment made by our U.S. customers in their manufacturing base. 
                
    The Manufacturing Purchasing Managers  Index (PMI), published by the Institute for Supply Management (ISM), which indicates the current and near-term state of manufacturing activity in the U.S. According to the ISM, a PMI measure above 50 indicates that the U.S. manufacturing economy is generally expanding while a measure below 50 indicates that it is generally contracting. 
                
    Industrial Equipment Spending, compiled by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, which provides insight into spending trends in the broad U.S. industrial economy. This measure over the longer term has proven to demonstrate a reasonable correlation with our domestic growth. 
                
    Capacity Utilization (Total Industry), published by the Federal Reserve, which measures plant operating activity. Historically there has been a meaningful correlation between Capacity Utilization and levels of U.S. IP. 
     The table below depicts the trends in these indicators from fiscal   2014   to   2016  . All macroeconomic indicators improved in the most recent quarter except for PMI, indicating a recovery in the industrial economy. Although PMI declined in September, the reading of 51.5 indicates that the manufacturing sector is continuing to expand. 

Note: Economic indicators are subject to revisions by the issuing organizations. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Non-U.S. Economic Trends 
  In   2016  , sales outside the U.S. accounted for   45 percent   of our total sales. These customers include both indigenous companies and multinational companies with expanding global presence. In addition to the global factors previously mentioned in the "Overview" section, international demand, particularly in emerging markets, has historically been driven by the strength of the industrial economy in each region, investments in infrastructure and expanding consumer markets. We use changes in the respective countries' gross domestic product and IP as indicators of the growth opportunities in each region where we do business.  
  Economic projections call for a higher rate of industrial production growth in all regions in 2017 except for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Current economic projections indicate stable conditions in Europe as we proceed into 2017 but with some uncertainty associated with the ultimate resolution of the United Kingdom s decision to exit the European Union. In Asia Pacific, China s economic growth continues to be impacted by elevated debt levels, although industrial output and new orders growth have shown recent improvement; the Indian economy remains one of the fastest growing globally. In Latin America, Brazil remains in recession but with an improved outlook, and Mexico s economy continues to be stable. Canada s outlook has also improved, as investment in resource-based industries may have reached a bottom. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Summary of Results of Operations 
  In   2016  , sales were   $5,879.5 million  , a decrease of   6.8 percent   year over year. Organic sales decreased   3.9 percent  , and currency translation reduced sales by   3.0 percentage points  . Growth in consumer and automotive industries was more than offset by declines in heavy industries, particularly oil and gas and mining. 
  The following is a summary of our results related to key growth initiatives: 
             
    Sales related to our process initiative decreased 19 percent in   2016   compared to   2015  . Excluding the impact of currency translation, process initiative sales decreased 16 percent year over year. 
                
    Logix sales decreased   7 percent   year over year compared to   2015  .  Logix organic sales decreased   4 percent  . 
                
    Sales in emerging markets decreased 8.4 percent in   2016   compared to   2015  .  Organic sales in emerging countries increased 1.2 percent year over year, and currency translation reduced sales in emerging countries by 9.7 percentage points. 
     During   2016   we were able to hold pre-tax margin above 16 percent and segment operating margin above 20 percent despite difficult market conditions and lower reported sales. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reflects our sales and operating results for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in millions, except per share amounts): 

(1) 
    See Note 15 in the Financial Statements for the definition of segment operating earnings. 
              (2) 
    Total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin are non-GAAP financial measures. We exclude purchase accounting depreciation and amortization, general corporate   net, non-operating pension costs, interest expense and income tax provision because we do not consider these costs to be directly related to the operating performance of our segments. We believe that these measures are useful to investors as measures of operating performance. We use these measures to monitor and evaluate the profitability of our operating segments. Our measures of total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin may be different from measures used by other companies. 
              (3) 
    Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP earnings measure that excludes the non-operating pension costs and their related income tax effects.  See   Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation   for more information on this non-GAAP measure. 
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Purchase accounting depreciation and amortization and non-operating pension costs are not allocated to our operating segments because these costs are excluded from our measurement of each segment's operating performance for internal purposes.  If we were to allocate these costs, we would attribute them to each of our segments as follows (in millions): 

The increases in non-operating pension costs in both segments in fiscal   2016   were primarily due to our adoption of the new mortality table (RP-2014) and mortality improvement scale (MP-2014) used to measure net periodic pension cost for our U.S. pension plans. 
  Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
    
  Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate are non-GAAP earnings measures that exclude non-operating pension costs and their related income tax effects. Non-operating pension costs include defined benefit plan interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains and losses and the impact of any plan curtailments or settlements.  These components of net periodic pension cost primarily relate to changes in pension assets and liabilities that are a result of market performance; we consider these costs to be unrelated to the operating performance of our business.  We believe that Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate provide useful information to our investors about our operating performance and allow management and investors to compare our operating performance period over period.  Adjusted EPS is also used as a financial measure of performance for our annual incentive compensation. Our measures of Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate may be different from measures used by other companies.  These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for income from continuing operations, diluted EPS and effective tax rate. 
       
  The following are the components of operating and non-operating pension costs for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in millions):   

20 

     Table of Contents  

The following are reconciliations of income from continuing operations, diluted EPS from continuing operations and effective tax rate to Adjusted Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, respectively, for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages): 

21 

     Table of Contents  

2016   Compared to   2015    

Sales 
  Sales in fiscal   2016   decreased   6.8 percent   compared to   2015  . Organic sales decreased   3.9 percent  , and currency translation reduced sales by   3.0 percentage points  . Pricing contributed less than one percentage point to growth. 
  The table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended   September 30, 2016   and the percentage change from the same period a year ago (in millions, except percentages): 

(1) 
    Organic sales are sales excluding the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and acquisitions. See   Supplemental Sales Information   for information on this non-GAAP measure. 

Sales in the United States declined year over year, mainly due to weakness in heavy industries, particularly oil and gas. 

Sales in Canada decreased due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation as well as declines in heavy industries, particularly oil and gas. 

EMEA sales decreased due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation. Organic sales increased in both mature Europe and emerging countries. 

Asia Pacific sales declined due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation as well as a decrease in organic sales in China. 

Latin America sales decreased due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation. Organic sales growth in the region was led by Mexico. 
     General Corporate - Net  
  General corporate - net expenses were   $79.7 million   in fiscal   2016   compared to   $85.6 million   in fiscal   2015  . 
  Income before Income Taxes 
  Income before income taxes   decreased     16 percent   from   $1,127.5 million   in   2015   to   $943.1 million   in   2016  , primarily due to a decrease in segment operating earnings. Total segment operating earnings   decreased     13 percent   year over year from   $1,360.5 million   in   2015   to   $1,188.7 million   in   2016  , primarily due to lower organic sales and unfavorable currency effects. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate in   2016   was   22.6 percent   compared to   26.6 percent   in   2015  .  The Adjusted Effective Tax Rate in   2016   was   23.6 percent   compared to   27.0 percent   in   2015  .  The decreases in the effective tax rate and the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate were primarily due to an incremental benefit from the retroactive and permanent extension of the U.S. federal research and development tax credit (U.S. research tax credit) in the first quarter of 2016, a more favorable geographic mix of our pre-tax income and discrete tax items. 
  See Note 13 in the Financial Statements for a complete reconciliation of the United States statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in   2016   and   2015   affecting each year's respective tax rates. 
  Architecture   Software 

Sales 
  Architecture   Software sales   decreased     4.2 percent   in   2016   compared to   2015  . Organic sales   decreased     1.5 percent  , the effects of currency translation reduced sales by   3.0 percentage points  , and acquisitions contributed   0.3 percentage points   to sales growth.  Pricing contributed approximately one percentage point to growth during the year. All regions experienced a decline in sales during the year except EMEA. Excluding the impact of currency translation, growth in Latin America and EMEA was more than offset by decreases in the remaining regions. Logix sales decreased   7 percent   in   2016   compared to   2015  .  Logix organic sales decreased   4 percent   year over year, and currency translation reduced sales by 3 percentage points. 
  Operating Margin 
  Architecture   Software segment operating earnings   decreased     14 percent  . Operating margin was   26.4 percent   in   2016   compared to   29.4 percent   in   2015  , primarily due to unfavorable mix and currency effects as well as lower organic sales. 
  Control Products   Solutions 

Sales 
  Control Products   Solutions sales   decreased     8.8 percent   in   2016   compared to   2015  .  Organic sales   decreased     5.8 percent  , and currency translation reduced sales by   3.0 percentage points  .  Pricing contributed less than one percentage point to growth during the year.  All regions experienced a year-over-year decrease in sales. Excluding the impact of currency translation, growth in Latin America was more than offset by declines in the remaining regions. 
  Sales in our solutions and services businesses decreased 11 percent year over year. Organic sales in our solutions and services businesses decreased 8 percent during   2016  , and currency translation reduced sales by 3 percentage points. 
  Product sales decreased 5 percent year over year.  Product organic sales decreased 2 percent year over year in   2016  , and currency translation reduced sales by 3 percentage points.  
  Operating Margin 
  Control Products   Solutions segment operating earnings   decreased     11 percent   year over year. Segment operating margin was   15.2 percent   in   2016   compared to   15.5 percent   a year ago, primarily due to lower organic sales, partially offset by productivity. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

2015   Compared to   2014    

Sales 
  Sales in fiscal   2015   decreased   4.8 percent   compared to   2014  . Organic sales increased   1.1 percent  , and currency translation reduced sales by   6.0 percent  . Product sales decreased 3 percent year over year.  Product organic sales increased 3 percent year over year in   2015  , and currency translation reduced sales by 6 percent. Pricing contributed approximately one percentage point to growth. 
  The table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended   September 30, 2015   and the percentage change from the same period a year ago (in millions, except percentages): 

(1) 
    Organic sales are sales excluding the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and acquisitions. See   Supplemental Sales Information   for information on this non-GAAP measure. 

Sales in the United States increased modestly, with strength in the consumer and automotive industries offset by weakness in heavy industries, especially the oil and gas industry. 

Sales in Canada declined due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation as well as declines in resource-based industries, particularly the oil and gas industry. 

EMEA sales decreased due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation. Organic sales growth was led by emerging countries with modest growth in mature Europe. 

Asia Pacific sales declined due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation as well as a decrease in organic sales in China, partially offset by growth in India. 

Latin America sales decreased due to the unfavorable impact of currency translation. Organic sales growth in the region was primarily driven by strong sales growth in Mexico. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

General Corporate - Net  
  General corporate - net expenses were   $85.6 million   in fiscal   2015   compared to   $81.0 million   in fiscal   2014  . 
  Income before Income Taxes 
  Income before income taxes   decreased     1 percent   from   $1,134.2 million   in   2014   to   $1,127.5 million   in   2015  , primarily due to increases in non-operating pension costs, general corporate - net expenses and interest expense, partially offset by an increase in segment operating earnings. Total segment operating earnings   increased     1 percent   year over year, primarily due to strong productivity and higher organic sales, partially offset by unfavorable currency effects and higher spending. 
  Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate for   2015   was   26.6 percent   compared to   27.1 percent   in   2014  .  The Adjusted Effective Tax Rate in   2015   was   27.0 percent   compared to   27.5 percent   in   2014  . The decreases in the effective tax rate and the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate were primarily due to the tax effect of foreign dividends and the retroactive extension of the U.S. research tax credit for calendar year   2014   during the first quarter of fiscal   2015  , partially offset by a difference in the mix of pre-tax income across regions. 
  See Note 13 in the Financial Statements for a complete reconciliation of the United States statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in   2015   and   2014   affecting each year's respective tax rates. 
  Architecture   Software 

Sales 
  Architecture   Software sales   decreased     3.4 percent   in   2015   compared to   2014  . Organic sales   increased     3.1 percent  , and the effects of currency translation reduced sales by   6.6 percent  . Pricing contributed approximately one and a half percentage points to growth during the year. All regions experienced a decline in sales during the year except the United States. Excluding the impact of currency translation, Latin America was the segment's best performing region in   2015  , with all other regions experiencing sales growth except for Asia Pacific. Logix sales decreased 2.5 percent in   2015   compared to   2014   and Logix organic sales increased 4.2 percent year over year. 
  Operating Margin 
  Architecture   Software segment operating earnings decreased 4 percent. Operating margin was   29.4 percent   in   2015   compared to   29.5 percent   in   2014  . The favorable impact of organic sales growth and productivity was more than offset by higher spending and unfavorable currency effects.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Control Products   Solutions 

Sales 
  Control Products   Solutions sales decreased 5.8 percent in   2015   compared to   2014  . Organic sales decreased 0.4 percent, and currency translation reduced sales by 5.6 percent. Pricing contributed slightly less than one percentage point to growth during the year.  All regions experienced a decline in sales except for the United States which was flat year over year. Excluding the impact of currency translation, growth in Latin America was more than offset by declines in Canada with all other regions flat during 2015. 
  Sales in our solutions and services businesses decreased 8 percent year over year. Organic sales in our solutions and services businesses decreased 2 percent during 2015, and the net effect of currency translation and acquisitions reduced sales by 6 percentage points.  
  Operating Margin 
  Control Products   Solutions segment operating earnings increased 8 percent year over year. Segment operating margin was   15.5 percent   in   2015   compared to   13.6 percent   a year ago, primarily due to very strong productivity.  

26 

Table of Contents  

Financial Condition 
  The following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (in millions): 

The following table summarizes free cash flow (in millions), which is a non-GAAP financial measure: 

Our definition of free cash flow takes into consideration capital investments required to maintain our businesses and execute our strategy. Cash provided by continuing operating activities adds back non-cash depreciation expense to earnings but does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Our definition of free cash flow excludes the operating cash flows and capital expenditures related to our discontinued operations. Operating, investing and financing cash flows of our discontinued operations are presented separately in our statement of cash flows. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) require the excess income tax benefit from share-based compensation to be reported as a financing cash flow rather than as an operating cash flow. We have added this benefit back to our calculation of free cash flow in order to generally classify cash flows arising from income taxes as operating cash flows. In our opinion, free cash flow provides useful information to investors regarding our ability to generate cash from business operations that is available for acquisitions and other investments, service of debt principal, dividends and share repurchases. We use free cash flow as one measure to monitor and evaluate our performance, including as a financial measure for our annual incentive compensation. Our definition of free cash flow may differ from definitions used by other companies. 
  Cash provided by operating activities was   $947.3 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1,187.7 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Free cash flow was   $833.7 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1,077.2 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The year-over-year decrease in cash flow provided by operating activities and free cash flow was primarily due to lower pre-tax income and less favorable working capital performance in   2016   compared to   2015  . 
  We repurchased approximately   4.6 million   shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program in   2016   at a total cost of   $500.2 million  . In   2015  , we repurchased approximately   5.4 million   shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program at a total cost of   $606.2 million  . At   September 30, 2016   and   2015   there were   $5.3 million   and   $12.5 million  , respectively, of outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable that did not settle until the next fiscal year.  Our decision to repurchase shares in   2017   will depend on business conditions, free cash flow generation, other cash requirements and stock price. On April 6, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized us to expend an additional $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock.  At   September 30, 2016   we had approximately   $945.0 million   remaining for share repurchases under our existing board authorization. See Part II, Item 5.   Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  , for additional information regarding share repurchases. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

We expect future uses of cash to include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, additional contributions to our retirement plans, acquisitions of businesses, dividends to shareowners, repurchases of common stock and repayments of debt. We expect capital expenditures in   2017   to be about   $150 million  . We expect to fund future uses of cash with a combination of existing cash balances and short-term investments, cash generated by operating activities, commercial paper borrowings or a new issuance of debt or other securities. 
  Given our extensive international operations, significant amounts of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (funds) are held by non-U.S. subsidiaries where our undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested.  Generally, these funds would be subject to U.S. tax if repatriated.  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   95 percent   of our funds were held by these non-U.S. subsidiaries. The percentage of these funds held by non-U.S. subsidiaries can vary from quarter to quarter with an average of approximately   90 percent   over the past eight quarters. We have not encountered and do not expect to encounter any difficulty meeting the liquidity requirements of our domestic and international operations. 
  In addition to cash generated by operating activities, we have access to existing financing sources, including the public debt markets and unsecured credit facilities with various banks. Our short-term debt obligations are primarily comprised of commercial paper borrowings.  Commercial paper borrowings outstanding were   $448.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , with a weighted average interest rate of   0.57 percent   and weighted average maturity period of   35 days  .  There were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2015  .  Our debt-to-total-capital ratio was   49.7 percent   at   September 30, 2016   and   39.9 percent   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our total current borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in March 2020 was   $1.0 billion  . We can increase the aggregate amount of this credit facility by up to   $350.0 million  , subject to the consent of the banks in the credit facility. We have not borrowed against this credit facility during the years ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . Separate short-term unsecured credit facilities of approximately   $121.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   were available to non-U.S. subsidiaries. Borrowings under our non-U.S. credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   were not significant. We were in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . Additional information related to our credit facilities is included in Note 5 in the Financial Statements. 
  Among other uses, we can draw on our credit facility as a standby liquidity facility to repay our outstanding commercial paper as it matures. This access to funds to repay maturing commercial paper is an important factor in maintaining the short-term credit ratings set forth in the table below. Under our current policy with respect to these ratings, we expect to limit our other borrowings under our credit facility, if any, to amounts that would leave enough credit available under the facility so that we could borrow, if needed, to repay all of our then outstanding commercial paper as it matures. 
  The following is a summary of our credit ratings as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Credit Rating Agency 
      
    Short Term Rating 
      
    Long Term Rating 
      
    Outlook 
      Standard   Poor s 
      
    A-1 
      
    A 
      
    Stable 
      Moody s 
      
    P-2 
      
    A3 
      
    Stable 
      Fitch Ratings 
      
    F1 
      
    A 
      
    Stable 

Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related costs of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit ratings and market conditions. We have not experienced any difficulty in accessing the commercial paper market to date. If our access to the commercial paper market is adversely affected due to a change in market conditions or otherwise, we would expect to rely on a combination of available cash and our unsecured committed credit facility to provide short-term funding. In such event, the cost of borrowings under our unsecured committed credit facility could be higher than the cost of commercial paper borrowings. 
  We regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.  We diversify our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Our emphasis is primarily on safety and liquidity of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage certain foreign currency risks. We enter into these contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies forecasted to occur within the next two years. We also use these contracts to hedge portions of our net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar. In addition, we use foreign currency forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedges to offset transaction gains or losses associated with some of our assets and liabilities resulting from intercompany loans or other transactions with third parties that are denominated in currencies other than our entities' functional currencies. Our foreign currency forward exchange contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. We diversify our foreign currency forward exchange contracts among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. 
  From 1975 to 1989, Rockwell International Corporation (RIC) operated the Rocky Flats facility in Colorado for the U.S. Department of Energy (DoE).  In 1990, a class of landowners near Rocky Flats sued RIC and Dow Chemical, another former operator of the facility.  In May 2016, the parties agreed to settle this case and the DoE authorized the settlement.  Under the settlement agreement, which is subject to court approval, we and Dow Chemical will pay   $375.0 million   in the aggregate   to resolve the claims.     We expect to be fully reimbursed by the DoE for our obligation of   $243.75 million     under the settlement, either before or after we pay the amounts due.  We expect to pay up to   $242.5 million   within the next 12 months.   We will promptly pursue reimbursement from the DoE; however, it is uncertain whether the government indemnification and reimbursement process will be completed by the time payment is due.   Given our cash and credit resources, we do not believe that the matter will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Refer to Note 17 in the Financial Statements for further discussion of the Rocky Flats settlement. 
  Cash dividends to shareowners were   $378.2 million   in   2016   (  $2.90   per common share),   $350.1 million   in   2015   (  $2.60   per common share) and   $320.5 million   in   2014   (  $2.32   per common share). Our quarterly dividend rate as of   September 30, 2016   is   $0.725   per common share (  $2.90   per common share annually), which is determined at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 
  A summary of our projected contractual cash obligations at   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in millions): 

(a) 
    The amounts for long-term debt assume that the respective debt instruments will be outstanding until their scheduled maturity dates. The amounts include interest but exclude the amounts to be paid or received under interest rate swap contracts, including the   $19.5 million   fair value adjustment recorded for the interest rate swap contracts at   September 30, 2016   and the unamortized discount of   $45.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 5 in the Financial Statements for more information regarding our long-term debt. 
       
           (b) 
    Our postretirement benefit plans are unfunded and are subject to change. Amounts reported are estimates of future benefit payments, to the extent estimable. 
       
           (c) 
    Amounts reported for pension funding contributions reflect current estimates of known commitments. Contributions to our pension plans beyond   2017   will depend on future investment performance of our pension plan assets, changes in discount rate assumptions and governmental regulations in effect at the time. Amounts subsequent to   2017   are excluded from the summary above, as these amounts cannot be estimated with certainty. The minimum contribution for our U.S. pension plan as required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is currently zero. We may make additional contributions to this plan at the discretion of management. 
     
   29 

     Table of Contents  

(d) 
    This item includes contractual commitments for capital expenditures, certain materials purchases and long-term obligations under agreements with various service providers. 
       
           (e) 
    Other long-term liabilities include environmental remediation costs, conditional asset retirement obligations and indemnification liabilities, net of related receivables. Amounts subsequent to   2017   are excluded from the summary above, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when the liabilities will be paid. 
       
           (f) 
    Amount for unrecognized tax benefits includes accrued interest and penalties. We are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits will be settled or paid. 
       
           (g) 
    Refer to Note 17 in the Financial Statements for discussion of the Rocky Flats settlement. 
     
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Supplemental Sales Information 
  We translate sales of subsidiaries operating outside of the United States using exchange rates effective during the respective period. Therefore, changes in currency exchange rates affect our reported sales. Sales by acquired businesses also affect our reported sales. We believe that organic sales, defined as sales excluding the effects of changes in currency exchange rates and acquisitions, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors because it reflects regional and operating segment performance from the activities of our businesses without the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and acquisitions. We use organic sales as one measure to monitor and evaluate our regional and operating segment performance. We determine the effect of changes in currency exchange rates by translating the respective period s sales using the same currency exchange rates that were in effect during the prior year. When we acquire businesses, we exclude sales in the current period for which there are no comparable sales in the prior period. Organic sales growth is calculated by comparing organic sales to reported sales in the prior year. We attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination. 
  The following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by geographic region to organic sales (in millions): 

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by operating segment to organic sales (in millions): 

32 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  We have prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe the following critical accounting policies could have the most significant effect on our reported results or require subjective or complex judgments by management. 
   
  Retirement Benefits   Pension 
  Pension costs and obligations are actuarially determined and are influenced by assumptions used to estimate these amounts, including the discount rate, the expected rate of return on plan assets, the assumed annual compensation increase rate, the retirement rate, the mortality rate and the employee turnover rate. Changes in any of the assumptions and the amortization of differences between the assumptions and actual experience will affect the amount of pension expense in future periods. 
  Our global pension expense in   2016   was   $161.3 million   compared to   $145.7 million   in   2015  . Approximately   77   percent of our   2016   global pension expense relates to our U.S. pension plan. The actuarial assumptions used to determine our   2016   U.S. pension expense included the following: discount rate of   4.55 percent   (compared to   4.50 percent   for   2015  ); expected rate of return on plan assets of   7.50 percent   (compared to   7.50 percent   for   2015  ); and an assumed long-term compensation increase rate of   3.75 percent   (compared to   3.75 percent   for   2015  ). 
  In   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we were not required to make contributions to satisfy minimum statutory funding requirements in our U.S. pension plans.  
  The table below presents our estimate of net periodic benefit cost in   2017   compared to net periodic benefit cost in   2016   (in millions): 

For   2017   our U.S. discount rate will decrease to   3.75 percent   from   4.55 percent   in   2016  . The discount rate was set as of our September 30 measurement date and was determined by modeling a portfolio of bonds that match the expected cash flow of our benefit plans. For   2017   our U.S. long-term compensation increase rate will decrease to   3.50 percent   from   3.75 percent   in   2016  . We established this rate by analyzing all elements of compensation that are pension-eligible earnings.  
  For   2017   our expected rate of return on U.S. plan assets will remain   7.50 percent  . In estimating the expected return on plan assets, we considered actual returns on plan assets over the long term, adjusted for forward-looking considerations, such as inflation, interest rates, equity performance and the active management of the plan s invested assets. We also considered our current and expected mix of plan assets in setting this assumption. The financial markets produced positive returns in   2016  . The plan s debt securities return was positive and above the expected return range in   2016  , as lower market interest rates resulted in a strong performance from bonds. The plan s equity securities return was above the expected return range in   2016  , as U.S. and international equity returns were positive for the year. The actual return for our portfolio of U.S. plan assets was approximately   7.60 percent   annualized for the 15 years ended   September 30, 2016  , and was approximately   8.30 percent   annualized for the 20 years ended   September 30, 2016  .   
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

The target allocations and ranges of long-term expected return for our major categories of U.S. plan assets are as follows: 

The changes in our discount rate and return on plan assets have an inverse relationship with our net periodic benefit cost. The change in our discount rate also has an inverse relationship with our projected benefit obligation. The change in our compensation increase rate has a direct relationship with our net periodic benefit cost and projected benefit obligation.  
  The following chart illustrates the estimated change in projected benefit obligation and annual net periodic benefit cost assuming a change of 25 basis points in the key assumptions for our U.S. pension plans (in millions): 

(1)  Change includes both operating and non-operating pension costs. 
  More information regarding pension benefits is contained in Note 11 in the Financial Statements. 
   
  Revenue Recognition 
  For approximately   85 percent   of our consolidated sales, we record sales when all of the following have occurred: persuasive evidence of a sales agreement exists; pricing is fixed or determinable; collection is reasonably assured; and products have been delivered and acceptance has occurred, as may be required according to contract terms, or services have been rendered. We recognize substantially all of the remainder of our sales as construction-type contracts using either the percentage-of-completion or completed contract methods of accounting. We record sales relating to these contracts using the percentage-of-completion method when we determine that progress toward completion is reasonably and reliably estimable; we use the completed contract method for all others. More information regarding our revenue recognition policies is contained in Note 1 in the Financial Statements. 
  Returns, Rebates and Incentives 
  Our primary incentive program provides distributors with cash rebates or account credits based on agreed amounts that vary depending on the customer to whom our distributor ultimately sells the product. We also offer various other incentive programs that provide distributors and direct sale customers with cash rebates, account credits or additional products, solutions and services based on meeting specified program criteria. Certain distributors are offered a right to return product, subject to contractual limitations. 
  We record accruals for customer returns, rebates and incentives at the time of revenue recognition based primarily on historical experience. Adjustments to the accrual may be required if actual returns, rebates and incentives differ from historical experience or if there are changes to other assumptions used to estimate the accrual. A critical assumption used in estimating the accrual for our primary distributor rebate program is the time period from when revenue is recognized to when the rebate is processed. If the time period were to change by 10 percent, the effect would be an adjustment to the accrual of approximately   $7.9 million  . 
  Returns, rebates and incentives are recognized as a reduction of sales if distributed in cash or customer account credits. Rebates and incentives are recognized in cost of sales for additional products, solutions and services to be provided. Accruals are reported as a current liability in our balance sheet or, where a right of setoff exists, as a reduction of accounts receivable. The accrual for customer returns, rebates and incentives was   $184.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $181.4 million   at   September 30, 2015  , of which   $7.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $9.2 million   at   September 30, 2015   was included as an offset to accounts receivable. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

Litigation, Claims and Contingencies 
  We record liabilities for litigation, claims and contingencies when an obligation is probable and when we have a basis to reasonably estimate its value.  We also record liabilities for environmental matters based on estimates for known environmental remediation exposures. The liabilities include expenses for sites we currently own or operate or formerly owned or operated and third party sites where we were determined to be a potentially responsible party.  At third-party environmental sites where more than one potentially responsible party has been identified, we record a liability for our estimated allocable share of costs related to our involvement with the site, as well as an estimated allocable share of costs related to the involvement of insolvent or unidentified parties.  If we determine that recovery from insurers or other third parties is probable and a right of setoff exists, we record the liability net of the estimated recovery.  If we determine that recovery from insurers or other third parties is probable, but a right of setoff does not exist, we record a liability for the total estimated costs of remediation and a receivable for the estimated recovery. At environmental sites where we are the only responsible party, we record a liability for the total estimated costs of remediation.  Ongoing operating and maintenance expenditures included in our environmental remediation obligations are discounted to present value over the probable future remediation period.  Our remaining environmental remediation obligations are undiscounted due to subjectivity of timing and/or amount of future cash payments.  Environmental liability estimates may be affected by changing determinations of what constitutes an environmental exposure or an acceptable level of cleanup.  To the extent that the required remediation procedures or timing of those procedures change, additional contamination is identified, or the financial condition of other potentially responsible parties is adversely affected, the estimate of our environmental liabilities may change. 
  Our accrual for environmental matters, including environmental indemnification liabilities, was   $68.7 million  , net of   $22.2 million   of related receivables, and   $61.1 million  , net of   $32.9 million   of related receivables, at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our recorded liability for environmental matters relates almost entirely to businesses formerly owned by us (legacy businesses) for which we retained the responsibility to remediate. The nature of our current business is such that the likelihood of new environmental exposures that could result in a significant charge to earnings is low. As a result of remediation efforts at legacy sites and limited new environmental matters, we expect that gradually, over a long period of time, our environmental obligations will decline. However, changes in required remediation procedures or timing of those procedures at existing legacy sites, or discovery of contamination at additional sites, could result in increases to our environmental obligations. 
  One of our principal self-insurance programs covers product liability where we self-insure up to a specified dollar amount. Claims exceeding this amount up to specified limits are covered by insurance policies issued by commercial insurers. We estimate the reserve for product liability claims using our claims experience for the periods being valued. Adjustments to the product liability reserves may be required to reflect emerging claims experience and other factors such as inflationary trends or the outcome of claims. The reserve for product liability claims, including asbestos costs, was   $20.1 million  , net of   $11.1 million   of related receivables, and   $17.8 million  , net of   $10.4 million   of related receivables, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be instituted or asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business. As described in Note 14 in the Financial Statements within the section entitled   Other Matters  , we have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain components of our products many years ago. See Note 14 in the Financial Statements for further discussion. 
  We accrue for costs related to the legal obligation associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition, construction, development or the normal operation of the long-lived asset. The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is not conditional even though the timing or method may be conditional. Identified conditional asset retirement obligations include asbestos abatement and remediation of soil contamination beneath current and previously divested facilities. We estimate conditional asset retirement obligations using site-specific knowledge and historical industry expertise. A significant change in the costs or timing could have a significant effect on our estimates. We recorded these liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, which totaled   $0.7 million   and   $0.4 million   in other current liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $19.9 million   and   $19.8 million   in other liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  More information regarding litigation, claims and contingencies is contained in Note 14 in the Financial Statements. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes 
  Significant judgment is required in the determination of our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. 
  Deferred income taxes have been recorded for the temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the Financial Statements.  In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider by jurisdiction all available positive and negative evidence, including our recent historical operating results, expected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, and tax-planning strategies.  Our assumptions about taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates of the underlying businesses.  We record a valuation allowance if we determine that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
  We conduct business globally and are routinely audited by the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate.  Our income tax positions are based on research and interpretations of the income tax laws and rulings in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business. Due to the subjectivity of interpretations of laws and rulings in each jurisdiction, as well as inherent uncertainty in estimating the final resolution of complex tax audit matters, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments of taxes.  We record unrecognized tax liabilities when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes.  We adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. 
  We have not provided U.S. deferred taxes for   $3,274.0 million   of undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, since these earnings have been determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. and thus are not subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes.  It is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional taxes that may be payable upon distribution of these earnings.  
  More information regarding income taxes is contained in Note 13 in the Financial Statements. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 1 in the Financial Statements regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 
  
   36 

Table of Contents  

Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  We are exposed to market risk during the normal course of business from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities as well as derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. We sometimes use interest rate swap contracts to manage the balance of fixed and floating rate debt. 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location s functional currency. Our objective is to minimize our exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating activities and the use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. The fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts is an asset of   $10.2 million   and a liability of   $17.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  . We enter into these contracts with major financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy. 
  We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. In   2016   and   2015  , the relative strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies had an unfavorable impact on our sales and results of operations. While future changes in foreign currency exchange rates are difficult to predict, our sales and profitability may be adversely affected if the U.S. dollar further strengthens relative to   2016   levels. 
  Certain of our locations have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to offset the transaction gains or losses associated with some of these assets and liabilities. For such assets and liabilities without offsetting foreign currency forward exchange contracts, a 10 percent adverse change in the underlying foreign currency exchange rates would reduce our pre-tax income by approximately $20.9 million. 
  We record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value regardless of the purpose for holding them. The use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts allows us to manage transactional exposure to exchange rate fluctuations as the gains or losses incurred on these contracts will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the underlying foreign currency exposure. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes are adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivatives that are hedges, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in fair value are either offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We recognize the ineffective portion of a derivative s change in fair value in earnings immediately. There was no impact on earnings due to ineffective hedges in   2016   or   2015  . A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in underlying foreign currency exchange rates associated with the hedged exposures and related contracts would not be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  In addition to existing cash balances and cash provided by normal operating activities, we use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance operations. We are exposed to interest rate risk on certain of these debt obligations. 
  Our short-term debt obligations are primarily comprised of commercial paper borrowings.  Commercial paper borrowings outstanding were   $448.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , with a weighted average interest rate of   0.57 percent   and weighted average maturity period of   35 days  .  There were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2015  . We have issued, and anticipate continuing to issue, additional short-term commercial paper obligations as needed. Changes in market interest rates on commercial paper borrowings affect our results of operations. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in average market interest rates related to our short-term debt would not be significant to our results of operations or financial condition. 
  We had outstanding fixed rate long-term debt obligations with a carrying value of   $1,516.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $1,500.9 million   at   September 30, 2015  . The fair value of this debt was   $1,780.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $1,682.6 million   at   September 30, 2015  . The potential reduction in fair value on such fixed-rate debt obligations from a hypothetical 50 basis point increase in market interest rates would not be significant to the overall fair value of our long-term debt. We currently have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturity and, therefore, fluctuations in market interest rates would not have an effect on our results of operations or shareowners  equity. 
  In February 2015, we entered into interest rate swap contracts, which we designated as fair value hedges.  These interest rate swaps effectively converted the   $600.0 million   aggregate principal amount of our   2.050 percent   notes payable in March 2020 (2020 Notes) and   2.875 percent   notes payable in March 2025 (2025 Notes) to floating rate debt, each at a rate based on three-month LIBOR plus a fixed spread. The effective floating interest rates were   1.281 percent   for the 2020 Notes and   1.691 percent   for the 2025 Notes at   September 30, 2016  .  The fair value of our interest rate swap contracts at   September 30, 2016   was a net unrealized gain of   $19.5 million  .  A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in average market interest rates related to our interest rate swaps would not be significant to our results of operations or financial condition. 
  
   37 

Table of Contents  

Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (in millions, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (in millions, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

39 

Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in millions) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in millions)   
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREOWNERS  EQUITY 
  (in millions, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies 
  Rockwell Automation, Inc. ("Rockwell Automation" or "the Company"),   a leader in industrial automation and information, makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable  . 
  Basis of Presentation 
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP). 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and controlled majority-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in affiliates over which we do not have control but exercise significant influence are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. These affiliated companies are not material individually or in the aggregate to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We use estimates in accounting for, among other items, customer returns, rebates and incentives; allowance for doubtful accounts; excess and obsolete inventory; share-based compensation; acquisitions; product warranty obligations; retirement benefits; litigation, claims and contingencies, including environmental matters, conditional asset retirement obligations and contractual indemnifications; and income taxes. We account for changes to estimates and assumptions prospectively when warranted by factually-based experience. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  We recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. Product and solution sales consist of industrial automation and information solutions; hardware and software products; and custom-engineered systems. Service sales include multi-vendor customer technical support and repair, asset management and optimization consulting and training. All service sales recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations are associated with our Control Products   Solutions segment. 
  For approximately   85 percent   of our consolidated sales, we record sales when all of the following have occurred: persuasive evidence of a sales agreement exists; pricing is fixed or determinable; collection is reasonably assured; and products have been delivered and acceptance has occurred, as may be required according to contract terms, or services have been rendered.  Within this category, we will at times enter into arrangements that involve the delivery of multiple products and/or the performance of services, such as installation and commissioning.  The timing of delivery, though varied based upon the nature of the undelivered component, is generally short-term in nature.  For these arrangements, revenue is allocated to each deliverable based on that element's relative selling price, provided the delivered element has value to customers on a standalone basis and, if the arrangement includes a general right of return, delivery or performance of the undelivered items is probable and substantially in our control.  Relative selling price is obtained from sources such as vendor-specific objective evidence, which is based on our separate selling price for that or a similar item, or from third-party evidence such as how competitors have priced similar items.  If such evidence is not available, we use our best estimate of the selling price, which includes various internal factors such as our pricing strategy and market factors. 
  We recognize substantially all of the remainder of our sales as construction-type contracts using either the percentage-of-completion or completed contract methods of accounting.  We record sales relating to these contracts using the percentage-of-completion method when we determine that progress toward completion is reasonably and reliably estimable; we use the completed contract method for all others.  Under the percentage-of-completion method, we recognize sales and gross profit as work is performed using the relationship between actual costs incurred and total estimated costs at completion.  Under the percentage-of-completion method, we adjust sales and gross profit for revisions of estimated total contract costs or revenue in the period the change is identified.  We record estimated losses on contracts when they are identified. 
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  1. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies (Continued) 

We use contracts and customer purchase orders to determine the existence of a sales agreement. We use shipping documents and customer acceptance, when applicable, to verify delivery. We assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. We assess collectibility based on the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit evaluations and analysis, as well as the customer s payment history. 
  Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in sales and the related costs are included in cost of sales in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
  Returns, Rebates and Incentives 
  Our primary incentive program provides distributors with cash rebates or account credits based on agreed amounts that vary depending on the customer to whom our distributor ultimately sells the product. We also offer various other incentive programs that provide distributors and direct sale customers with cash rebates, account credits or additional products, solutions and services based on meeting specified program criteria. Certain distributors are offered a right to return product, subject to contractual limitations. 
  We record accruals for customer returns, rebates and incentives at the time of revenue recognition based primarily on historical experience. Returns, rebates and incentives are recognized as a reduction of sales if distributed in cash or customer account credits. Rebates and incentives are recognized in cost of sales for additional products, solutions and services to be provided. Accruals are reported as a current liability in our balance sheet or, where a right of setoff exists, as a reduction of accounts receivable. 
  Taxes on Revenue Producing Transactions 
  Taxes assessed by governmental authorities on revenue producing transactions, including sales, value added, excise and use taxes, are recorded on a net basis (excluded from revenue). 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Cash and cash equivalents include time deposits and certificates of deposit with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. 
  Short-term Investments 
  Short-term investments include time deposits and certificates of deposit with original maturities longer than three months but shorter than one year at the time of purchase. These investments are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. 
  Receivables 
  We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on customer-specific analysis and general matters such as current assessments of past due balances and economic conditions. Receivables are stated net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of   $24.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $22.0 million   at   September 30, 2015  . In addition, receivables are stated net of an allowance for certain customer returns, rebates and incentives of   $7.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $9.2 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Inventories 
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods. Market is determined on the basis of estimated realizable values. 
  Property 
  Property, including internal-use software, is stated at cost. We calculate depreciation of property using the straight-line method over   5   to   40 years   for buildings and improvements,   3   to   20 years   for machinery and equipment and   3   to   8 years   for computer hardware and internal-use software. We capitalize significant renewals and enhancements and write off replaced units. We expense maintenance and repairs, as well as renewals of minor amounts. Property acquired during the year that is accrued within accounts payable or other current liabilities at year end is considered to be a non-cash investing activity and is excluded from cash used for capital expenditures in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  Capital expenditures of   $29.9 million  ,   $27.3 million   and   $24.6 million   were accrued within accounts payable and other current liabilities at   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill and other intangible assets generally result from business acquisitions. We account for business acquisitions by allocating the purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values; the excess of the purchase price over the allocated amount is recorded as goodwill. 
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  1. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies (Continued) 

We review goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate impairment may be present. Any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to results of operations. We perform our annual impairment test during the second quarter of our fiscal year. 
  We amortize certain customer relationships on an accelerated basis over the period of which we expect the intangible asset to generate future cash flows. We amortize all other intangible assets with finite useful lives on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Useful lives assigned range from   3   to   15 years   for trademarks,   8   to   20 years   for customer relationships,   5   to   17 years   for technology and   5   to   30 years   for other intangible assets. 
  Intangible assets also include costs of software developed or purchased by our software business to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed. Amortization of these computer software products is calculated on a product-by-product basis as the greater of (a) the unamortized cost at the beginning of the year times the ratio of the current year gross revenue for a product to the total of the current and anticipated future gross revenue for that product or (b) the straight-line amortization over the remaining estimated economic life of the product. 
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
  We evaluate the recoverability of the recorded amount of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the recorded amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. Impairment is assessed when the undiscounted expected future cash flows derived from an asset are less than its carrying amount. If we determine that an asset is impaired, we measure the impairment to be recognized as the amount by which the recorded amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. We report assets to be disposed of at the lower of the recorded amount or fair value less cost to sell. We determine fair value using a discounted future cash flow analysis. 
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
  We use derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage certain foreign currency risks. We enter into these contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies forecasted to occur within the next two years. We also use these contracts to hedge portions of our net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar. Additionally, we use derivative financial instruments in the form of interest rate swap contracts to manage our borrowing costs of certain long-term debt. We designate and account for these derivative financial instruments as hedges under U.S. GAAP.  
  Furthermore, we use foreign currency forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedges to offset transaction gains or losses associated with some of our assets and liabilities resulting from intercompany loans or other transactions with third parties that are denominated in currencies other than our entities' functional currencies. It is our policy to execute such instruments with global financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy and not to enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Foreign currency forward exchange contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. 
  Foreign Currency Translation 
  We translate assets and liabilities of subsidiaries operating outside of the United States with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar into U.S. dollars using exchange rates at the end of the respective period. We translate sales, costs and expenses at average exchange rates effective during the respective period. We report foreign currency translation adjustments as a component of other comprehensive (loss) income. Currency transaction gains and losses are included in results of operations in the period incurred. 
  Research and Development Expenses 
  We expense research and development (R D) costs as incurred; these costs were   $319.3 million   in   2016  ,   $307.3 million   in   2015   and   $290.1 million   in   2014  . We include R D expenses in cost of sales in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
  Income Taxes 
  We account for uncertain tax positions by determining whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. For tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial statements based on our assertion of the most likely outcome resulting from an examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  1. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Earnings Per Share 
  We present basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) amounts. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing earnings available to common shareowners, which is income excluding the allocation to participating securities, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year, excluding unvested restricted stock. Diluted EPS amounts are based upon the weighted average number of common and common-equivalent shares outstanding during the year. We use the treasury stock method to calculate the effect of outstanding share-based compensation awards, which requires us to compute total employee proceeds as the sum of (a) the amount the employee must pay upon exercise of the award, (b) the amount of unearned share-based compensation costs attributed to future services and (c) the amount of tax benefits, if any, that would be credited to additional paid-in capital assuming exercise of the award. Share-based compensation awards for which the total employee proceeds of the award exceed the average market price of the same award over the period have an antidilutive effect on EPS, and accordingly, we exclude them from the calculation. Antidilutive share-based compensation awards for the years ended   September 30, 2016   (  2.2 million   shares),   2015   (  1.4 million   shares) and   2014   (  0.8 million   shares) were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation. U.S. GAAP requires unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid, to be treated as participating securities and included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Our participating securities are composed of unvested restricted stock and non-employee director restricted stock units. 
  The following table reconciles basic and diluted EPS amounts (in millions, except per share amounts): 

46 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  1. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Share-Based Compensation 
  We recognize share-based compensation expense for equity awards on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award based on the fair value of the award as of the grant date.  
  Product and Workers  Compensation Liabilities 
  We record accruals for product and workers  compensation claims in the period in which they are probable and reasonably estimable. Our principal self-insurance programs include product liability and workers  compensation where we self-insure up to a specified dollar amount. Claims exceeding this amount up to specified limits are covered by insurance policies purchased from commercial insurers. We estimate the liability for the majority of the self-insured claims using our claims experience for the periods being valued. 
  Environmental Matters 
  We record liabilities for environmental matters in the period in which our responsibility is probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.  We make changes to the liabilities in the periods in which the estimated costs of remediation change.  At third-party environmental sites where more than one potentially responsible party has been identified, we record a liability for our estimated allocable share of costs related to our involvement with the site, as well as an estimated allocable share of costs related to the involvement of insolvent or unidentified parties. If we determine that recovery from insurers or other third parties is probable and a right of setoff exists, we record the liability net of the estimated recovery.  If we determine that recovery from insurers or other third parties is probable but a right of setoff does not exist, we record a liability for the total estimated costs of remediation and a receivable for the estimated recovery.  At environmental sites where we are the sole responsible party, we record a liability for the total estimated costs of remediation.  Ongoing operating and maintenance expenditures included in our environmental remediation obligations are discounted to present value over the probable future remediation period.  Our remaining environmental remediation obligations are undiscounted due to subjectivity of timing and/or amount of future cash payments.   
  Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations 
  We record liabilities for costs related to legal obligations associated with the retirement of a tangible, long-lived asset that results from the acquisition, construction, development or the normal operation of the long-lived asset.  The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is not conditional even though the timing or method may be conditional. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new standard on share-based compensation.  Among other changes to the existing guidance, this standard requires entities to record the excess income tax benefit or deficiency from share-based compensation within the income tax provision rather than within additional paid-in capital.  This guidance is effective for us for reporting periods beginning no later than October 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued a new standard on accounting for leases which requires lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for most leases, among other changes to existing lease accounting guidance. The new standard also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about leasing activities. This guidance is effective for us for reporting periods beginning October 1, 2019.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance that requires all deferred income taxes to be classified on the balance sheet as noncurrent assets or liabilities rather than separating current and noncurrent deferred income taxes based on the classification of the related assets and liabilities.  This requirement is effective for us no later than October 1, 2017; however, we elected to adopt earlier as of December 31, 2015.  Upon adoption of this guidance we retrospectively reclassified   $151.2 million   of deferred income taxes from current assets to noncurrent assets at September 30, 2015. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued a new standard on revenue recognition related to contracts with customers.  This standard supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance and involves a five-step approach to recognizing revenue based on individual performance obligations in a contract.  The new standard will also require additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about contracts with customers, significant judgments made in applying the revenue guidance, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.  This guidance is effective for us for reporting periods beginning October 1, 2018.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  
   47 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were (in millions): 

During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized goodwill of   $72.7 million   and other intangible assets of   $57.5 million   resulting from three acquisitions. In March 2016, we acquired MagneMotion Inc., a manufacturer of intelligent conveying systems. In September 2016, we acquired Automation Control Products (ACP), a provider of centralized thin client, remote desktop and server management software, and Maverick Technologies (Maverick), a systems integrator. We assigned the full amount of goodwill related to MagneMotion Inc. and ACP to our Architecture   Software segment and the full amount of goodwill related to Maverick to our Control Products   Solutions segment. As of   September 30, 2016  , the purchase accounting and figures associated with ACP and Maverick are preliminary and will be finalized within the permitted measurement period. 
    
  During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , we recognized goodwill of   $14.9 million   and other intangible assets of   $5.4 million   resulting from the acquisition of the assets of ESC Services, Inc., a global provider of lockout-tagout services and solutions. We assigned the full amount of goodwill related to ESC Services, Inc. to our Control Products   Solutions segment. 
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  2. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Continued) 

Other intangible assets consist of (in millions): 

Computer software products represent costs of computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed. Computer software products amortization expense was   $11.5 million   in   2016  ,   $9.4 million   in   2015   and   $9.4 million   in   2014  . 
  Estimated amortization expense is   $30.1 million   in   2017  ,   $25.1 million   in   2018  ,   $22.0 million   in   2019  ,   $19.0 million   in   2020   and   $18.4 million   in   2021  . 
  We performed our annual evaluation of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment as required by U.S. GAAP during the second quarter of   2016   and concluded that these assets are not impaired. 
   
  3. Inventories 
  Inventories consist of (in millions): 

49 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. Property, net 
  Property consists of (in millions): 

5. Long-term and Short-term Debt 
  Long-term debt consists of (in millions): 

In February 2015, upon issuance of our notes payable in March 2020 (2020 Notes) and March 2025 (2025 Notes), we entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate swap contracts with multiple banks that effectively converted the   $600.0 million   aggregate principal amount to floating rate debt, each at a rate based on three-month LIBOR plus a fixed spread.  The effective floating interest rates were   1.281 percent   for the 2020 Notes and   1.691 percent   for the 2025 Notes at   September 30, 2016  . The aggregate fair value of the interest rate swap contracts at   September 30, 2016   was a net unrealized   gain   of   $19.5 million  .  We have designated these swaps as fair value hedges. The individual contracts are recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with corresponding adjustments to the carrying value of the underlying debt.  Additional information related to our interest rate swap contracts is included in Note 8. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our total borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in   March 2020   was   $1.0 billion  .  We can increase the aggregate amount of this credit facility by up to   $350.0 million  , subject to the consent of the banks in the credit facility.  We have not borrowed against either credit facility during the years ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  Borrowings under this credit facility bear interest based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings are outstanding.  The terms of this credit facility contain covenants under which we would be in default if our debt-to-total-capital ratio was to exceed   60 percent  . Separate short-term unsecured credit facilities of approximately   $121.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   were available to non-U.S. subsidiaries. Borrowings under our non-U.S. credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were not significant. There are no significant commitment fees or compensating balance requirements under any of our credit facilities. 
  Our short-term debt obligations are primarily comprised of commercial paper borrowings.  Commercial paper borrowings outstanding were   $448.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The weighted average interest rate of the commercial paper outstanding was   0.57 percent   at   September 30, 2016  .  There were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Interest payments were   $69.2 million   during   2016  ,   $60.8 million   during   2015   and   $58.1 million   during   2014  . 
  
   50 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. Other Current Liabilities 
  Other current liabilities consist of (in millions): 

7. Product Warranty Obligations 
  We record a liability for product warranty obligations at the time of sale to a customer based upon historical warranty experience. Most of our products are covered under a warranty period that runs for twelve months from either the date of sale or installation. We also record a liability for specific warranty matters when they become known and reasonably estimable. 
  Changes in product warranty obligations were (in millions): 

51 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurement 
  We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency denominated debt obligations to manage certain foreign currency risks.  We also use interest rate swap contracts to manage risks associated with interest rate fluctuations.  The following information explains how we use and value these types of derivative instruments and how they impact our consolidated financial statements. 
  Additional information related to the impacts of cash flow hedges on other comprehensive (loss) income is included in Note 9. 
  Types of Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  Cash Flow Hedges 
  We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies forecasted to occur within the next   two years   (cash flow hedges).  We report in other comprehensive (loss) income the effective portion of the gain or loss on derivative financial instruments that we designate and that qualify as cash flow hedges. We reclassify these gains or losses into earnings in the same periods when the hedged transactions affect earnings.  To the extent forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are ineffective, changes in value are recorded in earnings through the maturity date.  There was   no impact   on earnings due to ineffective cash flow hedges.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a U.S. dollar-equivalent gross notional amount of   $663.2 million   of foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
  The pre-tax amount of (losses) gains recorded in other comprehensive (loss) income related to cash flow hedges that would have been recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations had they not been so designated was (in millions): 

The pre-tax amount of (losses) gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into the Consolidated Statement of Operations related to derivative forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, which offset the related gains and losses on the hedged items during the periods presented, was (in millions): 

Approximately   $5.4 million   of pre-tax net unrealized   losses   on cash flow hedges as of   September 30, 2016   will be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. We expect that these net unrealized   losses   will be offset when the hedged items are recognized in earnings. 
  Net Investment Hedges 
  We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency denominated debt obligations to hedge portions of our net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries (net investment hedges) against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar.  For all instruments that are designated as net investment hedges and meet effectiveness requirements, the net changes in value of the designated hedging instruments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareowners  equity where they offset gains and losses recorded on our net investments globally. To the extent forward exchange contracts or foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges are ineffective, changes in value are recorded in earnings through the maturity date. There was   no impact   on earnings due to ineffective net investment hedges. At   September 30, 2016  , we had a gross notional amount of   $465.0 million   of foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  8. Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurement (Continued) 

The pre-tax amount of gains (losses) recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) related to net investment hedges that would have been recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations had they not been so designated was (in millions): 

Fair Value Hedges 
  We use interest rate swap contracts to manage the borrowing costs of certain long-term debt.  In February 2015, we issued   $600.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes.  Upon issuance of these notes, we entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate swap contracts that effectively convert these notes from fixed rate debt to floating rate debt.  We designate these contracts as fair value hedges because they hedge the changes in fair value of the fixed rate notes resulting from changes in interest rates.  The changes in value of these fair value hedges are recorded as gains or losses in interest expense and are offset by the losses or gains on the underlying debt instruments, which are also recorded in interest expense. There was   no impact   on earnings due to ineffective fair value hedges.  At   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate notional value of our interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges was   $600.0 million  . 
  The pre-tax amount of net   gains   recognized within the Consolidated Statement of Operations related to derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, which fully offset the related net   losses   on the hedged debt instruments during the periods presented, was (in millions): 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
  Certain of our locations have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies resulting from intercompany loans and other transactions with third parties denominated in foreign currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts that we do not designate as hedging instruments to offset the transaction gains or losses associated with some of these assets and liabilities.  Gains and losses on derivative financial instruments for which we do not elect hedge accounting are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in each period, based on the change in the fair value of the derivative financial instruments.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a U.S. dollar-equivalent gross notional amount of   $255.7 million   of foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments. 
  The pre-tax amount of gains (losses) from forward exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations was (in millions): 

53 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  8. Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurement (Continued) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  U.S. GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. U.S. GAAP also classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: 
                   Level 1: 
      
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: 
      
    Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability. 
   
                  Level 3: 
      
    Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

We recognize all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We value our forward exchange contracts using a market approach. We use a valuation model based on inputs including forward and spot prices for currency and interest rate curves. We did not change our valuation techniques during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   or   2014  .  It is our policy to execute such instruments with major financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy and not to enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. We diversify our foreign currency forward exchange contracts among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Our foreign currency forward exchange contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. The U.S. dollar-equivalent gross notional amount of our forward exchange contracts totaled   $1,383.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  Currency pairs (buy/sell) comprising the most significant contract notional values were United States dollar (USD)/euro, USD/Swiss franc, USD/Canadian dollar, Swiss franc/euro, Swiss franc/Canadian dollar, Singapore dollar/USD and Mexican peso/USD. 
  We value interest rate swap contracts using a market approach based on observable market inputs including publicized swap curves.  
  Assets (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their location in our Consolidated Balance Sheet were (in millions): 

54 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  8. Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurement (Continued) 

We also hold financial instruments consisting of cash, short-term investments, short-term debt and long-term debt. The fair values of our cash, short-term investments and short-term debt approximate their carrying amounts as reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the short-term nature of these instruments.  
  We base the fair value of long-term debt upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues.  The fair value of long-term debt below considers the terms of the debt excluding the impact of derivative and hedging activity.  The carrying amount of a portion of our long-term debt is impacted by fixed-to-floating interest rate swap contracts that are designated as fair value hedges. 
  The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments not measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet (in millions): 

55 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. Shareowners  Equity 
  Common Stock 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the authorized stock of the Company consisted of   one billion   shares of common stock, par value   $1.00   per share, and   25 million   shares of preferred stock, without par value.  At   September 30, 2016  ,   13.1 million   shares of authorized common stock were reserved for various incentive plans. 
  Changes in outstanding common shares are summarized as follows (in millions): 

At   September 30, 2016   and   2015   there were   $5.3 million   and   $12.5 million  , respectively, of outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable that did not settle until the next fiscal year. 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were (in millions): 

56 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  9. Shareowners  Equity (Continued) 

The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were (in millions): 

(a) Reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. These components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 11 for further information. 

57 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Share-Based Compensation 
  During   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   we recognized   $40.5 million  ,   $41.5 million   and   $42.5 million   of pre-tax share-based compensation expense, respectively. The total income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense was   $12.9 million  ,   $13.2 million   and   $12.9 million   during   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We recognize compensation expense on grants of share-based compensation awards on a straight-line basis over the service period of each award recipient. As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation awards was   $34.5 million  , net of estimated forfeitures, which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of approximately   1.6 years  . 
  Our 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended (2012 Plan), authorizes us to deliver up to   11.8 million   shares of our common stock upon exercise of stock options or upon grant or in payment of stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units, restricted stock units and restricted stock. Our 2003 Directors Stock Plan, as amended, authorizes us to deliver up to   0.5 million   shares of our common stock upon exercise of stock options or upon grant of shares of our common stock and restricted stock units. Shares relating to awards under our 2012 Plan, 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, or our 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, that terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise without the issuance or delivery of shares will be available for further awards under the 2012 Plan. Approximately   6.4 million   shares under our 2012 Plan and   0.3 million   shares under our 2003 Directors Stock Plan remain available for future grant or payment at   September 30, 2016  . We use treasury stock to deliver shares of our common stock under these plans. Our 2012 Plan does not permit share-based compensation awards to be granted after February 7, 2022. 
  Stock Options 
  We have granted non-qualified and incentive stock options to purchase our common stock under various incentive plans at prices equal to the fair market value of the stock on the grant dates. The exercise price for stock options granted under the plans may be paid in cash, already-owned shares of common stock or a combination of cash and such shares. Stock options expire   ten years   after the grant date and vest ratably over   three years  . 
  The per-share weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $21.28  ,   $26.70   and   $34.03  , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was   $21.9 million  ,   $46.1 million   and   $108.1 million   during   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We estimated the fair value of each stock option on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: 

The average risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury security rates corresponding to the expected term in effect as of the grant date. The expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual dividend as a percentage of the market value of our common stock as of the grant date. We determined expected volatility using daily historical volatility of our stock price over the most recent period corresponding to the expected term as of the grant date. We determined the expected term of the stock options using historical data adjusted for the estimated exercise dates of unexercised options. 
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  10. Share-Based Compensation (Continued) 

A summary of stock option activity for the year ended   September 30, 2016   is: 

Performance Share Awards 
  Certain officers and key employees are also eligible to receive shares of our common stock in payment of performance share awards granted to them. Grantees of performance shares will be eligible to receive shares of our common stock depending upon our total shareowner return, assuming reinvestment of all dividends, relative to the performance of companies in the S P 500 Index over a   three  -year period. The awards actually earned will range from   zero percent   to   200 percent   of the targeted number of performance shares for the three-year performance periods and will be paid, to the extent earned, in the fiscal quarter following the end of the applicable three-year performance period. 
  A summary of performance share activity for the year ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

(1) 
    Performance shares granted assuming achievement of performance goals at target. 
              (2) 
    Adjustments were due to the number of shares vested under the fiscal   2016   awards at the end of the three-year performance period ended   September 30, 2015   being lower than the target number of shares. 
       
  The following table summarizes information about performance shares vested during the years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  :   

  For the three-year performance period ending   September 30, 2016  , the payout will be   10 percent   of the target number of shares, with a maximum of   7,000   shares to be delivered in payment under the awards in   December 2016  . 
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  10. Share-Based Compensation (Continued) 

The per-share fair value of performance share awards granted during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $87.64  ,   $103.70   and   $108.48  , respectively, which we determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and the following assumptions: 

The average risk-free interest rate is based on the three-year U.S. Treasury security rate in effect as of the grant date. The expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual dividend as a percentage of the market value of our common stock as of the grant date. The expected volatilities were determined using daily historical volatility for the most recent three-year period as of the grant date. 
  Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
  We grant restricted stock and restricted stock units to certain employees, and non-employee directors may elect to receive a portion of their compensation in restricted stock units. Restrictions on employee restricted stock and employee restricted stock units generally lapse over periods ranging from   one   to   five years  . Director restricted stock units generally are payable upon retirement.  We value restricted stock and restricted stock units at the closing market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $105.38  ,   $115.02   and   $109.69  , respectively. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $7.0 million  ,   $8.0 million  , and   $6.4 million  , respectively. 
  A summary of restricted stock and restricted stock unit activity for the year ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

We also granted approximately   10,000   shares of unrestricted common stock to non-employee directors during the year ended   September 30, 2016  . The weighted average grant date fair value of the unrestricted stock awards granted during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $98.79  ,   $111.43   and   $108.86  , respectively. 

60 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. Retirement Benefits 
  We sponsor funded and unfunded pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for our employees. The pension plans cover most of our employees and provide for monthly pension payments to eligible employees after retirement. Pension benefits for salaried employees generally are based on years of credited service and average earnings. Pension benefits for hourly employees are primarily based on specified benefit amounts and years of service. Effective July 1, 2010 we closed participation in our U.S. and Canada pension plans to employees hired after June 30, 2010. Employees hired after June 30, 2010 are instead eligible to participate in employee savings plans. The Company contributions are based on age and years of service and range from   3% to 7%   of eligible compensation. Effective October 1, 2010, we also closed participation in our U.K. pension plan to employees hired after September 30, 2010 and these employees are now eligible for a defined contribution plan. Benefits to be provided to plan participants hired before July 1, 2010 or October 1, 2010, respectively, are not affected by these changes. Our policy with respect to funding our pension obligations is to fund the minimum amount required by applicable laws and governmental regulations.  We were not required to make contributions to satisfy minimum funding requirements in our U.S. pension plans. We did not make voluntary contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan in   2016  ,   2015   or   2014  . Other postretirement benefits are primarily in the form of retirement medical plans that cover most of our employees in the U.S. and Canada and provide for the payment of certain medical costs of eligible employees and dependents after retirement. 
  The components of net periodic benefit cost (income) are (in millions): 

61 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

Benefit obligation, plan assets, funded status and net liability information is summarized as follows (in millions): 

Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   which have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost are as follows (in millions): 

During   2016  , we recognized prior service credits of   $14.0 million   (  $8.9 million   net of tax) and net actuarial losses of   $126.8 million   (  $82.7 million   net of tax) in pension and other postretirement net periodic benefit cost, which were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at   September 30, 2015  .  In   2017  , we expect to recognize prior service credits of   $9.8 million   (  $6.5 million   net of tax), and net actuarial losses of   $155.5 million   (  $102.1 million   net of tax) in pension and other postretirement net periodic benefit cost, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  During   2015  , we offered lump-sum distributions to certain deferred vested participants in the U.S. defined benefit plans. Related payments totaled   $108.8 million  . No settlement charge was required to be recorded. 
  The accumulated benefit obligation for our pension plans was   $4,429.1 million   and   $3,979.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

62 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost Assumptions 
  Significant assumptions used in determining net periodic benefit cost included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period ended September 30 are (in weighted averages): 

Net Benefit Obligation Assumptions 
  Significant assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are (in weighted averages): 

(1) 
    The health care cost trend rate reflects the estimated increase in gross medical claims costs. As a result of the plan amendment adopted effective October 1, 2002, our effective per person retiree medical cost increase is zero percent beginning in 2005 for the majority of our postretirement benefit plans. For our other plans, we assume the gross health care cost trend rate will decrease to   5.50%   in   2018   for U.S. Plans and   4.50%   in   2017   for Non-U.S. Plans. 
     In October 2014, the U.S. Society of Actuaries released a new mortality table (RP-2014) and new mortality improvement scale (MP-2014).  We used these mortality tables to measure our U.S. pension obligation as of   September 30, 2015  .  This change in mortality assumptions resulted in a   $222.1 million   increase to our projected benefit obligation.  In October 2015, the U.S. Society of Actuaries released a new mortality improvement scale (MP-2015), which was used to measure our U.S. pension obligation as of   September 30, 2016  .  This change in mortality assumptions resulted in a   $28.0 million   decrease to our projected benefit obligation. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

In determining the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, we consider actual returns on plan assets over the long term, adjusted for forward-looking considerations, such as inflation, interest rates, equity performance and the active management of the plan s invested assets. We also considered our current and expected mix of plan assets in setting this assumption. This resulted in the selection of the weighted average long-term rate of return on assets assumption. Our global weighted-average targeted and actual asset allocations at September 30, by asset category, are: 

The investment objective for pension funds related to our defined benefit plans is to meet the plan s benefit obligations, while maximizing the long-term growth of assets without undue risk. We strive to achieve this objective by investing plan assets within target allocation ranges and diversification within asset categories. Target allocation ranges are guidelines that are adjusted periodically based on ongoing monitoring by plan fiduciaries. Investment risk is controlled by rebalancing to target allocations on a periodic basis and ongoing monitoring of investment manager performance relative to the investment guidelines established for each manager. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our pension plans do not directly own our common stock. 
  In certain countries where we operate, there are no legal requirements or financial incentives provided to companies to pre-fund pension obligations. In these instances, we typically make benefit payments directly from cash as they become due, rather than by creating a separate pension fund. 
  The valuation methodologies used for our pension plans  investments measured at fair value are described as follows. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Common stock     Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 
  Mutual funds     Valued at the net asset value (NAV) reported by the fund. 
  Corporate debt     Valued at either the yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings or valued under a discounted cash flow approach that maximizes observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable such as credit and liquidity risks. 
  Government securities     Valued at the most recent closing price on the active market on which the individual securities are traded or, absent an active market, utilizing observable inputs such as closing prices in less frequently traded markets. 
  Common collective trusts     Valued at the NAV as determined by the custodian of the fund. The NAV is based on the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus its liabilities then divided by the number of units outstanding. 
  Private equity and alternative equity     Valued at the estimated fair value, as determined by the respective fund manager, based on the NAV of the investment units held at year end, which is subject to judgment. 
  Real estate funds     Consists of the real estate funds, which provide an indirect investment into a diversified and multi-sector portfolio of property assets.  Publicly-traded real estate funds are valued at the most recent closing price reported on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  The remainder is valued at the estimated fair value, as determined by the respective fund manager, based on the NAV of the investment units held at year end, which is subject to judgment. 
  Insurance contracts     Valued at the aggregate amount of accumulated contribution and investment income less amounts used to make benefit payments and administrative expenses which approximates fair value. 
  Other     Consists of other fixed income investments and common collective trusts with a mix of equity and fixed income underlying assets. Other fixed income investments are valued at the most recent closing price reported in the markets in which the individual securities are traded, which may be infrequently. 
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding levels in the fair value hierarchy. The following table presents our pension plans  investments measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016  : 

65 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

The following table presents our pension plans  investments measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2015  : 

66 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in fair market value of our pension plans  Level 3 assets for the year ended   September 30, 2016  : 

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in fair market value of our pension plans  Level 3 assets for the year ended   September 30, 2015  : 

Estimated Future Payments 
  We expect to contribute   $49.2 million   related to our worldwide pension plans and   $10.6 million   to our postretirement benefit plans in   2017  . 
  The following benefit payments, which include employees  expected future service, as applicable, are expected to be paid (in millions): 

67 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  11. Retirement Benefits (Continued) 

Other Postretirement Benefits 
  A one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effect (in millions): 

Pension Benefits 
  Information regarding our pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets (underfunded plans) at September 30,   2016   and   2015   are as follows (in millions): 

Defined Contribution Savings Plans 
  We also sponsor certain defined contribution savings plans for eligible employees. Expense related to these plans was   $38.6 million   in   2016  ,   $46.3 million   in   2015   and   $43.8 million   in   2014  . 
   
  12. Other Income (Expense) 
  The components of other income (expense) are (in millions): 

Other income (expense)   included an   $8.0 million     gain   in   2014   from favorable resolutions of certain intellectual property and commercial legal matters. 
  
   68 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes 
  Selected income tax data (in millions): 

Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
  The reconciliation between the U.S. federal statutory rate and our effective tax rate was: 

We operate in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions under government-sponsored tax incentive programs, the primary benefit of which will expire in   2019  .  These programs may be extended with reduced incentives if certain additional requirements are met.  The tax benefit attributable to these incentive programs was   $33.9 million   (  $0.26   per diluted share) in   2016  ,   $36.5 million   (  $0.27   per diluted share) in   2015   and   $42.9 million   (  $0.31   per diluted share) in   2014  . 

69 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

Deferred Taxes 
  The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to our net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) at September 30,   2016   and   2015   were (in millions): 

We have not provided U.S. deferred taxes for   $3,274.0 million   of undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, since these earnings have been determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. and thus are not subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes.  It is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional taxes that may be payable upon distribution of these earnings. 
  We believe it is more likely than not that we will realize our deferred tax assets through the reduction of future taxable income, other than for the deferred tax assets reflected below.  
  Tax attributes and related valuation allowances at   September 30, 2016   were (in millions): 

70 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
  A reconciliation of our gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, is as follows (in millions): 

The amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits that would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized was   $32.4 million  ,   $43.9 million   and   $38.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  
  Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were   $5.2 million   and   $5.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. Benefits (expense) recognized were   $(0.1) million  ,   $2.4 million   and   $4.0 million   in   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.   
  We do not expect the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly in the next 12 months  .  
  We conduct business globally and are routinely audited by the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before   2014   and are no longer subject to state, local and non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before   2003  . 
   
  14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
  Obligations and expected recoveries related to environmental remediation costs, conditional asset retirement obligations and other recorded indemnification matters as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we have estimated the total reasonably possible costs we could incur from these environmental remediation and indemnification liabilities to be   $133.6 million   (  $105.2 million  , net of related receivables). 
  Environmental Matters 
  Federal, state and local requirements relating to the discharge of substances into the environment, the disposal of hazardous wastes and other activities affecting the environment have and will continue to have an effect on our manufacturing operations. Thus far, compliance with environmental requirements and resolution of environmental claims have been accomplished without material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Continued) 

We have been designated as a potentially responsible party at   13   Superfund sites, excluding sites as to which our records disclose no involvement or as to which our potential liability has been finally determined and assumed by third parties. In addition, various other lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been asserted against us seeking remediation of alleged environmental impairments, principally at previously owned properties.  
  Environmental remediation cost liabilities and related expected recoveries at   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in millions): 

(1)   
    Includes   $51.6 million   related to discounted ongoing operating and maintenance expenditures. 
     Based on our assessment, we believe that our expenditures for environmental capital investment and remediation necessary to comply with present regulations governing environmental protection and other expenditures for the resolution of environmental claims will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements. 
  Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations 
  We accrue for costs related to a legal obligation associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition, construction, development or the normal operation of the long-lived asset. The obligation to perform the asset retirement activity is not conditional even though the timing or method may be conditional. Identified conditional asset retirement obligations include asbestos abatement and remediation of soil contamination beneath current and previously divested facilities. We estimate conditional asset retirement obligations using site-specific knowledge and historical industry expertise.  
  Conditional asset retirement obligations and related expected recoveries at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (in millions): 

There have been no significant changes in liabilities incurred, liabilities settled, accretion expense or revisions in estimated cash flows for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Other Matters 
  Various other lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be instituted or asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, safety and health, intellectual property, employment and contract matters. Although the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and some lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be disposed of unfavorably to us, we believe the disposition of matters that are pending or have been asserted will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Continued) 

We (including our subsidiaries) have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain components of our products many years ago. Currently there are a few thousand claimants in lawsuits that name us as defendants, together with hundreds of other companies. In some cases, the claims involve products from divested businesses, and we are indemnified for most of the costs. However, we have agreed to defend and indemnify asbestos claims associated with products manufactured or sold by our former Dodge mechanical and Reliance Electric motors and motor repair services businesses prior to their divestiture by us, which occurred on January 31, 2007. We are also responsible for half of the costs and liabilities associated with asbestos cases against our former Rockwell International Corporation's divested measurement and flow control business. But in all cases, for those claimants who do show that they worked with our products or products of divested businesses for which we are responsible, we nevertheless believe we have meritorious defenses, in substantial part due to the integrity of the products, the encapsulated nature of any asbestos-containing components, and the lack of any impairing medical condition on the part of many claimants. We defend those cases vigorously. Historically, we have been dismissed from the vast majority of these claims with no payment to claimants. 
  We have maintained insurance coverage that we believe covers indemnity and defense costs, over and above self-insured retentions, for claims arising from our former Allen-Bradley subsidiary. Following litigation against Nationwide Indemnity Company (Nationwide) and Kemper Insurance (Kemper), the insurance carriers that provided liability insurance coverage to Allen-Bradley, we entered into separate agreements on April 1, 2008 with both insurance carriers to further resolve responsibility for ongoing and future coverage of Allen-Bradley asbestos claims. In exchange for a lump sum payment, Kemper bought out its remaining liability and has been released from further insurance obligations to Allen-Bradley. Nationwide entered into a cost share agreement with us to pay the substantial majority of future defense and indemnity costs for Allen-Bradley asbestos claims. We believe that this arrangement with Nationwide will continue to provide coverage for Allen-Bradley asbestos claims throughout the remaining life of the asbestos liability. 
  We also have rights to historic insurance policies that provide indemnity and defense costs, over and above self-insured retentions, for claims arising out of certain asbestos liabilities relating to the divested measurement and flow control business. We initiated litigation against several insurers to pursue coverage for these claims, subject to each carrier's policy limits, and the case is now pending in Los Angeles County Superior Court. In September 2016, we entered into settlement agreements with certain insurance company defendants. In exchange for a lump sum payment, Lamorak Insurance Company bought out its remaining liability and has been released from further insurance obligations relating to the measurement and flow control business. Certain Underwriters at Lloyd s, London and certain London Market Insurance Companies entered into a cost share agreement to pay a portion of future defense and indemnity costs for measurement and flow control asbestos claims. We believe this arrangement will continue to provide partial coverage for these asbestos claims throughout the remaining life of asbestos liability. 
  The uncertainties of asbestos claim litigation make it difficult to predict accurately the ultimate outcome of asbestos claims. That uncertainty is increased by the possibility of adverse rulings or new legislation affecting asbestos claim litigation or the settlement process. Subject to these uncertainties and based on our experience defending asbestos claims, we do not believe these lawsuits will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  We have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. In connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. In some instances the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible to satisfy those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so. 
  In connection with the spin-offs of our former automotive business, semiconductor systems business and Rockwell Collins avionics and communications business, the spun-off companies have agreed to indemnify us for substantially all contingent liabilities related to the respective businesses, including environmental and intellectual property matters. 
  In conjunction with the sale of our Dodge mechanical and Reliance Electric motors and motor repair services businesses, we agreed to indemnify Baldor Electric Company for costs and damages related to certain legal, legacy environmental and asbestos matters of these businesses arising before January 31, 2007, for which the maximum exposure would be capped at the amount received for the sale.  
  
   73 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
    
  14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Continued) 

Indemnification liabilities and related expected recoveries at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (in millions): 

Included in the above are certain environmental indemnification liabilities that are substantially indemnified by ExxonMobil Corporation for which we have recorded a liability of   $11.0 million   and   $26.0 million  , and a related receivable of   $10.8 million   and   $24.7 million  , as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  In many countries we provide a limited intellectual property indemnity as part of our terms and conditions of sale.  We also at times provide limited intellectual property indemnities in other contracts with third parties, such as contracts concerning the development and manufacture of our products.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were not aware of any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible of an unfavorable outcome.  Historically, claims that have been made under the indemnification agreements have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations; however, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in a particular period. 
  Lease Commitments 
  Rental expense was   $115.5 million   in   2016  ,   $117.0 million   in   2015   and   $121.6 million   in   2014  . As of   September 30, 2016  , minimum future rental commitments under operating leases having noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year are payable as follows (in millions): 

Commitments from third parties under sublease agreements having noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year were not significant as of   September 30, 2016  .  Most leases contain renewal options for varying periods, and certain leases include options to purchase the leased property. 
  
   74 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Business Segment Information 
  Rockwell Automation,   a leader in industrial automation and information, makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable  . We determine our operating segments based on the information used by our chief operating decision maker, our Chief Executive Officer, to allocate resources and assess performance. Based upon this information, we organize our products, solutions and services into two operating segments: Architecture   Software and Control Products   Solutions. 
  Architecture   Software 
  The Architecture   Software segment contains all of the hardware, software and communication components of our integrated control and information architecture which are capable of controlling the customer s industrial processes and connecting with their business enterprise. Architecture   Software has a broad portfolio of products including: 
             
    Control platforms that perform multiple control disciplines and monitoring of applications, including discrete, batch and continuous process, drives control, motion control and machine safety control. Our platform products include controllers, electronic operator interface devices, electronic input/output devices, communication and networking products and industrial computers. The information-enabled Logix controllers provide integrated multi-discipline control that is modular and scalable. 
                
    Software products that include configuration and visualization software used to operate and supervise control platforms, advanced process control software, manufacturing execution systems (MES) and information solutions software that enables customers to improve operational productivity and meet regulatory requirements. 
                
    Other products, including sensors, machine safety components and linear motion control products. 
     Control Products   Solutions 
  The Control Products   Solutions segment combines a comprehensive portfolio of intelligent motor control and industrial control products, application expertise and project management capabilities. This comprehensive portfolio includes: 
             
    Low and medium voltage electro-mechanical and electronic motor starters, motor and circuit protection devices, AC/DC variable frequency drives, push buttons, signaling devices, termination and protection devices, relays and timers. 
                
    Value-added solutions ranging from packaged solutions such as configured drives and motor control centers to automation and information solutions where we provide design, integration and start-up services for custom-engineered hardware and information software. 
                
    Services designed to help maximize a customer s automation investment and provide total life-cycle support, including technical support and repair, asset management, training, predictive and preventative maintenance, and safety and network consulting. 
     
   75 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Business Segment Information (Continued) 
  The following tables reflect the sales and operating results of our reportable segments for the years ended   September 30  ,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in millions): 

Among other considerations, we evaluate performance and allocate resources based upon segment operating earnings before income taxes, interest expense, costs related to corporate offices, non-operating pension costs, certain nonrecurring corporate initiatives, gains and losses from the disposition of businesses and purchase accounting depreciation and amortization. Depending on the product, intersegment sales within a single legal entity are either at cost or cost plus a mark-up, which does not necessarily represent a market price. Sales between legal entities are at an appropriate transfer price. We allocate costs related to shared segment operating activities to the segments using a methodology consistent with the expected benefit. 
  The following tables summarize the identifiable assets at   September 30  ,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   and the provision for depreciation and amortization and the amount of capital expenditures for property for the years then ended for each of the reportable segments and Corporate (in millions): 

76 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Business Segment Information (Continued) 
  Identifiable assets at Corporate consist principally of cash, net deferred income tax assets, prepaid pension and property. Property shared by the segments and used in operating activities is also reported in Corporate identifiable assets and Corporate capital expenditures. Corporate identifiable assets include shared net property balances of   $264.8 million  ,   $266.8 million   and   $294.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, for which depreciation expense has been allocated to segment operating earnings based on the expected benefit to be realized by each segment. Corporate capital expenditures include   $50.7 million  ,   $36.7 million   and   $56.2 million   in   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, that will be shared by our operating segments. 
  We conduct a significant portion of our business activities outside the United States. The following tables present sales and property by geographic region (in millions): 

We attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination. 
  In most countries, we sell primarily through independent distributors in conjunction with our direct sales force. In other countries, we sell through a combination of our direct sales force and to a lesser extent, through independent distributors. We sell large systems and service offerings principally through our direct sales force, though opportunities are sometimes identified through distributors. Sales to our largest distributor in   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , which are attributable to both segments, were approximately   10 percent   of our total sales. 
   
  16. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 

Note: The sum of the quarterly per share amounts will not necessarily equal the annual per share amounts presented. 
  
   77 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

17. Rocky Flats Settlement 
  From 1975 to 1989, Rockwell International Corporation (RIC) operated the Rocky Flats facility in Colorado for the U.S. Department of Energy (DoE).  In 1990, a class of landowners near Rocky Flats sued RIC and Dow Chemical, another former operator of the facility.  In May 2016, the parties agreed to settle this case and the DoE authorized the settlement.  Under the settlement agreement, which is subject to court approval, we and Dow Chemical will pay   $375.0 million   in the aggregate   to resolve the claims.    Under RIC s contract with the DoE and federal law, RIC is entitled to indemnification by the DoE for the settlement amount.  When RIC was acquired by Boeing in 1996, we agreed to indemnify Boeing for RIC s liabilities related to Rocky Flats and received the benefits of RIC s corresponding indemnity rights against the DoE.    We expect to be fully reimbursed by the DoE for our obligation of   $243.75 million     under the settlement, either before or after we pay the amounts due.  We expect to pay up to   $242.5 million     within the next 12 months.      We will promptly pursue reimbursement from the DoE; however, it is uncertain whether the government indemnification and reimbursement process will be completed by the time payment is due.    At   September 30, 2016  , the liability is included within other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  An indemnification receivable of   $243.75 million   at   September 30, 2016   is also included within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

78 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  To the Board of Directors and Shareowners of 
  Rockwell Automation, Inc. 
  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the  Company ) as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and shareowners  equity for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Rockwell Automation, Inc. as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on the criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission  . 
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
  November 15, 2016    

79 

Table of Contents  

Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
  None. 
   
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness, as of   September 30, 2016  , of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon that evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   has been audited by Deloitte   Touche LLP, as stated in their report that is included on the previous two pages. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of the changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.      Other Information 
  None. 
  
   80 

Table of Contents  

PART III 

Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
  Other than the information below, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled   Election of Directors  ,   Board of Directors and Committees   and   Section 16(a)     Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   in the Proxy Statement. 
  No nominee for director was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the nominee and any person other than the Company pursuant to which such person is or was to be selected as a director or nominee. See also the information about executive officers of the Company under Item 4A of Part I. 
  We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of our Code of Conduct is posted on our Internet site at   http://www.rockwellautomation.com   under the "Investors" link.  In the event that we amend or grant any waiver from a provision of the code of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer and that requires disclosure under applicable SEC rules, we intend to disclose such amendment or waiver and the reasons therefor on our Internet site. 
   
  Item 11.       Executive Compensation 
  The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled   Executive Compensation  ,   Director Compensation   and   Compensation Committee Report   in the Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 12.       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
  Other than the information below, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled   Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company   in the Proxy Statement. 
  The following table provides information as of   September 30, 2016   about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights granted to employees, consultants or directors under all of our existing equity compensation plans, including our 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan and 2003 Directors Stock Plan. 

Number of Securities to be issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
      
    Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
      
    Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding Securities reflected in Column (a)) 
      
      Plan Category 
      
    (a) 
      
    (b) 
      
    (c) 
      
      Equity compensation plans approved by shareowners 
      
    5,603,965 
      
     (1)   
    $ 
    90.96 
      
     (2)   
    6,657,783 
      
     (3)   
      Equity compensation plans not approved by shareowners 

n/a 

Total 
      
    5,603,965 

$ 
    90.96 

6,657,783 

(1) 
    Represents outstanding options and shares issuable in payment of outstanding performance shares (at maximum payout) and restricted stock units under our 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan and 2003 Directors Stock Plan. 
              (2) 
    Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding options and does not take into account the performance shares and restricted units. 
      
   81 

Table of Contents  

Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
  The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled   Board of Directors and Committees   and   Corporate Governance   in the Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 14.       Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
  The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled   Audit Matters   in the Proxy Statement. 
  
   82 

Table of Contents  

PART IV 

Item 15.       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
    
  (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits 
    
           (1) 
    Financial Statements (all financial statements listed below are those of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries) 

Page 
      
      Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
      
    S-1 

Schedules not filed herewith are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the information called for is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

83 

     Table of Contents  

*10-a-3 

Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 7, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-a-4 

Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2003 Directors Stock Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on September 3, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10-b-16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-a-5 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Section 6 of the Company s 2003 Director s Stock Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-a-6 

Copy of the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 5, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-a-7 

Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation and Benefits as of October 1, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-1 

Copy of the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended through February 4, 2004, filed as Exhibit 10-e-1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-2 

Memorandum of Proposed Amendments to the Rockwell International Corporation 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on June 6, 2001, in connection with the spinoff of Rockwell Collins, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10-e-4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-3 

Forms of Stock Option Agreements under the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, filed as Exhibit 10-e-6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002, are hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-4 

Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 7, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-5 

Memorandum of Amendments to the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-6 

Memorandum of Proposed Amendment and Restatement of the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 7, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-7 

Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 1, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-b-8 

Copy of resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, adopted December 5, 2007 and effective February 6, 2008, amending the Company s 2000 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-1 

Copy of the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended and restated through June 4, 2010, filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-2 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-3 

Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 1, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-4 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 6, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

84 

     Table of Contents  

*10-c-5 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended, for options granted to executive officers of the Company after November 30, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-6 

Copy of the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan, as amended and restated through February 2, 2016, filed as Exhibit 4-c to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-209706), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-7 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for options granted to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-8 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for shares of restricted stock awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-c-9 

Form of Performance Share Agreement under the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentives Plan for performance shares awarded to executive officers of the Company after December 5, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-d 

Copy of resolutions of the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, adopted February 5, 2003, regarding the Corporate Office vacation plan, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-e-1 

Copy of the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated September 6, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10-f to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-e-2 

Memorandum of Proposed Amendment and Restatement of the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 7, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-f-1 

Copy of the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan for Senior Executive Officers, as amended December 3, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10-h-1 to the Company s Annual Report for the year ended September 30, 2004, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-f-2 

Copy of the Company s Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-g-1 

Change of Control Agreement dated as of September 30, 2016 between the Company and Blake D. Moret, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 4, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-g-2 

Form of Change of Control Agreement dated as of September 30, 2016 between the Company and each of Theodore D. Crandall, Douglas M. Hagerman, Frank C. Kulaszewicz and John P. McDermott and certain other corporate officers filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 4, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-g-3 

Letter Agreement dated September 3, 2009 between the Company and Keith D. Nosbusch, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-g-4 

Letter Agreement dated September 3, 2009 between Registrant and Theodore D. Crandall, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      *10-g-5 

Letter Agreement dated July 1, 2016 between Registrant and Blake D. Moret, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-h-1 

Agreement and Plan of Distribution dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation), Allen-Bradley Company, Inc., Rockwell Collins, Inc., Rockwell Semiconductor Systems, Inc., Rockwell Light Vehicle Systems, Inc. and Rockwell Heavy Vehicle Systems, Inc., filed as Exhibit l0-b to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

85 

     Table of Contents  

10-h-2 

Post-Closing Covenants Agreement dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), The Boeing Company, Boeing NA, Inc. and the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation), filed as Exhibit 10-c to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-h-3 

Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of December 6, 1996, among Rockwell International Corporation (renamed Boeing North American, Inc.), the Company (formerly named New Rockwell International Corporation) and The Boeing Company, filed as Exhibit 10-d to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-i-l 

Distribution Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-i-2 

Employee Matters Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-i-3 

Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of September 30, 1997 by and between the Company and Meritor Automotive, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 1997, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-j-1 

Distribution Agreement dated as of December 31, 1998 by and between the Company and Conexant Systems, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 1999, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-j-2 

Amended and Restated Employee Matters Agreement dated as of December 31, 1998 by and between the Company and Conexant Systems, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 1999, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-j-3 

Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of December 31, 1998 by and between the Company and Conexant Systems, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 1999, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-k-1 

Distribution Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and among the Company, Rockwell Collins, Inc. and Rockwell Scientific Company LLC, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-k-2 

Employee Matters Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and among the Company, Rockwell Collins, Inc. and Rockwell Scientific Company LLC, filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-k-3 

Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001 by and between the Company and Rockwell Collins, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-l 

$1,000,000,000 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 24, 2015 among the Company, the Banks listed on the signature pages thereof, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Syndication Agents, and The Bank of New York Mellon, BMO Harris Bank N.A., Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., The Northern Trust Company, PNC Bank National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents, filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 27, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-m 

Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 24, 2005 by and between the Company and First Industrial Acquisitions, Inc., including the form of Lease Agreement attached as Exhibit I thereto, together with the First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of September 30, 2005 and the Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of October 31, 2005, filed as Exhibit 10-p to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-n-1 

Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2006, by and among Rockwell Automation, Inc., Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc., Rockwell Automation Canada Control Systems, Grupo Industrias Reliance S.A. de C.V., Rockwell Automation GmbH (formerly known as Rockwell International GmbH) and Baldor Electric Company, contained in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      10-n-2 

First Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2007 by and among Rockwell Automation, Inc., Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc., Rockwell Automation Canada Control Systems, Grupo Industrias Reliance S.A. de C.V., Rockwell Automation GmbH and Baldor Electric Company, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      12 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the Five Years Ended September 30, 2016. 

86 

     Table of Contents  

21 

List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
      23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
      24 

Powers of Attorney authorizing certain persons to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of certain directors and officers of the Company. 
      31.1 

Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
      31.2 

Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
      32.1 

Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2 

Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101 

Interactive Data Files. 

_________________________ 
                   * 
      
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

87 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or     15(d)     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                     
    ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 

By 
    /s/ T  HEODORE   D. C  RANDALL 

Theodore D. Crandall 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:   November 15, 2016    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on the   15  th day of   November 2016   by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
                 By 
    /s/ T  HEODORE   D. C  RANDALL 
        
    Theodore D. Crandall 
        
    Senior Vice President and 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

By 
    /s/ D  AVID   M. D  ORGAN 
        
    David M. Dorgan 
        
    Vice President and Controller 
        
    (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Blake D. Moret* 
        
    President and 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 
        
    and Director 

Keith D. Nosbusch* 
        
    Chairman of the Board 

Betty C. Alewine* 
        
    Director 

J. Phillip Holloman* 
        
    Director 

Steven R. Kalmanson* 
        
    Director 

James P. Keane* 
        
    Director 

Lawrence D. Kingsley* 
        
    Director 

William T. McCormick, Jr.* 
        
    Director 

Donald R. Parfet * 
        
    Director 

Lisa A. Payne* 
        
    Director 

Thomas W. Rosamilia* 
        
    Director 

*By 
    /s/ D  OUGLAS   M. H  AGERMAN 
        
    Douglas M. Hagerman, Attorney-in-fact** 

**By 
    authority of powers of attorney filed herewith 

88 

Table of Contents  

SCHEDULE II 
  ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 
  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
  For the Years Ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

(a) 
    Includes allowances for current and other long-term receivables. 

(b) 
    Consists of amounts written off for the allowance for doubtful accounts and adjustments resulting from our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, capital losses, or net operating loss carryforwards for which a valuation allowance had previously been recorded. 

* 
    Amounts reported relate to continuing operations in all periods presented. 

89 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS* 

Exhibit No. 
    Exhibit 

12 
      
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the Five Years Ended September 30, 2016. 

21 
      
    List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23 
      
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24 
      
    Powers of Attorney authorizing certain persons to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of certain directors and officers of the Company. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
      
    Certification of Periodic Report by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
      
    Interactive Data Files. 

* 
      
    See Part IV, Item 15(a)(3) for exhibits incorporated by reference. 

90 

<EX-12>
 2
 rok10k2016ex12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12 
  ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES   (1)   

(1) 
    In computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, earnings are defined as income from continuing operations before income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting change, adjusted for minority interest in income or loss of subsidiaries, undistributed earnings of affiliates, and fixed charges exclusive of capitalized interest. Fixed charges consist of interest on borrowings and that portion of rentals deemed representative of the interest factor. 

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 3
 rok10k2016ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21 
  ROCKWELL AUTOMATION, INC. 
    
  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY  
  AS OF   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

Percentage of Voting 
  Securities Owned By 
      Name 
      
    Jurisdiction 
      
    Registrant 
      
    Subsidiary 
      Anorad Corporation  
      
    New York 
      
    100 
    % 

MagneMotion Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      
    100 
    % 

Maverick Technologies Holdings, LLC 
      
    Missouri 
      
    100 
    % 

Maverick Technologies, LLC 
      
    Missouri 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation (China) Company Limited 
      
    China 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Switzerland G.m.b.H 
      
    Switzerland 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Asia Pacific Business Center PTE. Ltd.  
      
    Singapore 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Australia Ltd.  
      
    Australia 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation B.V.  
      
    Netherlands 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Canada Holdings Inc.  
      
    Canada 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Canada Ltd. 
      
    Canada 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Control Solutions (Harbin) Co., Ltd. 
      
    China 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation de Mexico S.A. de C.V.  
      
    Mexico 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation do Brasil Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 
      
    100 
    % 

Rockwell Automation Europe B.V.  
      
    Netherlands 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation G.m.b.H.  
      
    Germany 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Germany G.m.b.H.   Co. KG 
      
    Germany 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation India Private Limited 
      
    India 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation International Holdings LLC  
      
    Delaware 
      
    100 
    % 

Rockwell Automation Korea Ltd. 
      
    Korea 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Limited  
      
    United Kingdom 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation L.L.C. 
      
    United Arab Emirates 

49 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Manufacturing (Shanghai) Limited  
      
    China 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Monterrey Manufacturing S de RL de CV 
      
    Mexico 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation of Ohio, Inc. 
      
    Ohio 
      
    100 
    % 

Rockwell Automation Proprietary Limited  
      
    South Africa 

74.99999 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Solutions G.m.b.H. 
      
    Germany 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Sp. z.o.o. 
      
    Poland 

100 
    % 
      Rockwell Automation Technologies, Inc.  
      
    Ohio 
      
    100 
    % 

Rockwell European Holdings Ltd. 
      
    England 

100 
    % 

Listed above are certain subsidiaries included in our consolidated financial statements. Unlisted subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, do not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 rok10k2016ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23 
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-38444, 333-101780, 333-113041, 333-149581, 333-150019, 333-157203, 333-165727, 333-180557, 333-184400, 333-205022, and 333-209706 on Form S-8 and Nos. 333-24685 and 333-202013 on Form S-3 of our report dated   November 15, 2016  , relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Rockwell Automation, Inc. and the effectiveness of Rockwell Automation Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc. for the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
    
  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
  November 15, 2016    

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 rok10k2016ex24.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

Exhibit 

Exhibit 24 
  POWER OF ATTORNEY  
  I, the undersigned Director or Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby appoint DOUGLAS M. HAGERMAN and THEODORE D. CRANDALL, and each of them singly, my true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for me, and in my name and in the capacity or capacities indicated below, 
                 1. 
    the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and any amendments thereto; 

2. 
    any and all amendments (including supplements and post-effective amendments) to 

3. 
    any and all amendments (including supplements and post-effective amendments) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-24685) registering 

a) 
    certain shares of Common Stock acquired by permitted transferees upon the exercise of transferable options assigned to them by certain participants in the Company s 1988 Long-Term Incentives Plan in accordance with that Plan; 

b) 
    the offer and resale by any such permitted transferee who may be deemed to be an  affiliate  of the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (an Affiliate Selling Shareowner), of Common Stock so acquired by such Affiliate Selling Shareowner upon exercise of any such transferable option; and 

4. 
    any and all amendments (including supplements and post-effective amendments) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-202013) registering an indeterminate amount of debt securities of the Company in one or more series. 

Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 

/s/ Blake D. Moret 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director 
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Blake D. Moret 

/s/ Keith D. Nosbusch 
      
    Chairman of the Board 
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Keith D. Nosbusch 

/s/ Betty C. Alewine 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Betty C. Alewine 

/s/ J. Phillip Holloman 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      J. Phillip Holloman 

/s/ Steven R. Kalmanson 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Steven R. Kalmanson 

/s/ James P. Keane 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      James P. Keane 

/s/ Lawrence D. Kingsley 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Lawrence D. Kingsley 

/s/ Willam T. McCormick, Jr. 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      William T. McCormick, Jr. 

/s/ Donald R. Parfet 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Donald R. Parfet 

/s/ Lisa A. Payne 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Lisa A. Payne 

/s/ Thomas W. Rosamilia 
      
    Director  
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Thomas W. Rosamilia 

/s/ Theodore D. Crandall 
      
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Theodore D. Crandall 

/s/ Douglas M. Hagerman 
      
    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
      
    November 2, 2016 
      Douglas M. Hagerman 

/s/ David M. Dorgan 
      
    Vice President and Controller (principal accounting officer) 
      
    November 2, 2016 
      David M. Dorgan 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 rok10k2016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Blake D. Moret, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc.; 
              2 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
               /s/ B  LAKE   D. M  ORET 
      Blake D. Moret President and Chief  Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 rok10k2016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Theodore D. Crandall, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rockwell Automation, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
               /  S  / T  HEODORE   D. C  RANDALL 
      Theodore D. Crandall 
      Senior Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 rok10k2016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
  I, Blake D. Moret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the  Company ) certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
  (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
               /s/ B  LAKE   D. M  ORET 
      Blake D. Moret President and Chief  Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 rok10k2016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
  I, Theodore D. Crandall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (the  Company ) certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
  (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
               /  S  / T  HEODORE   D. C  RANDALL 
      Theodore D. Crandall 
      Senior Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 rok-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 rok-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rok-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 rok-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 rok-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 rok-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

