<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1080056_0001615774-16-007950_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3097512</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80985</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>196687</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>669484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1304925</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>769569</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007950.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102133813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THESTREET, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001080056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NEWSPAPERS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING [2711]
		IRS NUMBER:				061515824
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25779
		FILM NUMBER:		161967047

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 WALL STREET,  15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 321 5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 WALL STREET,  15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	THESTREET COM
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007950.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 s104440_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _______________ 

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

Commission File Number 000-25779 

THESTREET, INC.  

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       06-1515824    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

14 Wall Street 

  New York, New York 10005  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

(212) 321-5000  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by a check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No         

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant as required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer      
Accelerated filer   x   Non-accelerated
filer       Smaller
reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

TheStreet, Inc.  

  Form 10-Q  

As of and for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016  

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      1   
 
      Item 1.  
       Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      4   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      5   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      15   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      24   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      24   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
      25   
 
      Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      25   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      25   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      25   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      25   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      25   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      26   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      27   

ii    

SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You
can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as  outlook,   believes,   expects, 
 potential,   continues,   may,   will,   should,   seeks, 
 approximately,   predicts,   intends,   plans,   estimates,   anticipates 
or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks
and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially
from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under  Risk
Factors  in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and as updated in this Quarterly
Report. Additional risk factors may be described from time to time in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless the context otherwise indicates,
references in this report to the terms  TheStreet,  the  Company,   we,   our 
and  us  refer to TheStreet, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

iii    

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

THESTREET, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements  

THESTREET, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements  

THESTREET, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements  

THESTREET, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements  

TheStreet, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (unaudited) 

1.  DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Business  

TheStreet, Inc., together with its wholly owned subsidiaries ("TheStreet", "we", "us" or the "Company"), is a leading financial
news and information company providing business and financial news, market data, investing ideas and analysis to personal
and institutional investors worldwide. The Company's collection of digital services provides users, subscribers and advertisers
with a variety of content and tools through a range of online, social media, tablet and mobile channels. The Company's portfolio
of consumer focused brands includes TheStreet, RealMoney and Action Alerts PLUS, providing personal business and financial
news and information. The Company's portfolio of institutional focused brands includes The Deal, providing intraday coverage
of mergers and acquisitions and all other changes in corporate control, BoardEx, providing dealmakers, advisers and institutional
investors with director and officer profiles and relationship capital management services, and RateWatch, primarily utilized
by the banking industry providing up-to-date rate information in several key price-setting areas, including deposits, loans
and fees. 

Unaudited Interim Financial
Statements 

The interim
consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent
with the Company s annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include
only normal recurring adjustments necessary to state fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and
its results of consolidated operations, comprehensive income and cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. The financial data and the other financial information disclosed in the notes to the financial statements related to
these periods are also unaudited. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other future annual or interim
period.  

There have
been no material changes in the significant accounting policies from those that were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016.
These financial statements should also be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
for the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 included herein was derived from
the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events for recognition or disclosure.  

Revenue Presentation on Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations  

During the three months ended March 31,
2016, the Company began to report revenue within Business to business and Business to consumer categories rather than Subscription
services and Media.   Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

Business to business revenue is primarily
comprised of subscriptions, licenses and fees for access to the Company s institutional products, including director and
officer profiles, relationship capital management services, and transactional information pertaining to the mergers and acquisitions
environment, rate services, events and other miscellaneous revenue. 

Business to consumer revenue is primarily
comprised of subscriptions, licenses and fees for access to the Company s personal finance products, including securities
investment information and stock market commentary, as well as the fees charged for the purchase and placement of advertising and
sponsorships across the Company s digital network and events along with other miscellaneous revenue. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The
core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five
step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition
process than are required under existing GAAP. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December
15, 2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date.  Early adoption of ASU 2014-09 is permitted but
not before the original effective date (annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016). When effective, ASU 2014-09 prescribes
either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each
prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients; or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative
effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures).  We
are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not
yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases  (ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record
a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified
as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into
after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU No. 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies various aspects
related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the consolidated financial statements. The amendments include
income tax consequences, the accounting for forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated
financial statements. 

2.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND RESTRICTED CASH   

The Company s cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash primarily consist of money market funds and checking accounts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
marketable securities consist of two municipal auction rate securities ( ARS ) issued by the District of Columbia with
a cost basis of approximately $1.9 million and a fair value of approximately $1.5 million and $1.6 million, respectively. With
the exception of the ARS, Company policy limits the maximum maturity for any investment to three years. The ARS mature in the year
2038. The Company accounts for its marketable securities in accordance with the provisions of ASC 320-10. The Company classifies
these securities as available for sale and the securities are reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and excluded from net loss as they are deemed temporary. Additionally, as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has a total of approximately $500 thousand and $661 thousand, respectively,
of cash that serves as collateral for outstanding letters of credit, and which cash is therefore restricted. The letters of credit
serve as security deposits for the Company s office space in New York City. 

3.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

The Company measures the fair value of its
financial instruments in accordance with ASC 820-10, which refines the definition of fair value, provides a framework for measuring
fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting
date. The statement establishes consistency and comparability by providing a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
valuation techniques into three broad levels, which are described below: 

Level 1: Inputs are quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (these are observable market
inputs).   

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted market prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability (includes
quoted market prices for similar assets or identical or similar assets in markets in which there are few transactions, prices that
are not current or vary substantially).   

Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs that reflect the entity s own assumptions in pricing the asset or liability (used
when little or no market data is available).   

Financial assets and liabilities included
in our financial statements and measured at fair value are classified based on the valuation technique level in the table below: 

(1)  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, totaling approximately $24.4 million and $29.1 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively, consist primarily of money market funds and checking accounts for which we determine fair
value through quoted market prices.   

(2)  Marketable securities consist of two municipal ARS issued by the District of Columbia having a fair value totaling approximately
$1.5 million and $1.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Historically, the fair value of ARS
investments approximated par value due to the frequent resets through the auction process. Due to events in credit markets, the
auction events, which historically have provided liquidity for these securities, have been unsuccessful. The result of a failed
auction is that these ARS holdings will continue to pay interest in accordance with their terms at each respective auction date;
however, liquidity of the securities will be limited until there is a successful auction, the issuer redeems the securities, the
securities mature or until such time as other markets for these ARS holdings develop. For each of our ARS, we evaluate the risks
related to the structure, collateral and liquidity of the investment, and forecast the probability of issuer default, auction failure,
a successful auction at par, or a redemption at par, for each future auction period. Temporary impairment charges are recorded
in accumulated other comprehensive loss, whereas other-than-temporary impairment charges are recorded in our consolidated statement
of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company determined that there was a decline in the fair value of its ARS investments
of $360 thousand from its cost basis, which was deemed temporary and was included within accumulated other comprehensive loss.
The Company used both a discounted cash flow and market approach model to determine the estimated fair value of its ARS investments.
The assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include estimates for interest rate, timing and amount of cash
flows and expected holding period of ARS.   

(3)  Contingent earn-out represents additional purchase consideration payable to the former shareholders of Management Diagnostics
Limited, which was acquired by the Company in October 2014, which earn-out payments are based upon the achievement of specific
2017 audited revenue benchmarks. The probability of achieving each benchmark is based on the Company s assessment of the
projected 2017 revenue. The present value of each probability weighted payment was calculated by discounting the probability weighted
payment by the corresponding present value factor.   

The following tables provide a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balance for the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3): 

4.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

The Company estimates the fair value of
stock option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This determination is affected by the Company s
stock price as well as assumptions regarding expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yields. Because
option-pricing models require the use of subjective assumptions, changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value
of the options. The assumptions in the table below represent the weighted-average value of the applicable assumptions used to value
stock option awards at their grant date. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of stock option awards granted during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.37 and $0.41, respectively. 

The value of each restricted stock unit
awarded is equal to the closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average
grant date fair value per share of restricted stock units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
$1.30 and $2.23, respectively. 

For both option and restricted stock unit
awards, the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service
periods. 

As of September 30, 2016, there remained
1.1 million shares available for future awards under the Company s 2007 Performance Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan ).
In connection with awards under both the 2007 Plan and awards issued outside of the Plan as inducement grants to new hires, the
Company recorded approximately $407 thousand and $1.3 million (inclusive of approximately $105 thousand included in restructuring
and other charges) of noncash stock-based compensation for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
as compared to approximately $388 thousand and $1.1 million of noncash stock-based compensation for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $2.4 million of unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense remaining to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years. 

A summary of the activity of the 2007 Plan,
and awards issued outside of the Plan pertaining to stock option grants is as follows: 

A summary of the
activity of the 2007 Plan pertaining to grants of restricted stock units is as follows: 

A summary of the status of the Company s
unvested share-based payment awards as of September 30, 2016 and changes in the nine month period then ended, is as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the total fair value of share-based awards vested was approximately $389 thousand and $692 thousand, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total intrinsic value of options exercised was $0 and $373, respectively
(there were no options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016). For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, approximately 2.9 million and 38 thousand stock options, respectively, were granted, and 0 and approximately 1 thousand
stock options, respectively, were exercised yielding $0 and approximately $1 thousand, respectively, of cash proceeds to the Company.
Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 558 thousand and 96 thousand restricted stock
units, respectively, were granted, and approximately 136 thousand and 133 thousand shares, respectively, were issued under restricted
stock unit grants. 

5.  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Treasury Stock  

In December 2000, the Company s Board
of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $10 million of the Company s Common Stock, from time to time, in private
purchases or in the open market. In February 2004, the Company s Board of Directors approved the resumption of the stock
repurchase program (the  Program ) under new price and volume parameters, leaving unchanged the maximum amount available
for repurchase under the Program. However, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, voting separately as a single class, is necessary for the Company to repurchase its Common Stock (except for
the purchase or redemption from employees, directors and consultants pursuant to agreements providing us with repurchase rights
upon termination of their service with us), unless after such purchase we have unrestricted cash (net of all indebtedness for borrowed
money, purchase money obligations, promissory notes or bonds) equal to at least two times the product obtained by multiplying the
number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time such dividend is paid by the liquidation preference. During
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not purchase any shares of Common Stock under the Program.
Since inception of the Program, the Company has purchased a total of 5,453,416 shares of Common Stock at an aggregate cost of approximately
$7.3 million. 

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the
Company s 2007 Plan, and certain procedures approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, in connection
with the exercise of stock options by certain of the Company s employees, and the issuance of shares of Common Stock in settlement
of vested restricted stock units, the Company may withhold shares in lieu of payment of the exercise price and/or the minimum amount
of applicable withholding taxes then due. Through September 30, 2016, the Company had withheld an aggregate of 1,674,760 shares
which have been recorded as treasury stock. In addition, the Company received an aggregate of 211,608 shares in treasury stock
resulting from prior acquisitions. 

Dividends  

Beginning with the first quarter of 2016,
the Company s Board of Directors suspended the payment of a quarterly dividend and will continue to evaluate the uses of
its cash in connection with planned investments in the business. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.025 per share on its Common Stock and its Series B Preferred Stock on a converted common share
basis. The dividend payment totaled approximately $979 thousand. When combined with the quarterly cash dividend paid during the
first and second quarters of 2015, dividend payments totaled approximately $3.0 million. 

6.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

Currently, we are not a party to any material
active litigation. In the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to periodic threats of lawsuits, investigations and claims.
Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources and other factors. 

7.  NET LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK   

Basic net loss per share is computed using
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed using the weighted
average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding during the period, so long as the inclusion of potential
common shares does not result in a lower net loss per share. Potential common shares consist of restricted stock units (using the
treasury stock method), the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options (using the treasury stock method),
and the conversion of the Company s convertible preferred stock (using the if-converted method). For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 1.4 million and 1.7 million unvested restricted stock units and vested and unvested
options to purchase Common Stock, respectively, were excluded from the calculation, as their effect would result in a lower net
loss per share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 1.2 million and 3.9 million unvested restricted
stock units and vested and unvested options to purchase Common Stock, respectively, were excluded from the calculation, as their
effect would result in a lower net loss per share. 

The following table reconciles the numerator
and denominator for the calculation. 

8.  INCOME TAXES   

Income tax expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $326 thousand and $950 thousand, respectively, and reflects an effective tax
rate of -36% and -19%, respectively, as compared to approximately $244 thousand and $731 thousand, respectively, for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting an effective tax rate of 41% and -130%, respectively. Income tax expense for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily relates to the recognition of $281 thousand and $842 thousand, respectively,
of a deferred tax liability associated with goodwill that is tax deductible but constitutes an indefinite lived intangible asset
for financial reporting purposes, as well as the recognition of $45 thousand and $108 thousand, respectively, of income tax expense
in certain jurisdictions where there are no net operating losses available to offset taxable income. Income tax expense for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily relates to the recognition of $180 thousand and $541 thousand, respectively,
of a deferred tax liability associated with goodwill that is tax deductible but constitutes an indefinite lived intangible asset
for financial reporting purposes, as well as the recognition of $64 thousand and $190 thousand, respectively, of income tax expense
in certain jurisdictions where there are no net operating losses available to offset taxable income. 

The Company accounts for its income taxes
in accordance with ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740-10 ). Under ASC 740-10, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases. ASC 740-10 also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation
allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized based on all available
positive and negative evidence. The Company had approximately $154 million of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards
as of December 31, 2015, which results in deferred tax assets of approximately $69 million. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
we maintain a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets due to our prior history of pre-tax losses and uncertainty
about the timing of and ability to generate taxable income in the future and our assessment that the realization of the deferred
tax assets did not meet the  more likely than not  criterion under ASC 740-10. We expect to continue to maintain a
full valuation allowance until, or unless, we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to utilize these
assets. 

Subject to potential Section 382 limitations
as discussed below, the federal losses are available to offset future taxable income through 2035 and expire from 2019 through
2035. Since the Company does business in various states and each state has its own rules with respect to the number of years losses
may be carried forward, the state net operating loss carryforwards expire from 2016 through 2035. The net operating loss carryforward
as of December 31, 2015 includes approximately $16 million related to windfall tax benefits for which a benefit would be recorded
to additional paid in capital when realized. Based on operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and three
month projections, management expects to generate a tax loss in 2016 and no tax benefit has been recorded. 

In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the ability to utilize the Company s net operating loss carryforwards could be limited in the event of a change
in ownership and as such a portion of the existing net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitation. 

9.  BUSINESS CONCENTRATIONS AND CREDIT RISK   

Financial instruments that subject the Company
to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The Company maintains all of
its cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in seven financial institutions, and performs periodic evaluations of the relative
credit standing of these institutions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
primarily consisted of money market funds and checking accounts. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, no individual client accounted for 10% or more of consolidated revenue. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, no individual client accounted for more than 10% of our gross accounts receivable balance. 

The Company s customers are primarily
concentrated in the United States and Europe, and we carry accounts receivable balances. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations,
generally does not require collateral, and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
risk of customers, historical trends and other information. To date, actual losses have been within management s expectations. 

10.  RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER CHARGES   

During the three months ended March 31,
2016, the Company announced the resignation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, who was also a member
of the Company s Board of Directors. In connection with this resignation, the Company paid severance, will provide continuing
medical coverage for 18 months, and incurred recruiting fees, resulting in restructuring and other charges of approximately $1.5
million. 

The following table displays the activity
of the restructuring reserve account during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

During the year ended December 31, 2012,
the Company implemented a targeted reduction in force. Additionally, in assessing the ongoing needs of the organization, the Company
elected to discontinue using certain software as a service, consulting and data providers, and elected to write-off certain previously
capitalized software development projects. The actions were taken after a review of the Company s cost structure with the
goal of better aligning the cost structure with the Company s revenue base. These restructuring efforts resulted in restructuring
and other charges of approximately $3.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2012. Additionally, as a result of the Company s
acquisition of The Deal, LLC ( The Deal ) in September 2012, the Company discontinued the use of The Deal s office
space and implemented a reduction in force to eliminate redundant positions, resulting in restructuring and other charges of approximately
$3.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

In August 2015, the Company received a one
year notice of termination under which the landlord elected to terminate The Deal s office space lease. As a result, the
Company was no longer obligated to fulfill the original full lease term. As such, the Company recorded an adjustment to its restructuring
reserve totaling approximately $1.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and also received a
lease termination fee of approximately $583 thousand from the landlord when the office space was vacated in August 2016, resulting
in a restructuring and other charges credit on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Collectively,
these activities are referred to as the  2012 Restructuring . 

The following table displays the activity
of the 2012 Restructuring reserve account during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Other liabilities consist of the following: 

12.  STATE AND MUNICIPAL SALES TAX   

In accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, we make a provision for a liability for taxes when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
of the liability can be reasonably estimated.  These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the
impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular
case.  For a period of time, we did not collect or remit state or municipal sales tax on the charges to our customers for
our services in certain states which may be required, except that we historically complied with New York sales tax.  As such,
we are currently conducting a review of these matters, and we have a reserve of $1.2 million included within accrued expenses as
of September 30, 2016 as our best estimate of the potential tax exposure for any unresolved retroactive assessment. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read together with our interim consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with information contained in our other filings, including the audited consolidated
financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

This discussion may contain forward-looking
statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under  Risk
Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in other parts of this report.  

Overview   

TheStreet, Inc., together with its wholly owned subsidiaries ("TheStreet", "we", "us" or the "Company"), is a leading financial
news and information company providing business and financial news, market data, investing ideas and analysis to personal
and institutional investors worldwide. The Company's collection of digital services provides users, subscribers and advertisers
with a variety of content and tools through a range of online, social media, tablet and mobile channels. The Company's portfolio
of consumer focused brands includes TheStreet, RealMoney and Action Alerts PLUS, providing personal business and financial
news and information. The Company's portfolio of institutional focused brands includes The Deal, providing intraday coverage
of mergers and acquisitions and all other changes in corporate control, BoardEx, providing dealmakers, advisers and institutional
investors with director and officer profiles and relationship capital management services, and RateWatch, primarily utilized
by the banking industry providing up-to-date rate information in several key price-setting areas, including deposits, loans
and fees. 

We report revenue in two categories: business
to business and business to consumer. Business to business revenue is primarily comprised of subscriptions, licenses and fees for
access to director and officer profiles, relationship capital management services, and transactional information pertaining to
the mergers and acquisitions environment, rate services, events and other miscellaneous revenue. Business to consumer revenue is
primarily comprised of subscriptions, licenses and fees for access to securities investment information and stock market commentary,
fees charged for the placement of advertising and sponsorships within TheStreet and its affiliated properties, and other miscellaneous
revenue. 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and
the effects of revisions are reflected in the condensed consolidated financial statements in the period they are deemed to be necessary.
Significant estimates made in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

useful lives of intangible assets,     

useful lives of fixed assets,    

the carrying value of goodwill, intangible assets and marketable securities,    

allowances for doubtful accounts and deferred tax assets,     

accrued expense estimates,    

reserves for estimated tax liabilities,    

certain estimates and assumptions used in the calculation of the fair
value of equity compensation issued to employees,    

restructuring charges, and    

the calculation of a contingent earn-out payment from the acquisition
of Management Diagnostics Limited.    

We perform annual impairment tests of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1 each year and between annual tests whenever circumstances arise that indicate
a possible impairment might exist. 

In conducting our 2015 annual goodwill impairment
test with the assistance of our independent appraisal firm, we used the market approach for the valuation of our common stock and
the income approach for our preferred shares. We also performed an income approach by using the discounted cash flow ( DCF )
method to confirm the reasonableness of the results of the common stock market approach. Based on these approaches, we determined
the Company s business enterprise value (common equity plus preferred equity) exceeded its book value. The fair value of
our outstanding preferred shares requires significant judgments, including the estimation of the amount of time until a liquidation
event occurs as well as an appropriate cash flow discount rate. Further, in assigning a fair value to our preferred stock, we also
considered that the preferred shareholders are entitled to receive a $55 million liquidation preference upon liquidation or dissolution
of the Company or upon any change of control event. Additionally, the holders of the preferred shares are entitled to receive dividends
and to vote as a single class together with the holders of the common stock on an as-converted basis and, provided certain preferred
share ownership levels are maintained, are entitled to representation on our board of directors and may unilaterally block issuance
of certain classes of capital stock, the purchase or redemption of certain classes of capital stock, including common stock (with
certain exceptions) and any increases in the per-share amount of dividends payable to the holders of the common stock. 

In conducting our 2015 annual indefinite-lived
intangible asset impairment test with the assistance of our independent appraisal firm, we determined its fair value using the
relief-from-royalty method. This analysis calculated the fair value as the present value of the future expenses avoided by owning
the indefinite-lived trade name rather than having to license its use. We selected an appropriate royalty rate by reviewing licensing
transactions for similar assets between service businesses, with a focus on companies that operate in industries similar to ours.
Based upon the analysis, we concluded that the book value of the indefinite-lived trade name was not impaired as of the October
1, 2015 valuation date. 

A decrease in the price of our common stock,
or changes in the estimated value of our preferred shares, could materially affect the determination of the fair value and could
result in an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill, which could be material to our financial position and
results of operations. 

A summary of our critical accounting policies
and estimates can be found in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Contingencies  

Accounting for contingencies, including
those matters described in the Commitments and Contingencies section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s 2015 Form 10-K, is highly subjective and requires the use of judgments
and estimates in assessing their magnitude and likely outcome. In many cases, the outcomes of such matters will be determined by
third parties, including governmental or judicial bodies. The provisions made in the consolidated financial statements, as well
as the related disclosures, represent management s best estimate of the then current status of such matters and their potential
outcome based on a review of the facts and in consultation with outside legal counsel where deemed appropriate. The Company would
record a material loss contingency in its consolidated financial statements if the loss is both probable of occurring and reasonably
estimated. The Company regularly reviews contingencies and as new information becomes available may, in the future, adjust its
associated liabilities. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

Business
to business .   Business to business revenue is primarily comprised of subscriptions, licenses
and fees for access to director and officer profiles, relationship capital management services, and transactional information pertaining
to the mergers and acquisitions environment, rate services, events and other miscellaneous revenue.   

Business to business revenue increased
by $41 thousand, or 1%, over the periods. The increase was the result of an event held by The Deal that resulted in revenue
totaling approximately $142 thousand. There were no events held during the same period last year. This increase was partially
offset by de minimis decreases in revenue from our The Deal, BoardEx and RateWatch products. Revenue from our BoardEx product
was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar in relation to the British Pound. 

Business
to consumer   .    Business
to consumer revenue is primarily comprised of subscriptions, licenses and fees for access to securities investment information
and stock market commentary, fees charged for the placement of advertising and sponsorships within TheStreet and its affiliated
properties, and other miscellaneous revenue.  

Business to consumer revenue decreased by
approximately $1.5 million, or 16%, over the periods. The decrease was primarily related to a $1.1 million, or 16% decline in revenue
related to TheStreet newsletter products resulting from a 15% decrease in the weighted-average number of subscriptions combined
with a 1% decrease in the average revenue recognized per subscription. Additionally, advertising revenue decreased by $337 thousand,
or 14%, resulting from decreased demand from repeat advertisers. 

Operating Expense   

Cost of services.  Cost of services
expense consists primarily of compensation, benefits, outside contributor costs related to the creation of our content, licensed
data and the technology required to publish our content. 

Cost of services expense decreased by approximately
$783 thousand, or 9%, over the periods. The decrease was primarily the result of reduced compensation, consulting, outside contributor,
data and revenue share payments made to certain distribution partners, the aggregate of which decreased by approximately $840 thousand.
These cost decreases were partially offset by costs resulting from an event held by MDL totaling approximately $80 thousand. There
were no events held during the same period last year. 

Sales and marketing.  Sales and marketing
expense consists primarily of compensation expense for the direct sales force, marketing services, and customer service departments,
advertising and promotion expenses and credit card processing fees. 

Sales and marketing expense increased by
approximately $33 thousand, or 1%, over the periods. The increase was primarily the result of higher consulting and advertising
and promotion costs, the aggregate of which increased by approximately $85 thousand. These cost increases were partially offset
by lower commission payments, which decreased by approximately $46 thousand resulting from reduced sales. 

General and administrative . General
and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation for general management, finance, technology, legal and administrative
personnel, occupancy costs, professional fees, insurance and other office expenses. 

General and administrative expense increased
by approximately $163 thousand, or 4%, over the periods. The increase was primarily the result of higher compensation and related
costs resulting from increased headcount, combined with higher travel and entertainment costs, the aggregate of which increased
by approximately $302 thousand. This increase was partially offset by foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased expenses
by approximately $143 thousand over the periods. 

Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation
and amortization expense was essentially flat over the periods. 

Restructuring and other charges.  In
August 2015, the Company received a one year notice of termination under which the landlord elected to terminate The Deal s
office space lease. As a result, the Company was no longer obligated to fulfill the original full lease term. As such, the Company
recorded an adjustment to its restructuring reserve totaling approximately $1.2 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015, and also received a lease termination credit of approximately $583 thousand from the landlord when the office space was
vacated in August 2016. 

Net Interest Expense   

Net interest expense decreased by approximately
$19 thousand, or 61%, over the periods. The change was the result of higher interest income resulting from increased interest rates
combined with reduced interest expense related to the accretion of certain accrued expenses that were recorded in connection with
prior acquisitions. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

Income tax expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was $326 thousand, as compared to $244 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and reflects
an effective tax rate of -36% and 41%, respectively. Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
primarily relates to the recognition of $281 thousand and $180 thousand, respectively, of a deferred tax liability associated with
goodwill that is tax deductible but constitutes an indefinite lived intangible asset for financial reporting purposes, as well
as the recognition of $45 thousand and $64 thousand, respectively, of income tax expense in certain jurisdictions where there are
no net operating losses available to offset taxable income. 

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to
Common Stockholders   

Net loss attributable to common stockholders
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $1.2 million, or $0.03 per basic and diluted share, compared
to net income attributable to common stockholders totaling approximately $258 thousand, or $0.01 per basic and diluted share, for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

Business
to Business .   Business to business revenue increased by $304 thousand, or 1%, over the
periods. The increase was the result of events held by The Deal that resulted in revenue totaling approximately $474 thousand. There were no events held during the same period last year. In addition, we experienced de minimis
increases in revenue from our The Deal and BoardEx products. These increases were partially offset by a 2% decrease in revenue
from our RateWatch subsidiary resulting from a 6% decrease in the weighted-average number of subscriptions which was partially
offset by a 4% increase in the average revenue recognized per subscription resulting in an approximate $103 thousand revenue decline.
We also experienced a reduction of approximately $158 thousand in advertising and other miscellaneous revenue from The Deal. Revenue
from our BoardEx product was also negatively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar in relation to the British Pound.  

Business
to Consumer   .    Business
to consumer revenue decreased by approximately $3.4 million, or 12%, over the periods. The decrease was primarily related to a
15% decline in revenue related to TheStreet newsletter products resulting from a 13% decrease in the weighted-average number of
subscriptions combined with a 2% decrease in the average revenue recognized per subscription resulting in an approximate $3.2 million
revenue decline. Additionally, we experienced a decline in syndication revenue of approximately $237 thousand.  

Operating Expense   

Cost of services.  Cost of services
expense decreased by approximately $1.7 million, or 6%, over the periods. The decrease was primarily the result of reduced consulting,
compensation and related, outside contributor, recruiting, data, hosting, internet and travel and entertainment costs, the aggregate
of which decreased by approximately $2.0 million. These cost decreases were partially offset by costs resulting from events held
by The Deal and MDL totaling approximately $247 thousand. There were no events held during the same period last year. 

Sales and marketing.  Sales and marketing
expense decreased by approximately $694 thousand, or 6%, over the periods. The decrease was primarily the result of reduced compensation
and related costs primarily related to commission and bonus payments, advertising and promotion, advertising serving and credit
card processing costs, the aggregate of which decreased by approximately $851 thousand. These cost savings were partially offset
by higher public relations costs which increased by approximately $140 thousand. 

General and administrative . General
and administrative expense increased by approximately $1.7 million, or 15%, over the periods. The increase was primarily the result
of a $1.4 million provision recorded as an estimate for state and municipal sales tax not collected on sales to our customers or
remitted to various states and municipalities. Additional cost increases included higher professional, recruiting, consulting and
repair and maintenance costs, the aggregate of which increased by approximately $1.2 million. These cost increases were partially
offset by a reduction in compensation and related costs primarily resulting from the resignation in February of the Company s
CEO, reduced bad debt expenses and lower expenses resulting from more favorable exchange rates due to the strengthening US Dollar,
the aggregate of which decreased by approximately $716 thousand. 

Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation
and amortization expense decreased by approximately $189 thousand, or 6%, over the periods. The decrease was the result of increased
expense in the prior year period resulting from accelerating and fully depreciating the remaining book value of fixed assets acquired
from The Deal. 

Restructuring and other charges.  In
August 2015, the Company received a one year notice of termination under which the landlord elected to terminate The Deal s
office space lease. As a result, the Company was no longer obligated to fulfill the original full lease term. As such, the Company
recorded an adjustment to its restructuring reserve totaling approximately $1.2 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015 and also received a lease termination credit of approximately $583 thousand from the landlord when the office space was
vacated in August 2016 

During the three months ended March 31,
2016, the Company announced the resignation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, who was also a member
of the Company s Board of Directors. In connection with this resignation, the Company paid severance, will provide continuing
medical coverage for 18 months, and incurred recruiting fees, resulting in restructuring and other charges of approximately $1.5
million. Additionally, in August 2016 the Company received the lease termination fee from the landlord when The Deal s office
space was vacated resulting in a reduction to restructuring and other charges of approximately $583 thousand. 

Net Interest Expense   

Net interest expense decreased by approximately
$73 thousand, or 75%, over the periods. The change was the result of higher interest income resulting from increased interest rates
combined with reduced interest expense related to the accretion of certain accrued expenses that were recorded in connection with
prior acquisitions. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

Income tax expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $950 thousand, as compared to $731 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and reflects an
effective tax rate of -19% and -130%, respectively. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 primarily
relates to the recognition of $842 thousand and $541 thousand, respectively, of a deferred tax liability associated with goodwill
that is tax deductible but constitutes an indefinite lived intangible asset for financial reporting purposes, as well as the recognition
of $108 thousand and $190 thousand, respectively, of income tax expense in certain jurisdictions where there are no net operating
losses available to offset taxable income. 

Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders   

Net loss attributable to common stockholders
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $5.9 million, or $0.17 per basic and diluted share, compared
to net loss attributable to common stockholders totaling approximately $1.6 million, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our current assets as of September 30, 2016
totaled approximately $29.6 million and consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Our current liabilities
as of September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $31.5 million and consisted primarily of deferred revenue, accrued expenses and
accounts payable. With respect to many of our annual newsletter subscription products, we offer the ability to receive a refund
only during the first 30 days. We do not as a general matter offer refunds for advertising that has been delivered. 

Since inception, we have financed our operations
primarily through cash flows generated from operations. As of September 30, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities
and restricted cash totaled approximately $25.9 million, representing 28% of total assets. Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted
cash primarily consisted of money market funds and checking accounts. We generally have invested in money market funds and other
short-term, investment grade instruments that are highly liquid and of high quality, with the intent that such funds will be readily
available for acquisition and/or operating purposes. Our marketable securities consisted of two municipal auction rate securities
issued by the District of Columbia with a par value of approximately $1.9 million and a fair value of approximately $1.5 million
that mature in the year 2038. Our total cash-related position is as follows: 

Financial instruments that subject us to
concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. We maintain all of our cash, cash
equivalents and restricted cash in seven financial institutions, and we perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing
of these institutions. 

Net cash used in operating activities for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $1.5 million, a de minimis change from the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015. The change in net cash used in operating activities over the periods included an increased net loss and
the change in the balance of deferred revenue over the periods, partially offset by the change in the balances of accrued expenses,
other liabilities and accounts receivable over the periods. 

Net cash used in investing activities for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $2.5 million, as compared to net cash used in investing activities
totaling approximately $492 thousand for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The reduction in cash flows from investing
activities was primarily the result of the maturity of a marketable security during the three months ended March 31, 2015. 

Net cash used in financing activities for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $18 thousand, as compared to net cash used in financing activities
totaling approximately $3.0 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in financing
activities was primarily the result of the suspension of cash dividend payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

We currently have a total of approximately
$500 thousand of cash that serves as collateral for an outstanding letter of credit, which cash is classified as restricted. The
letter of credit serves as a security deposit for the Company s headquarters in New York City. 

We believe that our current cash and cash
equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. We are committed to cash expenditures
in an aggregate amount of approximately $5.2 million through September 30, 2017, primarily related to operating leases and minimum
payments due under an employment agreement. 

As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately
$154 million of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, which results in deferred tax assets of approximately $69 million.
Based on operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and three month projections, management expects to generate
a tax loss in 2016 and no tax benefit has been recorded. We maintain a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets
as management concluded that it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets by generating
sufficient taxable income in future years. We expect to continue to maintain a full valuation allowance until, or unless, we can
sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to utilize these assets. 

In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards could be limited in the event of a change in ownership
and as such a portion of the existing net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitation. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Treasury Stock   

Pursuant to the terms of the Company s
2007 Performance Incentive Plan, and certain procedures adopted by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors, in connection
with the exercise of stock options by certain of our employees, and the issuance of shares of Common Stock in settlement of vested
restricted stock units, we may withhold shares in lieu of payment of the exercise price and/or the minimum amount of applicable
withholding taxes then due. Through September 30, 2016, we have withheld an aggregate of 1,674,760 shares which have been recorded
as treasury stock. In addition, we received an aggregate of 211,608 shares in treasury stock resulting from prior acquisitions. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary
course of our business. However, we believe that our market risk exposures are immaterial as we do not have instruments for trading
purposes, and reasonable possible near-term changes in market rates or prices will not result in material near-term losses in earnings,
material changes in fair values or cash flows for all instruments. 

We
maintain all of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in seven financial institutions, and we perform periodic evaluations
of the relative credit standing of these institutions. However, no assurances can be given that the third party institutions will
retain acceptable credit ratings or investment practices.  

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  

Historically, the majority of our revenue
and expenses have been denominated in the U.S. Dollar and therefore we have not previously experienced material fluctuations
in our net income as a result of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. Following our acquisition of MDL, however, we have
had greater exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, in particular with respect to the British Pound. Accordingly,
our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates. Fluctuations in currency
exchange rates could result in translation gains and losses when we consolidate our results and harm our business. Because we conduct
a growing portion of our business outside the U.S. but report our results in U.S. Dollars, we face exposure to adverse movements
in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations. For example,
if the U.S. Dollar strengthens relative to the British Pound, our non-U.S. revenue and operating results would be adversely affected
when translated into U.S. Dollars. Conversely, a decline in the U.S. Dollar relative to the British Pound would increase our non-U.S.
revenue and operating results when translated into U.S. Dollars. At this time, we do not, but we may in the future, enter into
derivatives or other financial instruments in order to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the
impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. 

The effect of a 10% adverse change in exchange
rates would have resulted in an approximate $744 thousand reduction to revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with
an offsetting reduction to operating expenses of approximately $524 thousand, and a decrease in the value of the Company s
assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 of approximately $2.7 million and $471 thousand, respectively. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of
a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  

Currently, we are not a party to any material
active litigation. In the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to periodic threats of lawsuits, investigations and claims.
Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources and other factors. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A.
Risk Factors  in our 2015 Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to the risk factors described in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  

Not applicable. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

The following exhibits are filed herewith
or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission: 

*  Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration
statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

THESTREET, INC.   

Date: November 2, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ David Callaway   

Name:   
      David Callaway   

Title:  
      President   Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

Date: November 2, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Eric F. Lundberg   

Name:  
      Eric F. Lundberg   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are filed herewith
or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission: 

*  Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration
statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104440_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, David Callaway, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TheStreet, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 2, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ David Callaway   

Name:  
      David Callaway   

Title:  
      President   Chief Executive Officer    

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104440_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Eric F. Lundberg, certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TheStreet, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 2, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Eric F. Lundberg   

Name:  
      Eric F. Lundberg   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104440_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TheStreet,
Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David Callaway, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)         The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)         The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ David Callaway  

Name: David Callaway  

  Title: President   Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)  

  November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104440_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TheStreet,
Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Eric F. Lundberg, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Eric F. Lundberg  

Name: Eric F. Lundberg 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

 November 2, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

