<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1174891_0001493152-16-014847_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2492969</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84108</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>175447</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>669948</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>910455</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>591996</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014847.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114102232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014847
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RealSource Residential, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50331
		FILM NUMBER:		161991712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE SUGAR CREEK CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-929-3863

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE SUGAR CREEK CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UPSTREAM BIOSCIENCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FORCE ENERGY CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UPSTREAM BIOSCIENCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014847.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

Commission
File No. 000-50331   

REALSOURCE
    RESIDENTIAL, INC.    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
         
       98-0371433    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer    
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

(Former
    name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

[  ]  
      Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer   
 
      [  ]  
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [X]  
      Smaller
    reporting company   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange ct): Yes [X] No [  ]  

As
of November 11, 2016, the registrant had 15,719,645 shares of common stock outstanding.  

RealSource
Residential, Inc.   

Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page    

Cautionary
    Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    
      -ii-   

PART
    1-FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
        Financial
    Statements (unaudited)    
      F-1   

Balance
    Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015     
      F-2   

Statements
    of Operations for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)     
      F-3   

Statement
    of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)     
      F-4   

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)     
      F-5   

Notes
    to Financial Statements    
      F-6   

Item
    2.  
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      1   

Item
    3.  
        Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
      4   

Item
    4.  
        Control
    and Procedures    
      4   

PART
    II-OTHER INFORMATION     

Item
    1.  
        Legal
    Proceedings    
      6   

Item
    1A.  
        Risk
    Factors    
      6   

Item
    2.  
        Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
      6   

Item
    3.  
        Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities    
      6   

Item
    4.  
        Mine
    Safety Disclosures    
      6   

Item
    5.  
        Other
    Information    
      6   

Item
    6.  
        Exhibits    
      6   

SIGNATURES     
      7   

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

Certain
information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere herein may address or relate to future events and expectations
and as such constitutes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Act of
1995. Statements which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance,
liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management
and their interpretation of what is believed to be significant factors affecting our business, including many assumptions regarding
future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things:  

our
    ability to implement our current stated business plan of acquiring, managing and holding real estate assets as a real estate
    investment trust;   

our
    ability to establish and maintain our brand;   

our
    ability to attract and retain key members of our management team;   

our
    future financing plans and our ability to consummate financing on favorable terms if at all ;     

our
    anticipated needs for working capital;   

the
    anticipated trends in our industry;   

our
    ability to expand operational capabilities;   

competition
    existing today or that will likely arise in the future; and   

our
    ability to establish a market for our common stock and operate as a public company.   

Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words  may,   should,   would,   could,   scheduled, 
 expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend,   seek, 
or  project  or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Actual results,
performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially and
perhaps substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties
and other factors. These statements may be found under the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal-year ended
December 31, 2015 (filed on March 30, 2016) entitled  Risk Factors  as well as in our other public filings.  

There
can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained herein will in fact occur. Readers should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason.  

- ii -      

RealSource
Residential, Inc.  

September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Index
to the Financial Statements   

RealSource
    Residential, Inc.    
 
         Balance
    Sheets     

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements.   

RealSource
    Residential, Inc.    
 
          Statements
    of Operations     

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements.   

RealSource
    Residential, Inc.   
 
         Statement
    of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)    
 
      For
    the Interim Period Ended September 30, 2016    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements.   

RealSource
    Residential, Inc.    
 
          Statements
    of Cash Flows     

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements.   

RealSource
Residential, Inc.  

  September
30, 2016 and 2015  

     Notes
to the Financial Statements   

   (Unaudited)   

Note
1 - Organization and Operations   

Upstream
Biosciences, Inc.    

Upstream
Biosciences, Inc. ( Upstream Biosciences ) was incorporated on March 20, 2002 under the laws of the State of Nevada.
Upstream Biosciences engaged in developing technology relating to biomarker identification, disease susceptibility and drug response
areas of cancer.  

Change
in Control    

On
May 24, 2013, Charles El-Moussa and Six Capital Limited ( Six Capital ) (collectively, the  Sellers ),
as majority stockholders of Upstream Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and RealSource Acquisitions Group, LLC, a Utah limited
liability company, and Chesterfield Faring Ltd., a New York corporation (collectively, the  Purchasers ), entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) pursuant to which the Sellers agreed to sell to the Purchasers
an aggregate of 10,778,081 shares (representing approximately 90% of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company)
of common stock of the Company (the  Common Stock ) for $175,000 in cash from the personal funds of the Purchasers.  

RealSource
Residential, Inc.    

On
July 11, 2013, Upstream Biosciences entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) pursuant
to which Upstream Biosciences merged with its newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary, RealSource Residential, Inc., a Nevada corporation
( Merger Sub  and such merger transaction, the  Merger ) with the Company remaining as the surviving corporation
under the name  RealSource Residential, Inc.  (the  Surviving Company  or the  Company ).
Upon the consummation of the Merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased and shareholders of the Company became shareholders
of the surviving company named RealSource Residential, Inc. The Merger was effective on Monday, July 15, 2013 and was approved
by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority on August 5, 2013.  

Note
2 - Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and Practices   

The
Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness
of accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important
to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective,
or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
The Company s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted
accounting principles.  

Basis
of presentation     

The
Company s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and the rules of the Securities Exchange Commission.  

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period(s).  

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and
judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact
of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates
and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:  

(i)  
       Assumption
    as a going concern : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity
    of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business;   

(ii)  
       Valuation
    allowance for deferred tax assets : Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets
    resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be
    offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of
    the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company
    has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its
    daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

(iii)  
       Estimates
    and assumptions used in valuation of equity instruments : Management estimates expected term of share options and similar
    instruments, expected volatility of the Company s common shares and the method used to estimate it, expected annual
    rate of quarterly dividends, and risk free rate(s) to value share options and similar instruments.   

These
significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached
to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  

Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the
financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  

Management
regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes
in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those
estimates are adjusted accordingly.  

Actual
results could differ from those estimates.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    

The
Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial
instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to
measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency
and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy
which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described
below:  

Level
    1  
         
      Quoted
    market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.   

Level
    2  
         
      Pricing
    inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable
    as of the reporting date.   

Level
    3  
         
      Pricing
    inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or
similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.  

The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within
more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement of the instrument.  

The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, interest receivable and accounts payable
and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.  

The
Company s convertible notes payable approximates the fair value of such instruments based upon management s best estimate
of interest rates that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31, 2015.  

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the
related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such
representations can be substantiated.  

Cash
Equivalents    

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.  

Method
of Accounting   

Investments
held in stock of entities other than subsidiaries, namely corporate joint ventures and other non-controlled entities usually are
accounted for by one of three methods (i) the fair value method (addressed in Topic 320), (ii) the equity method (addressed in
Topic 323), or (iii) the cost method (addressed in Subtopic 325-20). Pursuant to paragraph 323-10-05-5 the equity method tends
to be most appropriate if an investment enables the investor to influence the operating or financial policies of the investee.  

The
Ability to Exercise Significant Influence   

Pursuant
to paragraph 323-10-15-6 the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of an investee may
be indicated in several ways, including but limited to the following: (a.) Representation on the board of directors, (b.) Participation
in policy-making processes, (c.) Material intra-entity transactions, (d.) Interchange of managerial personnel, and (e.) Technological
dependency. Pursuant to paragraph 323-10-15-8 an investment (direct or indirect) of 20 percent or more of the voting stock of
an investee shall lead to a presumption that in the absence of predominant evidence to the contrary an investor has the ability
to exercise significant influence over an investee. Conversely, an investment of less than 20 percent of the voting stock of an
investee shall lead to a presumption that an investor does not have the ability to exercise significant influence unless such
ability can be demonstrated.  

Initial
and Subsequent Measurement   

Pursuant
to Paragraph 323-10-30-2 an investor shall measure an investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture)
initially at cost in accordance with the guidance in Section 805-50-30. An investor shall initially measure, at fair value, a
retained investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture) in a deconsolidation transaction in accordance
with paragraphs 810-10-40-3A through 40-5.  

Pursuant
to Section 323-10-35 under the equity method, an investor shall recognize its share of the earnings or losses of an investee in
the periods for which they are reported by the investee in its financial statements rather than in the period in which an investee
declares a dividend. An investor shall adjust the carrying amount of an investment for its share of the earnings or losses of
the investee after the date of investment including adjustments similar to those made in preparing financial statements and shall
report the recognized earnings or losses in income. An investor's share of losses of an investee may equal or exceed the carrying
amount of an investment accounted for by the equity method plus advances made by the investor. An equity method investor shall
continue to report losses up to the investor's investment carrying amount, including any additional financial support made or
committed to by the investor and the investor ordinarily shall discontinue applying the equity method if the investment (and net
advances) is reduced to zero and shall not provide for additional losses unless the investor has guaranteed obligations of the
investee or is otherwise committed to provide further financial support for the investee. If the investee subsequently reports
net income, the investor shall resume applying the equity method only after its share of that net income equals the share of net
losses not recognized during the period the equity method was suspended. If a series of operating losses of an investee or other
factors indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred that is other than temporary the loss in value of an
investment that is other than a temporary decline shall be recognized. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not
necessarily be limited to, absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee
to sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of the investment. A current fair value of an investment
that is less than its carrying amount may indicate a loss in value of the investment. However, a decline in the quoted market
price below the carrying amount or the existence of operating losses alone is not necessarily indicative of a loss in value that
is other than temporary.  

Disclosure   

Pursuant
to paragraph 323-10-50-3 all of the following disclosures generally shall apply to the equity method of accounting for investments
in common stock:  

a.  
      Financial
    statements of an investor shall disclose all of the following parenthetically, in notes to financial statements, or in separate
    statements or schedules: (1) the name of each investee and percentage of ownership of common stock. (2) The accounting policies
    of the investor with respect to investments in common stock. Disclosure shall include the names of any significant investee
    entities in which the investor holds 20 percent or more of the voting stock, but the common stock is not accounted for on
    the equity method, together with the reasons why the equity method is not considered appropriate, and the names of any significant
    investee corporations in which the investor holds less than 20 percent of the voting stock and the common stock is accounted
    for on the equity method, together with the reasons why the equity method is considered appropriate. (3) The difference, if
    any, between the amount at which an investment is carried and the amount of underlying equity in net assets and the accounting
    treatment of the difference.   

b.  
      For
    those investments in common stock for which a quoted market price is available, the aggregate value of each identified investment
    based on the quoted market price usually shall be disclosed.   

c.  
      If
    investments in common stock of corporate joint ventures or other investments accounted for under the equity method are, in
    the aggregate, material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor, it may be necessary
    for summarized information as to assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the investees to be presented in the notes
    or in separate statements, either individually or in groups, as appropriate.   

d.  
      Conversion
    of outstanding convertible securities, exercise of outstanding options and warrants, and other contingent issuances of an
    investee may have a significant effect on an investor's share of reported earnings or losses. Accordingly, material effects
    of possible conversions, exercises, or contingent issuances shall be disclosed in notes to financial statements of an investor.   

Related
Parties    

The
Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure
of related party transactions.  

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include (a.) affiliates of the Company ( Affiliate  means, with respect to
any specified Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);
(b.) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option
under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing
entity; (c.) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship
of management; (d.) principal owners of the Company; (e.) management of the Company; (f.) other parties with which the Company
may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that
one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g.) other parties that
can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest
in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  

The
financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense
allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall
include: (a.) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b.) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which
no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other
information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (c.) the dollar
amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the
method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and (d.) amounts due from or to related parties as of
the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.  

Commitments
and Contingencies    

The
Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will
only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and
such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that
are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived
merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected
to be sought therein.  

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment
indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be
estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material,
would be disclosed.  

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would
be disclosed.  

Revenue
Recognition    

The
Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes
revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all
of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the
services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably
assured.  

Deferred
Tax Assets and Income Taxes Provision    

The
Company adopted the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13
addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the
financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only
if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based
on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph
740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim
periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income
tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13.  

The
estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.  

Management
makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous
estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in
these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual
taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.  

Tax
years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions    

The
Company discloses tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions pursuant to the ASC Paragraph 740-10-50-15.
Major tax jurisdictions generally have the right to examine and audit the previous three years of tax returns filed.  

Earnings
Per Share    

Earnings
per share ( EPS ) is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is
used to refer to either earnings or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available
to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the
period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred
stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned)
from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation
of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options
or warrants.  

Pursuant
to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-21 through 260-10-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise
price from the standpoint of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents)
issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions
of paragraphs 260-10-45-35 through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of
options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions
(see paragraph 260 10 55 23). Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options,
shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the treasury stock method: (a.) Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed
at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. (b.) The
proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See
paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) (c.) The incremental shares (the difference between the number of
shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.  

The
Company s contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants were as follows:  

There
were no incremental common shares under the Treasury Stock Method for the reporting periods shown above.  

Cash
Flows Reporting    

The
Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, which classifies
cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions
of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (the  Indirect Method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile
it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and
payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income
that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments  

Subsequent
Events    

The
Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent
events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU
2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when
they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

In
May 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ).   

This
guidance amends the existing FASB Accounting Standards Codification, creating a new Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customer.  The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services.  

To
achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps:  

1.  
      Identify
    the contract(s) with the customer   

2.  
      Identify
    the performance obligations in the contract   

3.  
      Determine
    the transaction price   

4.  
      Allocate
    the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract   

5.  
      Recognize
    revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies performance obligations   

The
ASU also provides guidance on disclosures that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature,
amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative
information is required about the following:  

1.  
       Contracts
    with customers    including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation of revenue, and information about
    contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations)   

2.  
       Significant
    judgments and changes in judgments    determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations (over
    time or at a point in time), and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations   

3.  
       Assets
    recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract    

ASU
2014-09 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period for all public entities. Early application is not permitted.  

In
June 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic
718) :  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved
after the Requisite Service Period  ( ASU 2014-12 ).   

The
amendments clarify the proper method of accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance
target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The Update requires that a performance target that affects vesting
and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The performance target should
not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in
which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable
to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered.  

The
amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December
15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU
2014-15 ).   

In
connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should
evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or within
one year after the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Management s evaluation
should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the  financial statements
are issued  (or at the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Substantial doubt
about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate,
indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the
date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The term  probable  is used consistently with
its use in Topic 450, Contingencies.  

When
management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern, management should consider whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate
the substantial doubt. The mitigating effect of management s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is
probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions
or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial
doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables
users of the financial statements to understand all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the
footnotes):  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before
    consideration of management s plans)   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet  its
    obligations    

c.  
      Management s
    plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt
is not alleviated after consideration of management s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating
that there is  substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern  within one year after the
date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose information
that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following:  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet  its
    obligations    

c.  
      Management s
    plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the  entity s
    ability to continue as a going concern.    

The
amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim
periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.  

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Note
3   Going Concern   

The
Company has elected to adopt early application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial
Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ) .  

The
Company s financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  

As
reflected in the financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at September 30, 2016 and a net loss for the reporting
period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to implement its business
plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to execute a business strategy and raise additional funds.  

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

Note
4   Investments   

On
June 10, 2014, the Company invested $375,000 (approximately 18.8%) into newly formed RS Bakken One, LLC ( RSB1 ),
an entity that acquired two properties in North Dakota, one near Williston and one in Watford City. These properties are located
in the heart of the Bakken oil development and had a combined acquisition price of $5,700,000. Additionally, the Company purchased
an option (Option) for $25,000 that will allow it to acquire 100% of these two properties after one year for a purchase price
of not less than $7,000,000 or more than $8,000,000.  

On
October 24, 2014 the Company invested $100,000 (approximately a 3.876% interest) into newly formed RS Heron Walk Apartments, LLC
(RSHWA), an entity that acquired the Heron Walk Apartments in Jacksonville, Florida. Heron Walk apartments is a value-add opportunity
and the investment in RSHWA carries an 8% preferred return and with higher expected average cash-on-cash and internal rates of
return.  

Pursuant
to paragraph 323-10-05-5 the equity method tends to be most appropriate if an investment enables the investor to influence the
operating or financial policies of the investee. Although the Company owns less than 20 percent of the voting units in both of
the above entities, the COO/CFO of the Company is the Vice President of RSB1 and RSHWA and the Chairman of the Company is the
Manager of both these entities which enables the Company to influence the operating or financial policies of RSB1 and RSHWA. Thus,
the Company accounts for its investment in these investments using the equity method of accounting and reports such in the balance
sheets as investment.  

Under
terms of an amendment to the Note and Warrant (see Note 5-Convertible Notes) in February 2016, the Noteholders formed RSRT Holdings,
LLC and agreed to accept an assignment of ownership in RSHWA and RSB1 and the Option in partial settlement of the Notes and accrued
interest. The lenders on the two properties must be notified of the assignment of owner interests and may be required to approve
such transfers based on the terms of the loan documents. The assignment of the interest in RSHWA was effective April 1, 2016.
The assignment of RSB1 and the Option was effective on June 1, 2016.  

Investment
consisted of the following:  

Note
5   Convertible Notes   

On
December 9, 2013, the Company consummated the closing (the  Closing ) of a private placement offering (the  Offering )
of 231 units ( Units ) for $10,000 per Unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of $2,310,000. No placement agents
or brokers were utilized by the Company in connection with the Offering. Each Unit consisted of: (i) a $10,000 face value 12%
Series A Senior Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note of the Company convertible into common shares at $0.50 per share (collectively,
the  Notes ), and (ii) one detachable Common Stock Purchase Warrant (collectively, the  Warrants ), each
to purchase 10,000 shares (the  Warrant Shares ) of common stock of the Company (the  Common Stock ) with
an exercise price of $2.00 per share expiring five years from the date of issuance. In connection with the Closing, the Company
entered into definitive subscription agreements (the  Subscription Agreements ) with twenty nine (29) accredited investors.
The Notes accrued interest at 12% per year and had a maturity date of December 9, 2015.  

On
January 15, 2016, each of the Holders of the Notes and the Warrants entered into a separate Amendment to Note and Warrant (the
  Amendment  ) to modify certain terms and provisions of the Notes and Warrants, such Amendment being effective
as of December 9, 2015, the original maturity date of the Notes. The Amendment was entered into given the maturity of the Notes
to memorialize the agreements of the Company and each Holder with respect to the Notes and the Warrants held by such Holder.  

Pursuant
to the Amendment, the term of the Notes has been extended by six months to June 9, 2016 (the   Maturity Date  ).
The Amendment also provides for the mandatory conversion of a portion of the Notes and interest accrued under the Note as of December
9, 2015 into shares of Common Stock (the   Mandatory Conversion  ) at $.10 per share. In February 2016, the Notes
and a portion of accrued interest was repaid with cash of $1,990,000 and the issuance of 3,744,000 shares of common stock at a
value of $.10 per share. The Amendment also provides that the Company and each Holder that the Warrants held by such Holder shall
be amendment to (i) reduce the exercise price of the Warrants from $2.00 to $0.50 per Warrant Share and (ii) to extend the expiration
time of the Warrants from December 9, 2018 to December 9, 2020.  

In
February 2016 the Notes and a portion of the accrued interest were repaid with $1,990,000 of cash through the issuance of 3,744,000
shares of common stock issued at $.10 per share. The balance of accrued interest of $500,000 was repaid through the assignment
of ownership interest in RSHWA and RSB1 and the Option as described above in Note 4   Investments.  

The
Company estimated the relative fair value of the warrants on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with
the following weighted-average assumptions:  

*  
      As
    a thinly traded entity it is not practicable for the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price. The Company
    selected four (4) comparable public companies listed on NYSE MKT and NASDAQ Capital Market within real estate brokerage and
    management industry which the Company engages in to calculate the expected volatility. The Company calculated those four (4)
    comparable companies  historical volatility over the expected life of the options or warrants and averaged them as its
    expected volatility.   

The
estimated relative fair value of the warrants was de minimus at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.  

Note
6   Related Party Transactions   

Related
Parties    

Related
parties with whom the Company had transactions are:  

Related
    Parties   
         
       Relationship    

Michael
    Anderson  
         
      Chairman,
    significant stockholder and director   

Nathan
    Hanks  
         
      President
    and CEO, significant stockholder and director   

V.
    Kelly Randall  
         
      Chief
    Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director   

RSRT
    Holdings, LLC  
         
      An
    entity controlled and partially owned by the Chairman, President and CEO of the Company   

Note
7   Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   

Shares
Authorized    

Upon
formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Two Hundred Million (200,000,000)
shares of which One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and One Hundred
Million (100,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share.  

Common
Stock    

Warrants    

Summary
of the Company s Warrants Activities   

The
table below summarizes the Company s warrants activities for the reporting period ended September 30, 2016:  

*
The relative fair values at date of issuance and subsequent measurement w minimis. See Note 5-Convertible Notes for an explanation
of the change in the exercise price of the warrants.  

The
following table summarizes information concerning outstanding and exercisable warrants as of September 30, 2016:  

Note
8   Subsequent Events   

The
Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued
to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent events
to be disclosed.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the financial statements and related notes thereto in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

This
discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing
of certain events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors,
including, but not limited to, those set forth herein and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and in our other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.    

Corporate
History and Recent Developments   

We
were incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada on March 20, 2002 under the name Integrated Brand Solutions Inc.,
and on February 6, 2006, we changed our name to Upstream Biosciences Inc. From 2006 to December 2009, our company operated as
a biotechnology company, and from 2010 until May 2013, our company had no operating business.  

On
May 24, 2013, our then majority stockholders sold their interests in our company (consisting of 10,778,081 shares of our common
stock, representing approximately 90% of the issued and outstanding voting security of our company) to RealSource Acquisition
Group, LLC, a Utah limited liability company ( RSAG ), and Chesterfield Faring Ltd., a New York corporation in consideration
of an aggregate of $175,000 in cash. RSAG is affiliated with The RealSource Group, a group of affiliated real estate brokerage
and management companies based in Salt Lake City, Utah. On July 11, 2013, we changed our corporate name by merging with our newly
formed, wholly owned subsidiary called RealSource Residential, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and we remained as the surviving corporation
under the name  RealSource Residential, Inc.  The merger was effective on July 15, 2013 and was approved by the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority on August 5, 2013.  

Leveraging
the experience of our management team and The RealSource Group, we planned to focus on acquiring, managing and holding primarily
multi-family housing assets in anticipation of creating a real estate investment trust (a  REIT ). We began the process
of acquiring interests in such multi-family housing assets during 2014, however, as of September 30, 2016 our plan to acquire
assets and create a REIT have been indefinitely deferred and we have divested the assets that were acquired.  

On
December 9, 2013, we consummated the closing of a private placement offering (the  2013 Private Placement ) of 231
units (or  Units ) for $10,000 per Unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of $2,310,000. Each Unit consisted of: (i) a
$10,000 face value 12% Series A Senior Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note (collectively, the  Notes ), and (ii)
one detachable Common Stock Purchase Warrant (collectively, the  Warrants ), each to purchase 10,000 shares (the  Warrant
Shares ) of our common stock. The Notes accrued interest at 12% per year and had a maturity date of December 9, 2015.  

The
Notes were convertible into shares of our common stock at $0.50 per share (subject to customary adjustments for stock splits and
similar transactions), and would automatically convert into shares of our common stock at the then applicable conversion price
in the event that the 90-day trading volume weighted average price per share of the common stock exceeds $1.50 per share at any
time during the term of the Notes.  

Each
Warrant included within each Unit granted to each investor the right, for a period of five (5) years from the closing of the 2013
Private Placement to subscribe for 10,000 shares of our common stock (i.e. 50% warrant coverage) at an exercise price equal to
$2.00 per share. The exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjust on the same terms as provided for in the Notes. As of
the date of this report, an aggregate of 2,310,000 shares of our common stock are available for issuance assuming full exercise
of the Warrants.  

In
connection with the closing of the 2013 Private Placement, we entered into definitive subscription agreements (the  Subscription
Agreements ) with twenty-nine (29) accredited investors (the  Holders ). The Subscription Agreements contained
customary representations, warranties and covenants.  

Proceeds
from the 2013 Private Placement were used to (i) acquire, on December 10, 2013 a $2.85 million face value subordinated mortgage
note secured by the Cambridge Apartments in Gulfport, Mississippi ( Cambridge ) for approximately $1,073,000 (the
 B Note ) and (ii) fund (in the amount of approximately $465,000) certain costs associated with a refinancing of the
senior mortgage indebtedness encumbering Cambridge (which refinancing occurred concurrently with our acquisition of the B Note).
Immediately upon our acquisition of the B Note, we entered into a Right of First Refusal and Option Agreement with RS Cambridge
Apartments, LLC ( RS Cambridge ), owners of Cambridge (the  Option Agreement ), pursuant to which we converted
the B Note into a right of first refusal and option (the  Option ) in the amount of approximately $1,538,000 (the
 Option Payment ). The Option afforded us the right to acquire Cambridge within five (5) years after the closing of
the 2013 Private Placement at the fair value of Cambridge as we negotiated with RS Cambridge. Under the Option, if RS Cambridge
received an offer to purchase Cambridge during the option period, we would have had a right of first refusal to purchase Cambridge
on the same terms as the offer. Had we elected not to match the offer, the Option Payment was required to be repaid upon the sale
of Cambridge to the other buyer. In February 2016, RS Cambridge sold Cambridge. We elected not to exercise our right of first
refusal and the cost of the Option plus accrued interest was paid to us.  

On
June 10, 2014, we invested $375,000 to acquire an approximate 19% interest in RS Bakken One, LLC, a newly-formed affiliated entity,
which in turn acquired two properties in North Dakota, one near Williston and one in Watford City and had a combined acquisition
price of $5,700,000. Concurrently, we purchased an option for $25,000 that allows us to acquire 100% of these two properties after
one year for a purchase price of not less than $7,000,000, or not more than $8,000,000. As of the date of this report, the option
has not been exercised. The impact of the recent decline in oil prices is not yet known but could have an impact on the value
of the property should oil prices remain depressed for an extended period of time. The property in Watford City is leased by two
corporate tenants with longer term leases. The income from these leases is sufficient to cover the operating costs and debt service
on the property. Under terms of the Amendment discussed below, effective June 1, 2016 the ownership in RS Bakken One was transferred
to RSRT Holdings, LLC, which is owned by the Holders.  

On
October 24, 2014, we invested $100,000 to become an approximate 3.876% member in a newly formed entity called RS Heron Walk Apartments,
LLC ( RSHWA ), an affiliated entity which acquired the Heron Walk Apartments in Jacksonville, Florida ( Heron
Walk ). Our investment in the Heron Walk apartments, through our ownership in RSHWA, carries an 8% cumulative preferred
return under the terms of the RSHWA operating agreement, with projected higher expected average cash-on-cash and internal rates
of return. Under terms of the Amendment discussed above, effective April 1, 2016 the ownership in RSHWA was transferred to RSRT
Holdings, LLC, which is owned by the Holders as described below.  

On
January 15, 2016, each of the Holders entered into a separate Amendment to Note and Warrant (the  Amendment ) to modify
certain terms and provisions of the Notes and Warrants, such Amendment being effective as of December 9, 2015, the original maturity
date of the Notes. The Amendment was entered into given the maturity of the Notes to memorialize the agreements of the Company
and each Holder with respect to the Notes and the Warrants held by such Holder.  

Pursuant
to the Amendment, the term of the Notes was extended by six months to June 9, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ). The Amendment
also provided for the mandatory conversion of a portion of the interest accrued under the Note as of December 9, 2015 into shares
of our common stock (the  Mandatory Conversion ). The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon the Mandatory
Conversion to each Holder equaled each Holder s pro rata portion of interest owed on such Holder s Note converted
at $0.10 per share. A total of 3,744,000 shares of our common stock were issued in February 2016.  

On
December 31, 2015, we held an asset consisting of a deposit (the  Cambridge Deposit ) on the Cambridge property. Cambridge
was owned by RS Cambridge, an entity controlled and partially owned by the Chairman, President and CEO of our company. The Amendment
further provided that in the event that, prior to the Maturity Date, RS Cambridge sold Cambridge, thus generating a return of
the Cambridge Deposit to the Company, we would, within thirty (30) days of such sale, prepay, without penalty, a portion of each
Note equal to each Holder s pro rata portion of the Cambridge Deposit. Cambridge was sold to a third party in February 2016
and the Cambridge Deposit plus accrued interest was paid to us. With the proceeds, we then redeemed the Notes plus a portion of
the accrued interest as required under the Amendment.  

Also
pursuant to the Amendment, we agreed with each Holder that, by no later than February 15, 2016, we would establish a new limited
liability company ( Newco 1 ) and assign to Newco 1: (a) a $100,000 equity investment (the  Heron Equity )
previously made by us in RSHWA and (b) a $400,000 equity investment ( Bakken Equity ) previously made by us in the
two properties in North Dakota described above. This investment consisted of a $375,000 investment in RS Bakken One Investors,
LLC and a $25,000 option to acquire the two properties within a specific range of a purchase prices. The Amendment provides that
each Holder will be given a pro rata portion (based on the aggregate principal of the Notes held by such Holder) of the equity
in Newco 1, entitling each Holder to a pro rata portion of all cash flows, profits and losses generated by Newco 1 s holdings
of the Bakken Equity and the Heron Equity. Each Holder similarly agreed that such Holder shall have no voting, management, consent
or approval rights whatsoever over the business or operations of Newco 1 (save as required by law), and all such rights are vested
in us or our affiliates as the sole managing member of Newco 1. Each Holder agreed to enter into a customary limited liability
company operating agreement relating to Newco1 to memorialize the foregoing. We formed Newco 1 on February 5, 2016 with the name
RSRT Holdings, LLC and each Holder signed the operating agreement.  

Finally,
the Amendment provides that the Warrants held by such Holder shall be amended to (i) reduce the exercise price of the Warrants
from $2.00 to $0.50 per Warrant Share and (ii) to extend the expiration time of the Warrants from December 9, 2018 to December
9, 2020.  

We
are not currently structured or operating as a REIT. We have consulted advisors who recommend that the target properties should
be combined into a private portfolio, raise additional equity to expand the asset value of the portfolio and form a private REIT.
Once the asset value has grown to a sufficient size in our management s determination and market conditions are favorable
for public REITs, we could then use our company as a public vehicle to acquire the private REIT or its portfolio of real estate
holdings. Therefore, our plan to create a public REIT and acquire assets has been indefinitely deferred.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Our
financial statements are prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States (US GAAP). Our fiscal year ends December 31.  

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires making estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ (perhaps significantly)
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

While
all the accounting policies impact the financial statements, certain policies may be viewed to be critical. Our management believes
that the accounting policies which involve more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statement
include derivative liability, stock-based compensation, capitalization of costs and useful lives of assets:  

Results
of Operations   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015:   

Revenues   

Revenue
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,666 compared $83,149 for the same period in 2015. The decrease is a result
of transferring our interests in income producing properties to the Holders in the first and second quarters of 2016.  

Expenses   

Operating
costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $44,882, compared to $63,400 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease is a result of scaling back our operations following the divestiture of our existing assets. The primary costs include
legal, accounting, transfer agent and filing fees.  

Other
income and expense   

  With
the repayment of the Cambridge Deposit in February 2016, and the issuance of 3,744,000 shares of common stock we repaid the Notes
at the end of February eliminating future income and expense related to these items.  

Net
loss   

Net
loss for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $45,956 compared to $53,630 for the same period in 2015. The change
is a result of the items discussed above in revenues and expenses.  

Plan
of Operations and Cash Requirements for the Next 12 Months  

Anticipated
Cash Requirements   

Over
the next 12 months, we have estimated our minimum operating cash requirements to be as follows:  

As
our operations are currently minimal, our operating expenses are similarly limited. We estimate that we should have sufficient
cash for a least the next year of cash requirements.  

At
September 30, 2016, we had working capital of $33,832 comprised of cash net of $4,390 in accounts payable.   

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
financial position as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the changes for the nine months then ended are as follows:  

Working
Capital   

As
of September 30, 2016 we had $38,222 in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital increased by $56,080 from December 31, 2015
to September 30, 2016, which is a result of transferring investments in RSHWA and RSB1 and the Option in payment of the accrued
interest.  

Cash
Flows   

Our
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $366,4133 for nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same nine-month period in 2015 primarily due to the receipt of interest receivable on the Deposit from RS Cambridge Apartments,
LLC. The cash provided from investing activities was also related to the repayment of this Deposit. The cash used in financing
activities reflects the cash payment towards the Notes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The balance of the Notes
were paid through the issuance of common stock.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We
are a smaller reporting company and therefore are not required to provide the information for this item for Form 10-Q.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As
of the end of the period covered by this Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers),
conducted evaluations of our disclosure controls and procedures. As defined under Sections 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the term  disclosure controls and procedures 
means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including the Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  

Based
on their evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective.  

The
material weakness which relate to internal control over financial reporting that was identified at September 30, 2016 that we
did not have sufficient personnel staffing in our accounting and financial reporting department. As a result, we were not able
to achieve adequate segregation of duties and were not able to provide for adequate review of the financial statements.  

This
control deficiency could result in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. However, our management believes that the material weakness identified does not result
in the restatement of any previously reported financial statements or any other related financial disclosure, and management does
not believe that the material weakness had any effect on the accuracy of our financial statements included as part of this Quarterly
Report.  

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over
financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements,
as necessary and as funds allow.  

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting.   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls   

Readers
are cautioned that our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting will necessarily prevent all fraud and material error. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within our control have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part
upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any control design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

PART
II- OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.    

None.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.    

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.    

None.  

Item
5. Other Information.    

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits.    

*  
      XBRL
    (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus
    for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       RealSource
    Residential, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/
    Nathan W. Hanks     

Name:  
      Nathan
    W. Hanks   

Title:  
      President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
       /s/
    V. Kelly Randall     

Name:  
      V.
    Kelly Randall   

Title:  
      Chief
    Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

I, Nathan W. Hanks, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RealSource Residential, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Nathan W. Hanks   

Nathan W. Hanks  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

I, V. Kelly Randall, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RealSource Residential, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  
       /s/ V. Kelly Randall   

Name:  
      V. Kelly Randall  

Title:  
      Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1  

REALSOURCE RESIDENTIAL,
INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of RealSource Residential, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Nathan W. Hanks, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By:  
       /s/ Nathan W. Hanks   

Name:  
      Nathan W. Hanks  

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2  

REALSOURCE RESIDENTIAL, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of RealSource Residential, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, V. Kelly Randall, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By:  
       /s/ V. Kelly Randall   

Name:  
      V. Kelly Randall  

Title:  
      Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rsrt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rsrt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rsrt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rsrt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rsrt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rsrt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

