<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_108385_0000108385-16-000176_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13668010</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207396</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>8875377</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1526290</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2144089</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>793377</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000108385-16-000176.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000108385-16-000176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				570425114
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19599
		FILM NUMBER:		161975224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		108 FREDRICK STREET
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8642989800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 6429
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLD FINANCE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000108385-16-000176.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 wrld10-qq2fy17.htm
 WORLD ACCEPTANCE 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
     Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from ______________ to ______________          
    
  Commission File Number:    0-19599 
    
  WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter.) 
                   South Carolina 
      
    57-0425114 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

108 Frederick Street 
      Greenville, South Carolina 29607 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      (Zip Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period than the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x    No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 
                          
    Large Accelerated Filer      
      
    Accelerated Filer   x 
        
    Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No   x 
    
  The number of outstanding shares of the issuer s no par value common stock as of   October 28, 2016   was   8,866,668  . 

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Introductory Note:    As used herein, the  Company,   we,   our,   us,  or similar formulations include World Acceptance Corporation and each of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly noted or the context otherwise requires that it include only World Acceptance Corporation.  All references in this report to  fiscal   2017    are to the Company s fiscal year ending March 31,   2017  . 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  The consolidated financial statements of the Company at   September 30, 2016  , and for the   three and six   months then ended were prepared in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q and are unaudited; however, in the opinion of management all adjustments (consisting only of items of a normal, recurring nature) necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position at   September 30, 2016  , and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , have been included.  The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year or any other interim period. 
    
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  The consolidated financial statements do not include all disclosures required by GAAP and should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , included in the Company s   2016   Annual Report to Shareholders. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES 
    
  Nature of Operations 
    
  The Company is a small-loan consumer finance company headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina that offers short-term small loans, medium-term larger loans, related credit insurance products and ancillary products and services to individuals who have limited access to other sources of consumer credit.  In U.S. branches, the Company offers income tax return preparation services to its loan customers and other individuals. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  The Company's loan volume and corresponding loans receivable follow seasonal trends.  The Company's highest loan demand generally occurs from October through December, its third fiscal quarter.  Loan demand is generally lowest and loan repayment highest from January to March, its fourth fiscal quarter.  Loan volume and average balances remain relatively level during the remainder of the year.  Consequently, the Company experiences significant seasonal fluctuations in its operating results and cash needs.  Operating results for the Company's third fiscal quarter are generally lower than in other quarters and operating results for its fourth fiscal quarter are generally higher than in other quarters. 
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
    
  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 
    
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-03, which requires an entity to present debt issuance costs on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability as opposed to an asset.  Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting).  ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented on the balance sheet as an asset.  ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15 were adopted April 1, 2016 with no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 
    
  Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory 
    
  In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-16, Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.  Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party.  This prohibition on recognition is an exception to the principle of comprehensive recognition of current and deferred income taxes in GAAP.  The amendments in this Update eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory.  For public business entities the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The amendment addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice: 
             
    Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs 
                
    Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing 
                
    Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination 
                
    Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims 
                
    Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policies 
                
    Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees 
                
    Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions 
                
    Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle 
       
  For public business entities the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
    
  In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses.  The amendment seeks to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at 
  each reporting date.  To achieve this objective, the amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.  For public business entities the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
    
  In April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-10, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein. Early application for public entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Stock Compensation 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share - Based Payment Accounting, which simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions, income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendment in this ASU becomes effective on a modified retrospective transition for accounting in tax benefits recognized, retrospectively for accounting related to the presentation of employee taxes paid, prospective for accounting related to recognition of excess tax benefits, and either a prospective or retrospective method for accounting related to presentation of excess employee  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

tax benefits for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Technical Corrections and Improvements 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-08, Principal versus Agent Considerations, which clarifies the implementation of the guidance on principal versus agent considerations from ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU 2016-08 does not change the core principle of the guidance in ASU 2014-09, but rather clarifies the distinction between principal versus agent considerations when implementing ASU 2014-09.  As these are technical corrections and improvements only, the Company does not believe that this ASU will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The ASU will require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on leases with terms greater than 12 months and to disclose information related to the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases, including various qualitative and quantitative requirements. The amendments of this ASU become effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Recognition, Measurement, Presentation, and Disclosure of Financial Instruments 
    
  In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01, which updates certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.  ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2019 and early adoption is not permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements Topic 605 (Revenue Recognition), and most industry-specific guidance.  ASU No. 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  ASU No. 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.  ASU No. 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14, is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  We reviewed all other newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they are either not applicable to our business or are not expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements as a result of future adoption. 

10 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 3   FAIR VALUE 
    
  Fair Value Disclosures 
    
  The Company may carry certain financial instruments and derivative assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company determines the fair values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
    
  Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are grouped in three levels. The levels prioritize the inputs used to measure the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  These levels are: 

Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for assets and liabilities, either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in market that are less active. 
                
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities reflecting the reporting entity s own assumptions. 
       
  The Company s financial instruments for the periods reported consist of the following: cash and cash equivalents, loans receivable, and senior notes payable. Fair value approximates carrying value for all of these instruments. Loans receivable are originated at prevailing market rates and have an average life of approximately   eight months  . Given the short-term nature of these loans, they are continually repriced at current market rates. The Company s revolving credit facility has a variable rate based on a margin over LIBOR and reprices with any changes in LIBOR. The Company also considers its creditworthiness in its determination of fair value. 
    
  The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments summarized by level are as follows:  

There were no significant assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   or   March 31, 2016  . 

NOTE 4   FINANCE RECEIVABLES AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
    
  The following is a summary of gross loans receivable as of: 

11 

     Table of Contents  

(1)    The Company decided to wind down the World Class Buying Club program during the third quarter of fiscal 2015. As of March 31, 2015, the Company is no longer financing the purchase of products through the program; however, the Company will continue to service the outstanding retail installment sales contracts. 
    
  The following is a summary of the changes in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated: 

(1)    Recoveries during the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 included $0.3 million and $2.1 million, respectively, of recoveries resulting from the sale of previously charged-off loans. 
    
  The following is a summary of loans individually and collectively evaluated for impairment for the period indicated: 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The average net balance of impaired loans was   $40.0 million   and   $40.5 million  , respectively, for the   six   month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  . It is not practical to compute the amount of interest earned on impaired loans.  
    
  The following is an assessment of the credit quality for the period indicated: 

(1) Loans in non-accrual status 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of the past due receivables as of: 

NOTE 5   AVERAGE SHARE INFORMATION 
    
  The following is a summary of the basic and diluted average common shares outstanding: 

Options to purchase   935,480   and   933,626   shares of common stock at various prices were outstanding during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the option exercise price was anti-dilutive.  
    
  Options to purchase   1,021,127   and   877,081   shares of common stock at various prices were outstanding during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the option exercise price was anti-dilutive.  

NOTE 6   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Stock Option Plans 
    
  The Company has a 2002 Stock Option Plan, a 2005 Stock Option Plan, a 2008 Stock Option Plan, and a 2011 Stock Option Plan for the benefit of certain directors, officers, and key employees.  Under these plans, a total of   4,100,000   shares of authorized common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to grants approved by the Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors.  Stock options granted under these plans have a maximum duration of   10 years  , may be subject to certain vesting requirements, which are generally   three   to   five years   for officers, directors, and key employees, and are priced at the market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant of the option.  At   September 30, 2016  , there were a total of   541,085   shares available for grant under the plans. 
    
  Stock-based compensation is recognized as provided under FASB ASC Topic 718-10 and FASB ASC Topic 505-50.  FASB ASC Topic 718-10 requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period (generally the vesting period) in the consolidated financial statements based on their grant date fair values.  The impact of forfeitures that may occur prior to vesting must also be estimated and considered in the amount recognized. The Company has applied the Black-Scholes valuation model in determining the grant date fair value  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

of the stock option awards.  Compensation expense is recognized only for those options expected to vest, with forfeitures estimated based on historical experience and future expectations. 
    
  There were no options issued during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The weighted-average fair value at the grant date for options issued during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $21.64   and   $32.05  , respectively. Fair value was estimated at grant date using the weighted-average assumptions listed below: 

The expected stock price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock for a period approximating the expected life. The expected life represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding after the grant date. The risk-free rate reflects the interest rate at grant date on zero coupon U.S. governmental bonds having a remaining life similar to the expected option term. 
    
  Option activity for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value reflected in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing stock price on   September 30, 2016   and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by option holders had all option holders exercised their options  as of    September 30, 2016  .  This amount will change as the stock s market price changes.  The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options amounted to approximately   $7.5 million  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately   2.0   years. 
    
  Restricted Stock 
    
  So far during fiscal 2017, the Company has granted   2,400   shares of restricted stock (which are equity classified), to one executive officer, with a grant date weighted average fair value of   $43.49   per share. One-third of this award will vest on each anniversary of the grant date over the next three years.  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

During fiscal 2016, the Company granted   69,950   shares of restricted stock (which are equity classified), to certain executive officers, with a grant date weighted average fair value of   $28.11   per share. One-third of these awards will vest on each anniversary of the grant date over the next three years.  
    
  During fiscal 2014 and 2013 the Company granted   8,590   and   70,800   Group A performance based restricted stock awards to certain officers.  Group A awards vested on April 30, 2015 based on the Company's achievement of the following performance goals as of March 31, 2015: 

During fiscal 2014 and 2013 the Company granted   56,660   and   443,700   Group B performance based restricted stock awards to certain officers.  As of   September 30, 2016  , no Group B awards remain unforfeited and outstanding. Group B awards would have vested as follows, if the Company achieved the following performance goals during any successive trailing four quarters during the measurement period ending on March 31, 2017:  

The Company determined that the earnings per share targets associated with the Group B stock awards were not achievable during the measurement period which ends on March 31, 2017.  Subsequently, the Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors amended the awards allowing 25% of the Group B awards to vest for certain officers.  The officers were required to forfeit their remaining Group B shares as a part of the amendment.  FASB Topic ASC 718 defines a grant modification as a change in any of the terms or conditions of a stock-based compensation award to include accelerated vesting.  The Company determined that since the Group B awards would not have otherwise vested pre-modification, the accelerated vesting qualified as a Type III modification. The Company released approximately $9.7 million of compensation expense, including $2.9 million related to the Type III modification, during the year ended March 31, 2016 associated with the Group B awards.  
    
  Compensation expense related to restricted stock is based on the number of shares expected to vest and the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date.  The Company recognized compensation expense of   $0.2 million    and a net reduction in compensation expense of   $3.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and recognized   $0.4 million    and a net reduction in compensation expense of   $6.4 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which is included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $1.0 million   of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over the next   2.1   years based on current estimates. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of the status of the Company s restricted stock as of   September 30, 2016  , and changes during the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , are presented below: 

Total share-based compensation included as a component of net income during the three and   six   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

NOTE 7   ACQUISITIONS 
    
  The Company evaluates each acquisition to determine if the acquired enterprise meets the definition of a business.  Those acquired enterprises that meet the definition of a business are accounted for as a business combination under FASB ASC Topic 805-10 and all other acquisitions are accounted for as asset purchases.   
    
  There were no acquisitions during the six months ended September 30, 2016.  The following table sets forth the acquisition activity of the Company for the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

When the acquisition results in a new branch, the Company records the transaction as a business combination since the office acquired will continue to generate loans. The Company typically retains the existing employees and the branch location.  The purchase price is allocated to the estimated fair value of the tangible assets acquired and to the estimated fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired (generally non-compete agreements and customer lists).  The remainder is allocated to goodwill.   
    
  When the acquisition is of a portfolio of loans only, the Company records the transaction as an asset purchase. In an asset purchase, no goodwill is recorded.  The purchase price is allocated to the estimated fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired. 
    
  The Company s acquisitions include tangible assets (generally loans and furniture and equipment) and intangible assets (generally non-compete agreements, customer lists, and goodwill), both of which are recorded at their fair values, which are estimated pursuant to the processes described below. 
    
  Acquired loans are valued at the net loan balance.  Given the short-term nature of these loans, generally   eight months  , and that these loans are priced at current rates, management believes the net loan balances approximate their fair value. 
    
  Furniture and equipment are valued at the specific purchase price as agreed to by both parties at the time of acquisition, which management believes approximates their fair values. 
    
  The results of all acquisitions have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements since the respective acquisition dates.  The pro forma impact of these purchases as though they had been acquired at the beginning of the periods presented would not have a material effect on the consolidated results of operations as reported. 

NOTE 8   DEBT 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   the Company's notes payable consist of a   $460.0 million   senior revolving credit facility with borrowings of   $360.6 million   outstanding and   $1.5 million   standby letters of credit related to workers compensation and surety bonds outstanding. To the extent that the letters of credit are drawn upon, the disbursement will be funded by the credit facility.  There are no amounts due related to the letters of credit as of   September 30, 2016  , and they expire on December 31, 2016.  The Letters of Credit are automatically extended for one year on the expiration date.  The aggregate commitments will reduce from   $460.0 million   to $370.0 million on March 31, 2017.  The amended facility has an accordion feature pursuant to which the Company may request an increase in the aggregate amount of the commitments under the revolving credit facility, provided that the aggregate amount of the commitments will not exceed $500.0 million.  Subject to a borrowing base formula, the Company may borrow at the rate of   LIBOR   plus   4.0%   with a minimum rate of   5.0%  .  For the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , the Company s effective interest rate, including the commitment fee and amortization of debt issuance costs, was   5.9%   and   5.6%  , respectively, and the unused amount available under the revolver at   September 30, 2016   was   $97.9 million  .  The revolving credit facility has a commitment fee of   0.50%   per annum on the unused portion of the commitment. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility mature on   June 15, 2018  . 
    
  Substantially all of the Company s assets, excluding the assets of the Company's Mexican subsidiaries, are pledged as collateral for borrowings under the revolving credit agreement.  

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES 
    
  The Company is required to assess whether the earnings of our   two   Mexican foreign subsidiaries, Servicios World Acceptance Corporation de M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ( SWAC ) and WAC de M xico, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM ENR ( WAC de Mexico ), will be permanently reinvested in the respective foreign jurisdiction or if previously untaxed foreign earnings of the Company will no longer be permanently reinvested and thus become taxable in the United States.  If these earnings were ever repatriated to the United States, the Company would be required to accrue and pay taxes on the cumulative undistributed earnings.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has determined that approximately   $1.4 million   of cumulative undistributed net earnings of SWAC and approximately   $21.4 million   of cumulative undistributed net earnings of WAC de M xico, as well as the future net earnings and losses of both foreign subsidiaries, will be permanently reinvested.  At   September 30, 2016  , there was an unrecognized taxable temporary difference in the amount of   $1.8 million   related to investment in the Mexican subsidiaries. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the Company had   $11.3 million   and   $10.7 million  , respectively, of total gross unrecognized tax benefits including interest.  Approximately   $8.6 million   and   $8.2 million  , respectively, represent the amount of net unrecognized tax benefits that are permanent in nature and, if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate.     At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $5.8 million   of gross unrecognized tax benefits are expected to be resolved during the next twelve months through the expiration of the statute of limitations and settlement with taxing authorities. The Company s continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $1.6 million   accrued for gross interest, of which   $260,235   was a current period-end expense for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company is subject to U.S. and Mexican income taxes, as well as various other state and local jurisdictions.  With the exception of a few states, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2011, although carryforward attributes that were generated prior to 2011 may still be adjusted upon examination by the taxing authorities if they either have been or will be used in a future period.   
    
  The Company s effective income tax rate increased to   36.6%   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   31.8%   for the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to the decrease in reserves related to a state ruling in favor of the Company and state refund claims in the prior year quarter. 

NOTE 10   COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  See Part 1, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Regulatory Matters-CFPB Investigation,  for information regarding the Company s previously disclosed receipt of a Civil Investigative Demand ( CID ) from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) on March 12, 2014 and receipt of a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise ("NORA") letter from the CFPB on August 7, 2015 and the Company s responses thereto. 
    
  As previously disclosed, on April 22, 2014, a shareholder filed a putative class action complaint, Edna Selan Epstein v. World Acceptance Corporation et al., in the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina (case number 6:14-cv-01606) (the "Edna Epstein Putative Class Action"), against the Company and certain of its current and former officers on behalf of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s common stock between April 25, 2013 and March 12, 2014. Two amended complaints have been filed by the plaintiffs, and several other motions have been filed in the proceedings. The complaint, as currently amended, alleges that (i) the Company made false and misleading statements in various SEC reports and other public statements in violation of federal securities laws preceding the Company s disclosure in a Form 8-K filed March 13, 2014 that it had received the above-referenced CID from the CFPB (ii) the Company s loan growth and volume figures were inflated because of a weakness in the Company s internal controls relating to its accounting treatment of certain small-dollar loan re-financings and (iii) additional allegations regarding, among other things, the Company's receipt of a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise letter from the CFPB on August 7, 2015. The complaint seeks class certification for a class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company's common stock between January 30, 2013 and August 10, 2015, unspecified monetary damages, costs and attorneys' fees. The Company believes the complaint is without merit. On January 29, 2016, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint.  On August 24, 2016, the Court entered an order denying the defendants  motion to dismiss.  On September 28, 2016, the Lead Plaintiff filed a motion seeking to certify the action as a class action.  The time for the Company to respond to the Lead Plaintiff s motion for class certification has not yet expired.  On October 7, 2016, the defendants filed an answer to the complaint.  The parties are presently engaged in discovery.   

19 

     Table of Contents  

As previously disclosed, on July 15, 2015, a shareholder filed a putative derivative complaint, Irwin J. Lipton, et al. v. McLean, et al., in the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina (case number 6:15-cv-02796-MGL) (the  Lipton Derivative Action ), on behalf of the Company against certain of its current and former officers and directors. On September 21, 2015, another shareholder filed a putative derivative complaint, Paul Parshall, et al. v. McLean, et al., in the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina (case number 6:15-cv-03779-MGL) (the  Parshall Derivative Action ), asserting substantially similar claims on behalf of the Company against certain of its current and former officers and directors. On October 14, 2015, the Court entered an order consolidating the Lipton Derivative Action and the Parshall Derivative Action as In re World Acceptance Corp. Derivative Litigation (Lead Case No. 6:15-cv-02796-MGL). The plaintiffs subsequently filed an amended consolidated complaint, and the amended consolidated complaint alleges, among other things: (i) that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by disseminating false and misleading information to the Company s shareholders regarding the Company s loan growth, loan renewals, allowances for loan losses, revenue sources, revenue growth, compliance with GAAP, and the sufficiency of the Company s internal controls and accounting procedures; (ii) that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to ensure that the Company maintained adequate internal controls; (iii) that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to exercise prudent oversight and supervision of the Company s officers and other employees to ensure conformity with all applicable laws and regulations; (iv) that the defendants were unjustly enriched as a result of the compensation they received while allegedly breaching their fiduciary duties owed to the Company; (v) that the defendants wasted corporate assets by paying excessive compensation to certain of the Company s executive officers, awarding self-interested stock options to certain of the Company s officers and directors, incurring legal liability and legal costs to defend the defendants  unlawful actions, and authorizing the repurchase of Company stock at artificially inflated prices; (vi) that certain of the defendants breached their fiduciary duty to the Company by selling shares of the Company s stock at artificially inflated prices while in the possession of material, nonpublic information regarding the Company s financial condition; (vii) that the defendants violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making false and misleading statements regarding the Company s practices regarding loan renewals, loan modifications, and accounting for loans; (viii) that the defendants violated Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by failing to disclose alleged material facts in the Company s 2014 and 2015 proxy statements; and (ix) allegations similar to those made in connection with the Edna Epstein Putative Class Action described above. The amended consolidated complaint seeks, among other things, unspecified monetary damages and an order directing the Company to take steps to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply with applicable laws and to protect the Company and its shareholders from future wrongdoing such as that described in the consolidated complaint. The defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint on April 13, 2016. The plaintiffs filed responses in opposition, the defendants filed replies in further support of their motions to dismiss, and the defendants  motions to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint are currently pending before the Court. 
    
  In addition, from time to time the Company is involved in routine litigation matters relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business, including matters in which damages in various amounts are claimed. 
    
  Estimating an amount or range of possible losses resulting from litigation, government actions and other legal proceedings is inherently difficult and requires an extensive degree of judgment, particularly where the matters involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages, may involve fines, penalties or damages that are discretionary in amount, involve a large number of claimants or significant discretion by regulatory authorities, represent a change in regulatory policy or interpretation, present novel legal theories, are in the early stages of the proceedings, are subject to appeal or could result in a change in business practices. In addition, because most legal proceedings are resolved over extended periods of time, potential losses are subject to change due to, among other things, new developments, changes in legal strategy, the outcome of intermediate procedural and substantive rulings and other parties  settlement posture and their evaluation of the strength or weakness of their case against us. For these reasons, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or a range of possible losses resulting from, the matters described above. Based on information currently available, the Company does not believe that any reasonably possible losses arising from currently pending legal matters will be material to the Company s results of operations or financial condition. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in any particular reporting period. 

NOTE 11   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued.  Management is not aware of any significant events occurring subsequent to the balance sheet date that would have a material effect on the financial statements thereby requiring adjustment or disclosure. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  Item 2.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
    
  This report on Form 10-Q, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains various  forward-looking statements,  within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on management s belief and assumptions, as well as information currently available to management.  Statements other than those of historical fact, as well as those identified by the words  anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   plan,   expect,   believe,   may,   will,   should,  "would," "could," and any variation of the foregoing and similar expressions are forward-looking statements.  Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.  Any such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company s actual financial results, performance or financial condition may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or expected.   
    
  Among the key factors that could cause our actual financial results, performance or condition to differ from the expectations expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements are the following: recently enacted, proposed or future legislation and the manner in which it is implemented; the nature and scope of regulatory authority, particularly discretionary authority, that may be exercised by regulators, including, but not limited to, the CFPB, having jurisdiction over the Company s business or consumer financial transactions generically; the unpredictable nature of regulatory proceedings and litigation; any determinations, findings, claims or actions made or taken by the CFPB, other regulators or other third parties in connection with or resulting from the CID that assert or establish that the Company s lending practices or other aspects of its business violate applicable laws or regulations; the impact of changes in accounting rules and regulations, or their interpretation or application, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s reported consolidated financial statements or necessitate material delays or changes in the issuance of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements; the Company's assessment of its internal control over financial reporting, and the timing and effectiveness of the Company's efforts to remediate any reported material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting, which could lead the Company to report further or unremediated material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting; changes in interest rates; risks relating to expansion and foreign operations; risks inherent in making loans, including repayment risks and value of collateral; the timing and amount of revenues that may be recognized by the Company; changes in current revenue and expense trends (including trends affecting delinquency and charge-offs); changes in the Company s markets and general changes in the economy (particularly in the markets served by the Company).  These and other risks are discussed in more detail in Part 1, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in the Company's most recent report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   filed with the SEC, and in the Company s other reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC from time to time.  The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements it may make. 

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth certain information derived from the Company's consolidated statements of operations and balance sheets, as well as operating data and ratios, for the periods indicated (unaudited): 

21 

     Table of Contents  

(1)   
    Average gross loans receivable have been determined by averaging month-end gross loans receivable over the indicated period. 
               (2)   
    Average net loans receivable have been determined by averaging month-end gross loans receivable less unearned interest and deferred fees over the indicated period. 
               (3)   
    Operating income is computed as total revenues less provision for loan losses and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues. 

Comparison of three months ended   September 30, 2016   versus three months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net income was   $15.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a   19.3%     decrease   from the   $19.2 million   earned during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Operating income (revenue less provision for loan losses and general and administrative expenses)   decreased   by   $5.5 million  , or   15.5%  .  Interest expense   decreased   by   $1.8 million  , or   24.1%  .  Income tax expense   decreased   by   $30.7 thousand  , or   0.3%  . 
    
  Total revenue   decreased   by   $7.1 million  , or   5.2%  , to   $129.3 million   during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   from   $136.4 million   for the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  
    
  Interest and fee income for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $7.0 million  , or   5.6%  , from the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  The decrease was primarily due to a corresponding decrease in average earning loans and an unfavorable move in exchange rates. 
    
  Insurance commissions and other income for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $0.2 million  , or   1.3%  , from the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  Insurance commissions decreased by approximately $1.2 million, or 10.5%, during the three months when compared to the same period in the prior year.  Insurance commissions decreased primarily due to a decrease in loans where our insurance products are available to our customer.  Other income increased by approximately $1.0 million from the prior year quarter.  Other income was negatively impacted in the prior year quarter by a buyback of charged-off accounts sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. The buyback resulted in a $1.5 million net loss during the second quarter of fiscal 2016. Excluding the prior year loss, other income decreased by approximately $0.5 million which was primarily due to a decrease in ParaData sales revenue. 
    
  The provision for loan losses during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $1.7 million  , or   4.5%   from the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  This decrease is due primarily to the Company recording an additional $5.0 million provision during the prior year second quarter. This was off-set by an increase in net charge-offs and a larger increase in accounts 90 days past due quarter over quarter.  Net charge-offs as a percentage of average net loans on an annualized basis increased from 13.6% to 15.6% when comparing the two quarterly periods, partially due to the Company's recording a sale of accounts previously charged-off during the quarter ending September 30, 2015. The sale, which totaled approximately $0.3 million, increased recoveries and, therefore, decreased net charge-offs in that period. There were no sales recorded in the current period. Net charge-offs excluding the impact of the charge-off sale were up $2.1 million.  U.S. accounts that were 61 days or more past due increased to 5.3% on a recency basis and to 7.0% on a contractual basis at September 30, 2016, compared to 4.8% and 6.5%, respectively, at September  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

30, 2015. On a consolidated basis, accounts that were 61 days or more past due increased to 5.5% on a recency basis and to 7.7% on a contractual basis at September 30, 2016, compared to 5.0% and 7.0%, respectively, at September 30, 2015. As a result of the higher delinquencies, our allowance to net loans increased from 9.5% at September 30, 2015 to 9.7% at September 30, 2016.  
    
  General and administrative (G A) expenses for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     increased   by   $20,000  , or   0.03%   from the corresponding quarter of the previous year.   Personnel expenses increased $1.0 million when comparing the two quarterly periods. The prior year quarter benefited from the release of expense previously accrued under the Group B performance based restricted stock awards. The release in the prior quarter resulted in a decrease in personnel expense of approximately $2.6 million. Personnel expense in the prior year quarter also benefited from the release of accruals related to the retirement of the previous CEO. The impact of the reversal on the prior year was $1.5 million. Occupancy expense decreased $1.4 million quarter over quarter which is primarily related to a $1.3 million loss taken in the prior year quarter as a result of the sale of the corporate jet. The Company s advertising expense increased $700,000 from prior year quarter as the Company shifted its marketing spend from the first quarter to the second quarter. 
    
  Interest expense for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $1.8 million  , or   24.1%   from the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The decrease in interest expense is due to a 26.1% decrease in the average debt outstanding, from $493.9 million to $365.0 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
    
  The Company s effective income tax rate increased to   36.6%   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   31.8%   for the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to the decrease in reserves related to an initial state ruling in favor of the Company and state refund claims in the prior year quarter. 
    
  Comparison of six months ended September 30, 2016 versus six months ended September 30, 2015 
    
  Net income was $32.1 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016, a 25.0% decrease from the $42.8 million earned during the six months ended September 30, 2015.  Operating income (revenue less provision for loan losses and general and administrative expenses) decreased by $16.8 million, or 21.3%.  Interest expense decreased by $1.6 million, or 12.8%.  Income tax expense decreased by $4.4 million, or 19.1%. 
    
  Total revenue decreased by $17.3 million, or 6.3%, to $256.3 million during the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $273.6 million for the corresponding period of the previous year.  
    
  Interest and fee income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $15.8 million, or 6.4%, from the corresponding period of the previous year.  The decrease was due primarily to a corresponding decrease in average earning loans and an unfavorable move in exchange rates.  The move in the exchange rate had a negative impact of approximately $3.3 million on the current period s revenue compared to the prior year. 
    
  Insurance commissions and other income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $1.5 million, or 5.6%, from the corresponding period of the previous year.  Insurance commissions decreased by approximately $2.0 million, or 9.1%, during the six months when compared to the same period in the prior year.  Insurance commissions decreased primarily due to a decrease in loans where our insurance products are available to the customer.  Other income increased by approximately $0.5 million, or 11.9%.  
    
  The provision for loan losses during the six months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $4.1 million, or 6.4% from the corresponding period of the previous year.  This increase is due primarily to net charge-offs increasing by $6.9 million. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average net loans on an annualized basis increased from 12.8% to 15.3% when comparing the two periods, partially due to the Company's recording three sales of accounts previously charged-off during the six months ended September 30, 2015. The sales, which totaled approximately $2.1 million, increased recoveries and, therefore, decreased net charge-offs in that period.  There were no sales recorded in the current period. Net charge-offs excluding the impact of the charge-off sale were up $4.8 million.  
    
  General and administrative (G A) expenses for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $4.6 million, or 3.5% from the corresponding period of the previous year. Overall, general and administrative expenses, when divided by average open offices, decreased by approximately 3.1% when comparing the two periods. The total general and administrative expense as a percent of total revenue was 49.3% for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and was 47.9% for the six months ended September 30, 2015. Personnel expenses decreased by $0.3 million despite the prior year benefiting from the release of expense previously accrued under the Group B performance-based restricted stock awards.  The release resulted in a decrease in personnel expense of approximately $6.0 million during the prior period. Personnel expense in the prior year also benefited from the net release of accruals related to resignation of a senior vice president and the retirement of the previous CEO.  The net impact of the reversals  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

on the prior year was $3.3 million. Occupancy expense decreased $1.3 million from prior year which is related to a $1.3 million loss taken in the prior year quarter as a result of the sale of the corporate jet.  The Company has also seen a reduction in G A expense related to the cessation of field calls. 
    
  Interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $1.6 million, or 12.8% from the corresponding period of the previous year. The decrease is the result of a 25.2% decrease in the average debt outstanding, from $489.3 million to $366.2 million for the periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
    
  The Company s effective income tax rate increased to 37.0% for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 35.2% for the corresponding period of the previous year.   The increase was primarily do to the decrease in reserves related to a state ruling  in favor of the Company and state refund claims in the prior year period. 

Regulatory Matters 
    
  CFPB Investigation 
    
  As previously disclosed, on March 12, 2014, the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand ( CID ) from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ). The stated purpose of the CID is to determine whether the Company has been or is  engaging in unlawful acts or practices in connection with the marketing, offering, or extension of credit in violation of Sections 1031 and 1036 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, 12 U.S.C.    5531, 5536, the Truth in Lending Act, 15 U.S.C.    1601, et seq., Regulation Z, 12 C.F.R. pt. 1026, or any other Federal consumer financial law  and  also to determine whether Bureau action to obtain legal or equitable relief would be in the public interest.  The Company responded, within the deadlines specified in the CID, to broad requests for production of documents, answers to interrogatories and written reports related to loans made by the Company and numerous other aspects of the Company s business. 
    
  Also as previously disclosed, on August 7, 2015,  the Company received a letter from the CFPB s Enforcement Office notifying the Company that, in accordance with the CFPB s discretionary Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise ( NORA ) process, the staff of CFPB s Enforcement Office is considering recommending that the CFPB take legal action against the Company (the  NORA Letter ).  The NORA Letter states that the staff of the CFPB s Enforcement Office expects to allege that the Company violated the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, 12 U.S.C.  5536.  The NORA Letter confirms that the Company has the opportunity to make a NORA submission, which is a written statement setting forth any reasons of law or policy why the Company believes the CFPB should not take legal action against it.  The Company understands that a NORA Letter is intended to ensure that potential subjects of enforcement actions have the opportunity to present their positions to the CFPB before an enforcement action is recommended or commenced. 
    
  The Company has made NORA submissions to the CFPB s Enforcement Office.  The Company expects that there will continue to be additional requests or demands for information from the CFPB and ongoing interactions between the CFPB, the Company and Company counsel as part of the investigation. We are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of the CFPB investigation. While the Company believes its marketing and lending practices are lawful, there can be no assurance that the CFPB's ongoing investigation or future exercise of its enforcement, regulatory, discretionary or other powers will not result in findings or alleged violations of federal consumer financial protection laws that could lead to enforcement actions, proceedings or litigation and the imposition of damages, fines, penalties, restitution, other monetary liabilities, sanctions, settlements or changes to the Company s business practices or operations that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations or eliminate altogether the Company's ability to operate its business profitably or on terms substantially similar to those on which it currently operates.  See Part I, Item 1,  Business- Government Regulation-Federal legislation  and Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 for a further discussion of these matters and federal regulations to which the Company s operations are subject. 
    
  CFPB Proposed Rulemaking Initiatives 
    
  On June 2, 2016, the CFPB announced proposed rules under its unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices rulemaking authority relating to payday, vehicle title, and similar loans. The proposal would cover short-term loans with a contractual term of 45 days or less, as well as  longer-term loans  with a term of longer than 45 days with an all-in annualized percentage rate of interest ( APR ) in excess of 36% in which the lender has either a non-purchase money security interest in the consumer s vehicle or the right to collect repayment from the consumer s bank account or paycheck. The CFPB s  longer-term  credit proposals seek to address a concern that consumers suffer harm if lenders fail to reasonably underwrite loans but take a security interest in the consumer s vehicle or access to repayment from a consumer s account or wages. Although the Company does not make loans with terms of 45 days or less or obtain access to a customer s bank account or paycheck for repayment of any of its loans, it does make some vehicle-secured loans with an APR within the scope of the proposal. The proposals would require a lender, as a condition  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

of making a covered longer-term loan, to first make a good-faith reasonable determination that the consumer has the ability to repay the covered longer-term loan without reborrowing or defaulting. The proposals would require a lender to consider and verify the amount and timing of the consumer s income, the consumer s major financial obligations, and the consumer s borrowing history prior to making a covered loan.  Lenders would also be required to determine that a consumer is able to make all projected payments under the covered longer-term loan as those payments are due, while still fulfilling other major financial obligations and meeting living expenses. This ability to repay assessment would apply to both the initial longer-term loan and to any subsequent refinancing. In addition, the proposals would include a rebuttable presumption that customers seeking to refinance a covered longer-term loan lack an  ability to repay  if at the time of refinancing: (i) the borrower was delinquent by more than seven days or had recently been delinquent on an outstanding loan within the past 30 days; (ii) the borrower stated or indicated an inability to make a scheduled payment within the past 30 days; (iii) the refinancing would result in the first scheduled payment to be due in a longer period of time than between the time of refinancing the loan and the next regularly scheduled payment on the outstanding loan; or (iv) the refinancing would not provide the consumer a disbursement of funds or an amount that would not substantially exceed the amount of payment due on the outstanding loan within 30 days of refinancing. To overcome this presumption of inability to repay, the lender would have to verify an improvement in the borrower s financial capacity to indicate an ability to repay the additional extension of credit. These proposals are subject to possible change before any final rules would be issued and implemented and we cannot predict what the ultimate rulemaking will provide. The Company does not believe that these proposals as currently described by the CFPB would have a material impact on the Company s existing lending procedures, because the Company currently underwrites all its loans (including those secured by a vehicle title that would fall within the scope of these proposals) by reviewing the customer s ability to repay based on the Company s standards. However, there can be no assurance that these proposals for longer-term loans, if and when implemented in final rulemaking, would not require changes to the Company s practices and procedures for such loans that could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to make such loans, the cost of making such loans, the Company s ability to, or frequency with which it could, refinance any such loans, and the profitability of such loans. Any final rulemaking also could have effects beyond those contemplated in the initial proposal that could further materially and adversely impact our business and operations. 
    
  The CFPB also stated that it expects to conduct separate rulemaking to identify larger participants in the installment lending market for purposes of its supervision program. Though the timing of any such rulemaking is uncertain, the Company believes that the implementation of such rules would likely bring the Company s business under the CFPB s supervisory authority which, among other things, would subject the Company to reporting obligations to, and on-site compliance examinations by, the CFPB. 
    
  On May 5, 2016, the CFPB announced proposed rules to regulate the use of arbitration agreements in consumer financial products or services.  The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to conduct a formal study of arbitration agreements and, if certain conditions were met, regulate the use of arbitration agreements through a rulemaking.  The CFPB s proposal would apply to installment loans, credit cards, checking and deposit accounts, prepaid cards, money transfer services, auto title loans, small dollar or payday loans, and several other types of financial products or services.  As specified, the proposal would affect arbitration agreements in two primary ways.  First, it would require any arbitration agreement subject to the rule to provide explicitly that the arbitration agreement is inapplicable to cases filed in court on behalf of a class unless and until class certification is denied or the class claims are dismissed.  Second, the proposal would require persons subject to the rulemaking, and who continue to use arbitration agreements, to submit information on initial claim filings and awards to the CFPB.  Such claims or awards information could ultimately be published by the CFPB.  The Company does not believe that these proposals as currently described by the CFPB would have a material impact on the Company s existing operations.  While the Company does use arbitration agreements, if the CFPB adopts a final rule as proposed, the Company expects to modify its contracts to conform to the rule.  Such a change could lead to increased legal costs for the Company, but it should not otherwise materially affect the Company s core business of making loans.  However, any final rulemaking also could have effects beyond those contemplated in the initial proposal that could further materially and adversely impact the Company s business and operations. 
    
  See Part I, Item 1,  Business- Government Regulation-Federal legislation  and Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 for a further discussion of these matters and federal regulations to which the Company s operations are subject. 
    
  New Mexico Rate Cap Bills 
    
  On January 26, 2016, members of the New Mexico House Business and Employment Commitment tabled measures that would have led to the introduction of a House Bill which would propose a 36% rate cap on all financial lending products.  The Company, through its state and federal trade associations, is working in opposition to this pending legislation; however, it is uncertain whether these efforts will be successful in preventing the passage of the legislation.  The Company's operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, and changes in those laws or regulations or their application could have a material, adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, prospects or ability to continue operations in the jurisdictions affected by these changes.  See Part I, Item 1,  Description of Business-Government Regulation  and Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Company's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 for more information regarding these regulations and related risks. 
    
  Military Lending Act Regulations 
    
  On July 22, 2015 the Department of Defense (the  DoD ) amended its regulations implementing the Military Lending Act (the  MLA ) by issuing final regulations (the  Final Rule ).  Prior MLA regulations prohibited creditors from making payday loans, non-purchase money motor vehicle title loans with a term of less than 181 days, and refund anticipation loans to  covered borrowers,  which includes members of the armed forces (i) on active duty; (ii) on active Guard and Reserve Duty; and (iii) their dependents if the annual percentage rate of interest ( APR ) exceeded 36%.  The Company did not make any of the loans covered under the prior MLA regulations. However, the Final Rule expands the MLA and its 36% APR cap to cover a broader range of credit products.  The Final Rule covers credit offered or extended to a  covered borrower  primarily for personal, family, or household purposes that is either subject to a finance charge or payable by a written agreement in more than four installments.  The Final Rule mandates, among other things, that a creditor must provide both oral and written disclosures, including an all-inclusive APR referred to as the Military Annual Percentage Rate ( MAPR ), and must not require arbitration in agreements with  covered borrowers."  Additionally, the Final Rule prohibits creditors from entering into any credit transactions with covered borrowers that use the title of a vehicle as security for the credit obligation.  Creditors may elect to check a borrower s status as a  covered borrower  either in a database maintained by the DoD or through a nationwide consumer reporting agency before entering into a consumer credit transaction.  Doing so provides a creditor with a legally conclusive determination as to the borrower s status and affords the creditor a safe harbor from liability as to the  covered borrower  determination.  While the Final Rule became effective on October 1, 2015, the limitations in the Final Rule apply only to consumer credit transactions or accounts for consumer credit consummated or established on or after October 3, 2016.  As such, effective September 1, 2016, the Company elected to no longer make loans to covered borrowers (active duty military personnel and their dependents) due to these new restrictions in the law.  The Company believes the implementation of the Final Rule will not adversely affect its operations or financial condition. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  The Company has financed and continues to finance its operations, acquisitions and office expansion through a combination of cash flows from operations and borrowings from its institutional lenders.  The Company has generally applied its cash flows from operations to fund its loan volume, fund acquisitions, repay long-term indebtedness, and repurchase its common stock.  As the Company's gross loans receivable increased from $972.7 million at March 31, 2012 to $1,067.0 million at March 31, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal years 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $206.1 million, $241.9 million, $246.0 million, $232.0 million and  $219.4 million, respectively. 
    
  The Company continues to believe stock repurchases to be a viable component of the Company s long-term financial strategy and an excellent use of excess cash when the opportunity arises.  However, our amended credit facility now requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from our lenders holding at least 66-2/3% of the aggregate commitments before repurchasing additional shares. 
    
  The Company plans to open or acquire 15 branches in the United States and 10 branches in Mexico during fiscal   2017  . Expenditures by the Company to open and furnish new offices averaged approximately $27,000 per branch during fiscal   2016  . New branches have also required from $100,000 to $400,000 to fund outstanding loans receivable originated during their first 12 months of operation.  During the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company opened   6   new branches and   23   branches were merged into existing branches. 
    
  The Company   did not complete any     acquisitions   during the first   six   months of fiscal   2017  . The Company may acquire new offices or receivables from its competitors or acquire offices in communities not currently served by the Company if attractive opportunities arise as conditions in local economies and the financial circumstances of owners change.    
    
  The Company has a revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks. The revolving credit facility provides for revolving borrowings of up to the lesser of (1) the aggregate commitments under the facility and (2) a borrowing base, and includes a   $1.5 million   letter of credit subfacility.  At   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate commitments under the credit facility were   $460.0 million  .  In July 2016, the credit facility was amended to, among other things, extend the term through June 15, 2018 and reduce the aggregate commitments to $460 million.  The aggregate commitments will further reduce to $370.0 million on March 31, 2017. The amended facility has an accordion feature pursuant to which the Company may request an increase in the aggregate amount of the commitments under the revolving credit facility, provided that the aggregate amount of the commitments will not exceed $500 million.  The borrowing base limitation is equal to the product of (a) the Company s eligible finance receivables, less unearned finance charges, insurance premiums and insurance commissions, and (b) an advance rate percentage that ranges from 79% to 85% based on a collateral performance indicator, as more completely described below.  Further, the administrative agent under  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

the revolving credit facility has the right at any time, and from time to time in its permitted discretion (but without any obligation), to set aside reasonable reserves against the borrowing base in such amounts as it may deem appropriate, including, without limitation, reserves with respect to regulatory events or any increased operational, legal or regulatory risk. 
    
  Funds borrowed under the revolving credit facility bear interest at the LIBOR rate plus 4.0% per annum, with a minimum rate of 5.0%.  During the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , the effective interest rate, including the commitment fee and amortization of debt issuance costs, on borrowings under the revolving credit facility was   5.9%  .  The Company pays a commitment fee equal to 0.50% per annum of the daily unused portion of the commitments.  On   September 30, 2016  ,   $360.6 million   was outstanding under this facility, and there was   $97.9 million   of unused borrowing availability under the borrowing base limitations.  
    
  The Company s obligations under the revolving credit facility, together with treasury management and hedging obligations owing to any lender under the revolving credit facility or any affiliate of any such lender, are required to be guaranteed by each of the Company s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries.  The obligations of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors under the revolving credit facility, together with such treasury management and hedging obligations, are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all assets of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors. 
    
  The agreement governing the Company s revolving credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur or guarantee indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends and repurchase or redeem capital stock, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments, redeem or prepay subordinated debt, amend subordinated debt documents, make changes in the nature of its business, and engage in transactions with affiliates.  The agreement also contains financial covenants, including a minimum consolidated net worth of $330.0 million, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.5 to 1.0, a maximum ratio of total debt to consolidated adjusted net worth of 2.75 to 1.0, and a maximum ratio of subordinated debt to consolidated adjusted net worth of 1.0 to 1.0.  The agreement allows the Company to incur subordinated debt that matures after the termination date for the revolving credit facility and that contains specified subordination terms, subject to limitations on amount imposed by the financial covenants under the agreement.   
    
  In addition, the agreement establishes a maximum specified level for the collateral performance indicator.  The collateral performance indicator is equal to the sum of (1) a three-month rolling average rate of receivables at least sixty days past due and (2) an eight-month rolling average net charge-off rate.  The Company was in compliance with these covenants at   September 30, 2016   and does not believe that these covenants will materially limit its business and expansion strategy. 
    
  The agreement contains events of default including, without limitation, nonpayment of principal, interest or other obligations, violation of covenants, misrepresentation, cross-default to other debt, bankruptcy and other insolvency events, judgments, certain ERISA events, actual or asserted invalidity of loan documentation, invalidity of subordination provisions of subordinated debt, certain changes of control of the Company, and the occurrence of certain regulatory events (including the entry of any stay, order, judgment, ruling or similar event related to the Company s or any of its subsidiaries  originating, holding, pledging, collecting or enforcing its eligible finance receivables that is material to the Company or any subsidiary) which remains unvacated, undischarged, unbonded or unstayed by appeal or otherwise for a period of 60 days from the date of its entry and is reasonably likely to cause a material adverse change. 
    
  The Company believes that cash flow from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit facility or other sources will be adequate to fund the expected cost of opening or acquiring new branches, including funding initial operating losses of new branches and funding loans receivable originated by those branches and the Company's other branches (for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future beyond that).  Except as otherwise discussed in this report and in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended   March 31, 2016  , including, but not limited to,  any discussions in Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" (as supplemented by any subsequent disclosures in information the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC from time to time), management is not currently aware of any trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that it believes will or could result in, or are or could be reasonably likely to result in, any material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity.  

27 

Table of Contents  

Share Repurchase Program 
    
  The Company's historical long-term profitability has demonstrated over many years our ability to generate excess cash flow from our operations.  We have and intend to continue to use our cash flow and excess capital to repurchase shares, assuming we are able to obtain the required consent of our lenders and that the repurchased shares are accretive to earnings per share. 
    
  Since 1996, the Company has repurchased approximately 18.1 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $849.2 million.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had $11.5 million in aggregate board-approved outstanding stock repurchase authorizations.  As of   September 30, 2016   our debt outstanding was   $360.6 million   and our shareholders' equity was   $417.8 million  , resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.9:1.0.  Our first priority is to ensure we have enough capital to fund loan growth.  We will also evaluate acquisition opportunities as they arise.  To the extent we have excess capital and our lenders under the revolving credit facility provide consent, we intend to continue repurchasing stock, as authorized by our Board of Directors, which is consistent with our past practice. 
   
  Inflation 
    
  The Company does not believe that inflation, within reasonably anticipated rates, will have a material, adverse effect on its financial condition.  Although inflation would increase the Company s operating costs in absolute terms, the Company expects that the same decrease in the value of money would result in an increase in the size of loans demanded by its customer base.  It is reasonable to anticipate that such a change in customer preference would result in an increase in total loans receivable and an increase in absolute revenue to be generated from that larger amount of loans receivable.  That increase in absolute revenue should offset any increase in operating costs.  In addition, because the Company s loans have a relatively short contractual term, it is unlikely that loans made at any given point in time will be repaid with significantly inflated dollars. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Quarterly Information and Seasonality 
    
  See Note 2 to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 2 to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

29 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  The Company s accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with U.S. GAAP and conform to general practices within the finance company industry.  Certain accounting policies involve significant judgment by the Company s management, including the use of estimates and assumptions which affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses.  As a result, changes in these estimates and assumptions could significantly affect the Company s financial position and results of operations.  The Company considers its policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, share-based compensation and income taxes to be its most critical accounting policies due to the significant degree of management judgment involved. 
    
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
    
  The Company has developed processes and procedures for assessing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses that take into consideration various assumptions and estimates with respect to the loan portfolio.  The Company s assumptions and estimates may be affected in the future by changes in economic conditions, among other factors.  Additional information concerning the allowance for loan losses is discussed under Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Credit Quality  in the Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  . 
    
  Share-Based Compensation 
    
  The Company measures compensation cost for share-based awards at fair value and recognizes compensation over the service period for awards expected to vest.  The fair value of restricted stock is based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the Company s common stock at the time of grant, and the fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model.  The Black-Scholes model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected life, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate.  In addition, the estimation of share-based awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from the Company s current estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised.  The Company considers many factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of awards and historical experience.  Actual results and future changes in estimates may differ substantially from the Company s current estimates. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Management uses certain assumptions and estimates in determining income taxes payable or refundable, deferred income tax liabilities and assets for events recognized differently in its financial statements and income tax returns, and income tax expense.  Determining these amounts requires analysis of certain transactions and interpretation of tax laws and regulations.  Management exercises considerable judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting income tax liabilities and assets.  These judgments and estimates are re-evaluated on a periodic basis as regulatory and business factors change. 
    
  No assurance can be given that either the tax returns submitted by management or the income tax reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements will not be adjusted by either adverse rulings, changes in the tax code, or assessments made by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), state, or foreign taxing authorities.  The Company is subject to potential adverse adjustments, including but not limited to: an increase in the statutory federal or state income tax rates, the permanent non-deductibility of amounts currently considered deductible either now or in future periods, and the dependency on the generation of future taxable income in order to ultimately realize deferred income tax assets. 
    
  Under FASB ASC Topic 740, the Company will include the current and deferred tax impact of its tax positions in the financial statements when it is more likely than not (likelihood of greater than 50%) that such positions will be sustained by taxing authorities, with full knowledge of relevant information, based on the technical merits of the tax position.  While the Company supports its tax positions by unambiguous tax law, prior experience with the taxing authority, and analysis of what it considers to be all relevant facts, circumstances and regulations, management must still rely on assumptions and estimates to determine the overall likelihood of success and proper quantification of a given tax position. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s financial instruments consisted of the following: cash and cash equivalents, loans receivable and senior notes payable.  Fair value approximates carrying value for all of these instruments.  Loans receivable are originated at prevailing market rates and have an average life of approximately   eight months  .  Given the short-term nature of these loans, they are continually repriced at current market rates.  The Company s outstanding debt under its revolving credit facility was   $360.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  Interest on borrowing under this facility is based on the greater of 5.0% or one month LIBOR plus 4.0%. 
    
  Based on the outstanding balance at   September 30, 2016  , a change of 1.0% in the interest rates would cause a change in interest expense of approximately $1.9 million on an annual basis. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
    
  The Company operates offices in Mexico, where its local businesses utilize the Mexican peso as their functional currency.  The consolidated financial statements of the Company are denominated in U.S. dollars and are, therefore, subject to fluctuation as the U.S. dollar and Mexican peso foreign exchange rates change.  International revenue from our non-U.S. operations accounted for approximately 8.1% and 7.8% of total revenue during the   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  There have been, and there may continue to be, period-to-period fluctuations in the relative portions of our international revenue to total consolidated revenue. 
    
  Our international operations are subject to risks, including but not limited to differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, social unrest, labor union dynamics that can affect the collectability of our payroll deduct product, differing tax structures, other regulations and restrictions, and foreign exchange rate volatility.  Accordingly, our future consolidated financial position as well as our consolidated results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in these or other factors.  Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely impact our financial position as the assets and liabilities of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars in preparing our consolidated balance sheet.  Our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations arises in part from balances in our intercompany accounts included on our subsidiary balance sheets.  These intercompany accounts are denominated in the functional currency of the foreign subsidiaries and are translated to U.S. dollars at each reporting period end. Additionally, foreign exchange rate fluctuations may impact our consolidated results from operations as exchange rate fluctuations will impact the amounts reported in our consolidated statement of income.  The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our consolidated financial position is recognized within shareholders  equity through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  The net translation adjustment for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   was a loss of approximately $  7.5 million  .  The Company s foreign currency exchange rate exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material effect on the Company s financial results.  The Company will continue to monitor and assess the effect of foreign currency fluctuations and may institute hedging strategies. 
    
  The Company performs a foreign exchange sensitivity analysis on a quarterly basis which assumes a hypothetical 10% increase and decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Mexican peso.  The foreign exchange risk sensitivity of both net loans receivable and consolidated net income is assessed using hypothetical scenarios and assumes that earnings in Mexican pesos are recognized evenly throughout a period.  The actual results may differ from the results noted in the tables below particularly due to assumptions utilized or if events occur that were not included in the methodology. 
    
  The foreign exchange risk sensitivity of net loans denominated in Mexican pesos and translated into U.S. dollars, which were approximately $59.7 million and $56.8 million at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, on the reported consolidated net loans receivable amount is summarized in the following table: 

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the results of the foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on reported consolidated net income as of the dates indicated below: 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
    
  There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the 
  Exchange Act) that occurred during period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
    
  Based on management s evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings 
    
  See Note 10 to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes; except for the updated risk factors listed below, to the risk factors previously disclosed under Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016. 
    
  Federal legislative or regulatory proposals, initiatives, actions or changes that are adverse to our operations or result in adverse regulatory proceedings, or our failure to comply with existing or future federal laws and regulations, could force us to modify, suspend or cease part or all of our nationwide operations. 
    
  We are subject to numerous federal laws and regulations that affect our lending operations. Although these laws and regulations have remained substantially unchanged for many years, the laws and regulations directly affecting our lending activities have been under review and subject to change in recent years as a result of various developments and changes in economic conditions, the make-up of the executive and legislative branches of government, and the political and media focus on issues of consumer and borrower protection. Any changes in such laws and regulations could force us to modify, suspend or cease part, or, in the worst case, all of our existing operations. It is also possible that the scope of federal regulations could change or expand in such a way as to preempt what has traditionally been state law regulation of our business activities. 
    
  In July 2010 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) was enacted. The Dodd-Frank Act restructured and enhanced the regulation and supervision of the financial services industry and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), an agency with sweeping regulatory and enforcement authority over consumer financial transactions. Although the Dodd-Frank Act prohibits the CFPB from setting interest rates on consumer loans, efforts to create a federal usury cap, applicable to all consumer credit transactions and substantially below rates at which the Company could create to operate profitably, are still ongoing. Any federal legislative or regulatory action that severely restricts or prohibits the provision of small-loan consumer credit and similar services on terms substantially similar to those we currently provide would, if enacted, have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Any federal law that would impose a 36% or similar annualized credit rate cap on our services would, if enacted, almost certainly eliminate our ability to continue our current operations. 
    
  The CFPB s rulemaking and enforcement authority extends to certain non-depository institutions, including us. The CFPB is specifically authorized, among other things, to take actions to prevent companies providing consumer financial products or services and their service providers from engaging in unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with consumer financial products and services, and to issue rules requiring enhanced disclosures for consumer financial products or services. The CFPB may also issue regulations regarding the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in consumer financial markets, but only after conducting a study of the matter as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. The CFPB also has authority to interpret, enforce, and issue regulations implementing enumerated consumer laws, including certain laws that apply to our business. Further, the CFPB has authority to designate non-depository  larger participants  in certain markets for consumer financial services and products for purposes of the CFPB s supervisory authority under the Dodd-Frank Act. Such designated  larger participants  are subject to reporting and on-site compliance examinations by the CFPB, which may result in increased compliance costs and potentially greater enforcement risks based on these supervisory activities. Although the CFPB has not yet developed a  larger participant  rule that directly covers the Company s installment lending business, in March 2015 in connection with the CFPB s discussion of a proposed rulemaking initiative described below, the CFPB stated that it expects to conduct separate rulemaking to identify larger participants in the installment lending market for purposes of its supervision program. Though the timing of any such rulemaking is uncertain, the Company believes that the implementation of such rules would likely bring the Company s business under the CFPB s direct supervisory authority. 
    
  On June 2, 2016, the CFPB announced proposed rules under its unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices rulemaking authority relating to payday, vehicle title, and similar loans. The proposal would cover short-term loans with a contractual term of 45 days or less, as well as  longer-term loans  with a term of longer than 45 days with an all-in annualized percentage rate of interest ( APR ) in excess of 36% in which the lender has either a non-purchase money security interest in the consumer s vehicle or the right to collect repayment from the consumer s bank account or paycheck. The CFPB s  longer-term  credit proposals seek to address a concern that it is an abusive and unfair practice if lenders fail to reasonably underwrite loans but take a security interest in the consumer s vehicle or access to repayment from a consumer s account or wages. Although the Company does not make loans with terms of 45 days or less or obtain access to a customer s bank account or paycheck for repayment of any of its loans,  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

it does make some vehicle-secured loans with an APR within the scope of the proposal. The proposals would require a lender, as a condition of making a covered longer-term loan, to first make a good-faith reasonable determination that the consumer has the ability to repay the covered longer-term loan without reborrowing or defaulting. The proposals would require a lender to consider and verify the amount and timing of the consumer s income, the consumer s major financial obligations, and the consumer s borrowing history prior to making a covered loan.  Lenders would also be required to determine that a consumer is able to make all projected payments under the covered longer-term loan as those payments are due, while still fulfilling other major financial obligations and meeting living expenses. This ability to repay assessment would apply to both the initial longer-term loan and to any subsequent refinancing. In addition, the proposals would include a rebuttable presumption that customers seeking to refinance a covered longer-term loan lack an  ability to repay  if at the time of refinancing: (i) the borrower was delinquent by more than seven days or had recently been delinquent on an outstanding loan within the past 30 days; (ii) the borrower stated or indicated an inability to make a scheduled payment within the past 30 days; (iii) the refinancing would result in the first scheduled payment to be due in a longer period of time than between the time of refinancing the loan and the next regularly scheduled payment on the outstanding loan; or (iv) the refinancing would not provide the consumer a disbursement of funds or an amount that would not substantially exceed the amount of payment due on the outstanding loan within 30 days of refinancing. To overcome this presumption of inability to repay, the lender would have to verify an improvement in the borrower s financial capacity to indicate an ability to repay the additional extension of credit. These proposals are subject to possible change before any final rules would be issued and implemented and we cannot predict what the ultimate rulemaking will provide. The Company does not believe that these proposals as currently described by the CFPB would have a material impact on the Company s existing lending procedures, because the Company currently underwrites all its loans (including those secured by a vehicle title that would fall within the scope of these proposals) by reviewing the customer s ability to repay based on the Company s standards. However, there can be no assurance that these proposals for longer-term loans, if and when implemented in final rulemaking, would not require changes to the Company s practices and procedures for such loans that could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to make such loans, the cost of making such loans, the Company s ability to, or frequency with which it could, refinance any such loans, and the profitability of such loans. Any final rulemaking also could have effects beyond those contemplated in the initial proposal that could further materially and adversely impact our business and operations. 
    
  On May 5, 2016, the CFPB announced proposed rules to regulate the use of arbitration agreements in consumer financial products or services. The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to conduct a formal study of arbitration agreements and, if certain conditions were met, regulate the use of arbitration agreements through a rulemaking. The CFPB s proposal would apply to installment loans, credit cards, checking and deposit accounts, prepaid cards, money transfer services, auto title loans, small dollar or payday loans, and several other types of financial products or services. As specified, the proposal would affect arbitration agreements in two primary ways. First, it would require any arbitration agreement subject to the rule to provide explicitly that the arbitration agreement is inapplicable to cases filed in court on behalf of a class unless and until class certification is denied or the class claims are dismissed. Second, the proposal would require persons subject to the rulemaking, and who continue to use arbitration agreements, to submit information on initial claim filings and awards to the CFPB. Such claims or awards information could ultimately be published by the CFPB.  The Company does not believe that these proposals as currently described by the CFPB would have a material impact on the Company s existing operations. While the Company does use arbitration agreements, if the CFPB adopts a final rule as proposed, the Company expects to modify its contracts to conform to the rule. Such a change could lead to increased legal costs for the Company, but it should not otherwise materially affect the Company s core business of making loans. However, any final rulemaking also could have effects beyond those contemplated in the initial proposal that could further materially and adversely impact the Company s business and operations. 
    
  In addition to the specific matters described above, other aspects of our business may be the subject of future CFPB rulemaking. The enactment of one or more of such regulatory changes, or the exercise of broad regulatory authority by regulators, including but not limited to, the CFPB, having jurisdiction over the Company s business or discretionary consumer financial transactions generically, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 
    
  On July 22, 2015 the Department of Defense (the  DoD ) amended its regulations implementing the Military Lending Act (the  MLA ) by issuing final regulations (the  Final Rule ).  Prior MLA regulations prohibited creditors from making payday loans, non-purchase money motor vehicle title loans with a term of less than 181 days, and refund anticipation loans to  covered borrowers,  which includes members of the armed forces (i) on active duty; (ii) on active Guard and Reserve Duty; and (iii) their dependents if the annual percentage rate of interest ( APR ) exceeded 36%.  The Company did not make any of the loans covered under the prior MLA regulations. However, the Final Rule expands the MLA and its 36% APR cap to cover a broader range of credit products.  The Final Rule covers credit offered or extended to a  covered borrower  primarily for personal, family, or household purposes that is either subject to a finance charge or payable by a written agreement in more than four installments.  The Final Rule mandates, among other things, that a creditor must provide both oral and written disclosures, including an all-inclusive APR referred to as the Military Annual Percentage Rate ( MAPR ), and must not require arbitration in agreements with  covered borrowers."  Additionally, the Final Rule prohibits creditors from entering into any credit transactions with covered borrowers that use the title of a vehicle as security for the credit obligation.  Creditors may elect to check a borrower s status as  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

a  covered borrower  either in a database maintained by the DoD or through a nationwide consumer reporting agency before entering into a consumer credit transaction.  Doing so provides a creditor with a legally conclusive determination as to the borrower s status and affords the creditor a safe harbor from liability as to the  covered borrower  determination.  While the Final Rule became effective on October 1, 2015, the limitations in the Final Rule apply only to consumer credit transactions or accounts for consumer credit consummated or established on or after October 3, 2016.  As such, effective September 1, 2016, the Company elected to no longer make loans to covered borrowers (active duty military personnel and their dependents) due to these new restrictions in the law.  The Company believes the implementation of the Final Rule will not adversely affect its operations or financial condition. 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The Company's credit agreements contain certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends on its capital stock.  See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources." 
    
  The Company did not repurchase any of its common stock during the   six months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.   Other Information 
    
  None. 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION, CONTINUED 
    
  Item 6.   Exhibits   

* 
    Submitted electronically herewith. 
      + 
    Management Contract or other compensatory plan required to be filed under Item 6 of this report and Item 601 of Regulation S-K of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

36 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION 

By:   /s/ Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 

By:   /s/ John L. Calmes, Jr. 

John L. Calmes, Jr. 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date:  
    November 4, 2016 

37 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 cavazosemploymentagreeme.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3 CAVAZOS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

cavazosemploymentagreeme  

1      INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO   AS THE  AGREEMENT  FOR AN UNDETERMINED PERIOD OF TIME   ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE   CORPORATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., HEREINAFTER REFERRED   TO AS THE  COMPANY , AND, ON THE OTHER HAND, MR. RICARDO   CAVAZOS SALDA A, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE  EMPLOYEE ,   IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING RECITALS AND CLAUSES:      B A C K G R O U N D      I. Whereas, the COMPANY and the EMPLOYEE entered into an Individual Employment   Agreement for an Undetermined Period of Time on February 16th, 2010, in which the   EMPLOYEE held the title of  Operations Vice-President , with the salary and benefits   determined in the aforementioned agreement.      II. Whereas, the COMPANY, based on the right performance that the EMPLOYEE has had   during his employment, has determined to set forth additional obligations, terms and   conditions governing the labor relationship between the EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY,   including to upgrade the benefits, responsibility and the title of the EMPLOYEE, effective   as of June 1st, 2016, and according to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.       R E C I T A L S      I. The COMPANY, through its legal representative, declares that:       a) It is a company formed and existing in accordance with the laws of Mexico and that   its main corporate purpose is to provide any kind of services to any individual or   entity in Mexican territory or in any other foreign territory.       b) It has its main business address at: Avenida Rafael Perez Serna #951-3, Colonia San   Lorenzo, in Ciudad Ju rez Chihuahua. However, due to the nature of the services   provided by the COMPANY, these will take place in several locations in Mexican   territory and any other foreign territory.       c) That its Federal Taxpayer Registry is SWA050523UZ2.       d) It requires the services of the EMPLOYEE, to execute the title of  Senior Vice-   President, Mexico , which primarily consist in the operation, supervision and   administration of the local branches and regions opened by the Company in Mexico   in such way that said branches and regions comply with their operational standards   and purposes, and in general, any other tasks that can be similar and which have   been assigned by the COMPANY to carry them out in any of their local branches or   offices that could be designated by the COMPANY in Mexican Territory.        e) The present Agreement is entered with the purpose of modifying and establishing   the new work relation conditions between the EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY in   M xico as of June 1st, 2016.          

2      II. The EMPLOYEE declares:       a) To be named as it has been stated.      b) To have forty three (43) years and eight (8) months, ever since he was born on 4th of   September of 1972.      c) To have Mexican nationality.      d) That his marital status is married.      e) To have his main domicile in Valle Encinos Poniente 12 Cruz con Valle de Varas,   Monterrey, Nuevo Le n, C.P. 64989.       This address was provided by the EMPLOYEE for all legal purposes that could take   place and specifically for the one indicated in Article 47th of the Mexican Federal   Labor Law ( Ley Federal del Trabajo ). Likewise, the EMPLOYEE declares that   this address is where he currently lives and establishes said address as the place to   receive notices and notifications from the COMPANY.       f) That he does not provide his services, subordinately or independently, for any other   employer than the COMPANY, nor receives any kind of salary from another   company, including any kind of compensation for any matter.      g) That his Federal Taxpayer Registry number is CASR7209044GA.      h) That his Single Population Registry Identity Number is CASR720904HNLVLC08.      i) That his Mexican Institute for Social Security ( IMSS ) number is 4395-72-7180-2.      j) That he has the necessary capacity, knowledge and experience to provide his   personal services to the COMPANY in accordance with the stipulations referred in   this Agreement.       k) That he has no legal impediment derived from any agreement or contract that could   have been entered with a third party that would inhibit the undertaking of the   services for which he is being hired for by the COMPANY.       l) That he understands and knows the nature of this Agreement and that the labors he   would provide have been explained to him, and that he has no objection whatsoever   for the execution of this Agreement.       III. Both parties declare that:         

3      a) In this Agreement are foreseen all the minimum labor conditions contemplated in   the Agreement entered into by the Parties on February 16th, 2010, which are   modified hereunder to upgrade the labor benefits and responsibilities of the   Employee;      b) That the terms and conditions of this Agreement are agreed in strict concordance   and respect of the acquired rights of the EMPLOYEE through the individual   employment agreement described in the Recital above; and      c) This Agreement modifies the agreement dated February 16th, 2010, and the labor   relationship between the EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY will be ruled as of the   date hereof in accordance to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.      In virtue of the above stated, both parties hereby agree as follows:       C L A U S E S      FIRST. EMPLOYEE S DUTIES. The EMPLOYEE will perform the activities   established in section d) of Recital I of this Agreement and in Exhibit A attached hereto   and which is deemed to be a part of this Agreement. The activities to be performed are   considered of strict confidence for the COMPANY, and the EMPLOYEE shall perform all   of the labors related with such activities.       The EMPLOYEE is bound to carry out such activities with the utmost exertion, both   material and intellectual, necessary in order to facilitate the operations, procedures, policies   or levels of productivity and efficiency, in accordance with the proper necessities of the   COMPANY.       These activities will never be subject to the use or vigilance of determined areas, work   utensils, labors or determined operations; however, they will be subject of the managing,   use and attention that the direction in charge of the EMPLOYEE requires, including the   workforce entrusted to him, and that have been properly specified in the description of the   title position in Exhibit A.      SECOND. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. The present Agreement is entered by the   COMPANY and the EMPLOYEE for an undetermined period of time and it would only be   modified, rescinded or terminated at the occurrence of any of the causes established by the   Mexican Federal Labor Law.      THIRD. TITLE. The EMPLOYEE shall hold the position or charge of  Senior Vice   President, Mexico  and shall perform his work under the direction of the COMPANY or   its representatives to whose authority he shall be subject to concerning his work and shall   carry out the same with the appropriate effort, attention, and dedication and in the manner,   time, and place as agreed upon. The EMPLOYEE will solely be granted with the salary and      

4      benefits described in this Agreement and in Exhibit B, attached hereto and which will be   deemed as part of this Agreement      FOURTH. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES. The services to be provided by the   EMPLOYEE under the terms of this Agreement, will be carried out by THE EMPLOYEE   in the place or places designated by the COMPANY, located at any of the departments or   local branches in the Mexican territory.       The EMPLOYEE is bound to provide his services in whichever of the places previously   mentioned in accordance with the COMPANY S needs, therefore he could be transferred to   a different local branch, domicile or title, where his services are required, without   undermining his perceptions or dignity.       The EMPLOYEE is bound to perform the work that is compatible with his capacity, skills,   state, or conditions and whenever such work coincides with the corporate purpose of the   COMPANY or establishment.      FIFTH. SUPERVISION AND SUBORDINATION. The EMPLOYEE shall perform his   services under the subordination and direction of the COMPANY, and observe all   instructions, policies, regulations or working manuals established by or that could be   established by the COMPANY. The EMPLOYEE is bound to look after that the personnel   he is in charge of, complies with all the provisions set forth in the instructions, policies,   regulations or working manuals established by the COMPANY.       The parties agree that the services that will be provided by the EMPLOYEE will be those   established in the Second Chapter of the Sixth Title of the Mexican Federal Labor Law,   and, therefore, such services will be considered as of confidence for all applicable legal   effects.       SIXTH. WORKING DAY. The EMPLOYEE shall be required to work 48 (forty eight)   hours per week.      The daily work time will be Monday to Friday from 09:00 to 18:30, and Saturdays from   09:00 to 14:00, in which the weekly work time will end.      The EMPLOYEE shall have one hour per day for meals, rest or whatever he pleases,   outside of the workplace, and such time shall not be considered as part of the work day.      The EMPLOYEE agrees to comply with any changes to the work schedules as indicated by   the COMPANY, provided that the same are communicated to him in a timely manner.      The EMPLOYEE expressly agrees with the COMPANY that his entry and departure hours   of the work shift, the payment day and the weekly resting day, shall be exclusively   determined by the COMPANY, which could be modified according to the business   necessities of the COMPANY.          

5      The EMPLOYEE, due to his strict confidence functions, shall not mark any assistance card;   nonetheless, he will be bound to sign any other assistance control document in case it is   established by the COMPANY.      Any non-attendance of the EMPLOYEE could solely be justified by the EMPLOYEE with   the proof of disability legally issued by the Mexican Institute of Social Security.      The EMPLOYEE shall give immediate notice to the COMPANY of any cause of non-   attendance, within the same day in which the non-attendance occurs.       SEVENTH. SALARY. The EMPLOYEE shall receive a gross monthly salary equivalent   to the amount of $263,938.21 (Two hundred sixty three thousand nine hundred thirty eight   21/100 Mexican Pesos), including in this amount, seventh days, and mandatory resting   days, which will be paid divided in two fortnightly payments every 15th day of each month   and the last day of each month, or the day immediately before in case said days are non-   working days.       The EMPLOYEE hereby authorizes as of the date herein to receive his salary through bank   deposit, debit card, transfers or any other electronic way.       In the event that the EMPLOYEE does not work a full week, he shall be paid   proportionally based on the number of the days he actually worked.      In any case, the EMPLOYEE agrees that such salary includes, in addition to the time for   rest or meals, the salary for the seventh day and required holidays.      The EMPLOYEE shall sign the payroll or the receipts of the paid amounts, and he will   receive the proof of the deductions made to his salary due to Social Security fees, taxes, or   any other cause that the EMPLOYEE shall pay according to the Mexican Federal Labor   Law.       EIGHTH. CHRISTMAS BONUS. The EMPLOYEE is entitled to receive an annual   Christmas bonus ( Aguinaldo ) equivalent to twenty (20) days of base salary, and it will be   paid before December 20th of each year or at the termination of this Agreement.       In case the EMPLOYEE does not work the entire year, due to the termination of this   Agreement or any other similar cause, he would only be entitled to receive the proportional   part according to the effective worked time.       NINTH. MANDATORY DAYS AND OVERTIME. The EMPLOYEE shall be entitled   to one resting day per week with full salary, which is included in the monthly salary   referred to in the above-referenced Seventh Clause.      In the event that the COMPANY requires the services of the employee during mandatory   days, the COMPANY shall pay the EMPLOYEE the salary pursuant to the conditions set   forth by Articles 67, 68, and 73 of the Federal Labor Law.       

6         The EMPLOYEE shall be entitled to mandatory time off pursuant to Article 74 of the   Federal Labor Law.      TENTH. MEDICAL INSURANCE. The EMPLOYEE shall be entitled to private medical   insurance paid for by the Company in addition to government-mandated medical insurance   provided by the Mexican Social Security Institute.      ELEVENTH. VACATION PERIOD AND VACATION PREMIUM. The EMPLOYEE   shall be entitled to vacation pursuant to the terms that are established by Articles 76, 78 and   80 of the Mexican Federal Labor Law and shall likewise receive a premium of 25% on the   salaries to which he is entitled to receive during such vacation period.      TWELFTH. MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS. The EMPLOYEE is bound, pursuant to the   terms of Section X of Article 134th of the Federal Labor Law, to undergo all medical   examinations that are indicated by the COMPANY.      THIRTEENTH. OBLIGATIONS. The EMPLOYEE, as a result of the position or charge   designated in the above-referenced Second Clause of this Agreement, must perform all   functions and activities related with his title and shall furthermore be under obligation to   carry out any other work that is related with such title, provided that the same is compatible   with his capacity, skills, state, or condition and coincides with the corporate purpose of the   COMPANY or establishment.      Likewise, the EMPLOYEE must therefore comply with all orders and instructions carried   out by the COMPANY or its representatives, regarding the agreed title.       The EMPLOYEE is therefore under obligation to faithfully comply with each and every   one of the provisions contained in this present Clause      FOURTEENTH. SPECIAL OBLIGATIONS. Notwithstanding the obligations referred   to in Clause Thirteenth, the EMPLOYEE shall comply with the following obligations:       a) Abstaining from smoking in all of the places in which public attention is provided,   just as in all of the places where it is prohibited.       b) To exclusively use the computer programs or the software previously authorized by   the COMPANY in accordance with the fabricant s provisions and the ones   established by the COMPANY.       c) To respect and comply with the policies, codes of conduct, internal rules of work   and any other ethical regulations of the commercial activity that the COMPANY   establishes, including the Internal Rules of Work. Without limitation to the   foregoing, the EMPLOYEE acknowledges and is aware of the existence of the      

7      Internal Rules of Work of the Company which are deemed to be a part of this   Agreement, and are attached as Exhibit C and  of the Policy Statement and Guide   Acknowledgement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the Company, which the   EMPLOYEE executed on November 14th, 2013, attached to this Agreement as   Exhibit D, and expressly agrees to comply with said Internal Rules of Work and   Policy Statement and Guide Acknowledgement included in Exhibit C and Exhibit   D, respectively, and any amendment thereto carried out by the Company..       FIFTEENTH. TRAINING AND EVALUATION.  Pursuant to Article 25th, Section VIII,   and Article 31st of the Mexican Federal Labor Act and 153rd-H of the same regulations, the   EMPLOYEE agrees:      a) To receive, from the COMPANY, the training or education pursuant to the terms of   the plans or programs set forth or which are established through the corresponding   Mixed Training and Educational Commission;      b) Punctually attend the group courses or sessions and other activities that form part of   the training or education;      c) Comply with the instructions of the persons who provide the training or education;      d) Comply with the respective programs;      e) Complete the exams for the evaluation of knowledge and skills that are required;      f) When he has the necessary knowledge to perform his title and the immediate   superior of it, comply with all of the requirements set forth by Article 153rd-U of the   Federal Labor Law; and      g) Comply with all instructions of a general and special nature which the COMPANY   provides to him in connection with his training and education.      SIXTEENTH. NON-COMPETE AND NON-DISCLOSURE. The EMPLOYEE shall   solely and exclusively render his services to the COMPANY, and expressly agrees that he   shall not provide similar services to the ones provided by the COMPANY, whether by   himself or throughout any third party during his employment.      The EMPLOYEE recognizes and agrees that that the COMPANY exclusively owns: (i)   customer agreements, loan documents, loan applications, customer data, Company books,   documents, registries, deeds, accounting, agreements, contracts, correspondences, notices,   rulings, permits, licenses, articles, studies, brochures, issues, working manuals, drawings,   drawing paths, photographs, design processes, Software (including any type of executable   program recorded in any form or in any medium), Software installation manuals, or any   other kind of intellectual property that the EMPLOYEE develops through the term of this   Agreement; (ii) generally, all and each of the documents and verbal information provided to      

8      or elaborated by the EMPLOYEE due to the labor relationship; and, (iii) those documents   and verbal information prepared by the EMPLOYEE due to the services provided referred   in this Agreement, and the EMPLOYEE agrees to keep them in good condition, without   taking them from the working place, unless that due to working necessities and with the   prior written authorization of the COMPANY; hence, the EMPLOYEE shall deliver them   at the moment in which the COMPANY requires them or at the termination of this   Agreement, as applicable      The EMPLOYEE is bound to guard strict confidence of the information, procedures and all   acts and facts that due of his work, would be of his knowledge and therefore, he is bound   not to use for his own benefit, or for the benefit of any third party, whether directly or   indirectly, the information, acts and facts that would become of his knowledge, especially   all the information, procedures, or any commercial or industrial secrets, which hereby he   acknowledges that are protected in accordance with the Mexican Law.       The EMPLOYEE shall not use any of the privileged information during the performance of   his labors, acknowledged due to his previous working relationships, titles, professional   experience or business relations that he could have known regarding any individual or   entity, considered as an industrial secret in accordance with Mexican Law.      The EMPLOYEE shall not disclose any of the matters entrusted to him due to his working   relationship with the COMPANY and he shall exclusively use it for the benefit of the   COMPANY. Likewise, the EMPLOYEE is bound to not withdraw or use for purposes   others than those established herein, any document, file, customer agreements, applications,    registries or any information or documents of the Company.       The EMPLOYEE agrees that throughout the term of this Agreement, and as well after its   termination or rescission, will comply with the COMPANY S provisions regarding   ownership, non-disclosure, non-unauthorized use and confidentiality.       In the event that the EMPLOYEE breaches the obligation to non-compete set forth in the   first paragraph of this clause, uses for a not authorized purpose or improperly takes   Company information or discloses any information considered as privileged or confidential   according to this Clause or otherwise breaches this Agreement, in any case, the   EMPLOYEE would be liable to respond for the emerging damages and loss of profits   occurred to the COMPANY due to the breach of obligations foreseen in this Clause. These   emerging damages and loss of profits would be payable within the fifteen calendar days   after the breach of any of the aforementioned obligations in accordance with this   Agreement.      Likewise, the EMPLOYEE agrees and recognizes that any non-authorized use,   misappropriation or disclosure of any information obtained due to his title at the   COMPANY, would be considered as a criminal offense of illegal disclosure of trade secrets   in accordance to Articles 210th and 211th of the Federal Criminal Code.          

9      The obligations described in this Clause will be effective during the term of this Agreement   and within one year after the termination of it.      SEVENTEENTH. CUSTOMERS  PERSONAL DATA. The EMPLOYEE shall process   all personal data of the Company s customers in order to execute and comply with any and   all of his duties and activities set forth herein and in Exhibit A of this Agreement.       Any gathering, storage, process, use or disclosure of customer personal data not authorized   by any customer of the COMPANY or by the COMPANY, as applicable, shall be   considered as a serious labor fault and will give the Company right to terminate the   Agreement with cause  and without any responsibility of the COMPANY, without   prejudice of any other liabilities that could arise according to the governing law of this   Agreement, and the EMPLOYEE shall be liable for all the damages and loss profits that   might be suffered by the COMPANY or its customers.      Due to the above, the EMPLOYEE is bound to process the personal data of the customers   of the COMPANY pursuant to the Integral Privacy Notice of the COMPANY, and   applicable personal data protection law and regulation which was delivered to the   EMPLOYEE and of which the EMPLOYEE has full knowledge.       For purposes of this Agreement, a  customer  shall mean any person that has a relationship   with the COMPANY, any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or any other entity that through one   or more intermediaries either controls or is controlled by the COMPANY.          EIGHTEENTH. RESCISSION. The COMPANY can terminate the Agreement, without   liability, upon the occurrence of any of the events established by articles 47th and 185th of   the Mexican Federal Labor Law or when the employee breaches whichever of the specific   obligations that are established in the Agreement, including without limitation within the   Clauses Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Sixteenth or Seventeenth of this   Agreement, as well as for breaching the applicable provisions of the Internal Rules Of   Work and the Policy Statement and Guide Acknowledgement of the Foreign Corrupt   Practices Act of the COMPANY attached hereto as Exhibit C and Exhibit D respectively,   or any other ethic rules or rules of conduct notified by the Company to the Employee, and   which are considered lack of probity regarding the importance of their compliance or   carries out any of the activities prohibited by the policies, regulations or working manuals   of the COMPANY.      NINETEENTH. SENIORITY.  The COMPANY grants the EMPLOYEE seniority   effective as of February 16th, 2010.      TWENTIETH. LANGUAGE. This Agreement is executed in Spanish and English,   having both counterparts the same extent, validity and effects. In case of discrepancies   between the versions, the Spanish version shall prevail.          

10      TWENTY-FIRST. GOVERNING LAW.  Any issues that are not set forth in this   Agreement shall be governed by the provisions of the Mexican Federal Labor Law.      TWENTY-SECOND. JURISDICTION. This Agreement or any of its Clauses will be   construed, in case of any dispute, by the Labor Federal Court located at Monterrey, Nuevo   Leon, and the Parties hereby waive to any other jurisdiction that may correspond to them by   their domicile or by any other reason.       The parties, having read this Agreement and made aware of its content and obligations   subject to the same, execute in conformity on the 30th day of the month of September of   the year two thousand and sixteen.       [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]      

11               THE EMPLOYEE      THE COMPANY      SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE   CORPORATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L.   DE C.V.      ____________________      By: RICARDO CAVAZOS SALDA A               By:________________________      Name: Janet Lewis Matricciani    Title: President        Gardere01 - 9337131v.2      

Job Description   Senior Vice President, Mexico   Page 1 of 2      Gardere01 - 9200640v.2   EXHIBIT A      JOB DESCRIPTION      SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MEXICO      SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION DE M XICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.             Job Title:   Senior Vice President, Mexico   Department:    Operations   Reports To:   Board of Managers of the Company   Type of Employee:  Confidence Employee         Summary:  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, overall direction and performance of a division.   Provide leadership, vision, strategic thinking, coaching and development. Monitor and manage divisional   team s performance, recruitment and selection of Associates, and development of strategies to achieve the   division s financial, collection and growth goals.      Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned as   required by the Board of Managers of the Company.       ? Communicate image and vision to all Associates within the Mexico Division.  Maintain a high level of   branch visibility and strategies to grow profitability at the branch level with an emphasis on the   customer experience and continuous improvement.   ? Manage P L.  Set financial goals for Mexico Division.  Maintain accurate cash controls and security   procedures with Company and Loss Prevention standards.   ? Prepare Divisional Monthly Operating Reviews.  Audit branches on a monthly basis to ensure   compliance with all Company policies and procedures.   ? Review operating results of branches and districts daily, weekly and monthly to identify areas of   opportunity for increased profits and decreased expenses.  Develop action plans with Vice President   of Operations to turnaround results at underperforming branches with a focus on sustainable   positive change.   ? Work with Marketing to maintain existing and create new, go-to market strategies.  Conduct   divisional strategic marketing review with an emphasis on data and analytics to increase total   market share, active accounts and identify new customer segments.   ? Ensure that procedures outlining banking, collections, audits, local store marketing and other   company guidelines are followed daily.   ? Provide guidance in all aspects of operations.  Ensure efficiencies within branches and drive   operational excellence initiatives supported by a continuous improvement mindset.   ? Maintain an intentional focus on Associate retention and address turnover issues across the Mexico   division.  Utilize company s human and capital resources to reduce turnover and maximize profits.   ? Work with Managers to ensure compliance with all Federal, State and local laws.   ? Direct training, disciplining, evaluating and discharging of Associates within the Mexico Division.    Oversee compensation and ensure incentives drive the right behaviors at the branch level.   ? Recognize and develop skills/abilities of Associates in order to meet company objectives.   ? Participate actively in real estate/site analysis for future locations, relocation options and closures.   ? Review and approve expenses within the Mexico Division.  Compare expenses against previous   years and ensure expense rate does not escalate at a higher growth rate than revenues and profits.   ? Instill a cost control and maximization of profit mindset throughout all Associates within the Mexico   Division from Senior Management to Associates at the branch level.      

Job Description   Senior Vice President, Mexico   Page 2 of 2      Gardere01 - 9200640v.2   ? Drive cost containment at the branch level to include: reduction of overtime hours, appropriate   management of write-in bonuses, elimination of fraud and handling of demotions with corresponding   pay reductions.   ? Maintain company standards as related to staffing, operating, collections and customer service.    Measure key performance indicators in each of these respective areas and keep executive   leadership aware of problems with corresponding solutions.   ? Drive recruiting and hiring process to ensure the identification of top talent at all levels within the   Mexico Division.  Instill a mindset that every hiring decision is an opportunity to positively impact the   business.   ? Provide operational support through working with other departments to solve issues that develop at   the branch level.  Ensure problem solving in branches is objective in nature with a clearly defined   process for solution outcomes.   ? Serve as a customer advocate and align Associates within the Mexico Division on the customer   experience.  Hold training and coaching when necessary to mitigate issues with the customer   experience.   ? Drive the annual budgeting process for the Mexico Division using data and analytics to create   targets that are realistic and achieve year-over-year growth.            Qualifications/Requirements:      ? College degree in a business related field or equivalent experience.  Master s in Business   Administration (MBA) preferred.   ? Demonstrated knowledge of business operations, management and leadership in a multi-unit   environment, preferably with 8   10 years in consumer finance.   ? Proven in building high performance teams with an emphasis on performance management,   coaching and developing people.  Openness to feedback with a collaborative style and excellent   verbal and written communication skills.   ? High degree of business and organizational acumen with previous experience utilizing data and   analytics to drive problem solving and business decisions.   ? Experience in change management, creating sustainable cultures and pushing organizations to   innovate and think differently.            

EXHIBIT B OF THE INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR AN   UNDETERMINED PERIOD OF TIME ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN   SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L.   DE C.V., HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE  COMPANY , AND, ON THE   OTHER HAND, MR. RICARDO CAVAZOS SALDA A, HEREINAFTER   REFERRED TO AS THE  EMPLOYEE , IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE   FOLLOWING RECITALS AND CLAUSES:         B A C K G R O U N D      SOLE. The Parties declare that they have executed an Individual Employment Agreement   for an Undetermined Period of Time (the  Agreement ), effective on June 1st, 2016, in   which the EMPLOYEE is bound to render his services to the COMPANY on the terms   described on the Agreement and its Exhibits.      R E C I T A L S      I. The Parties declare that is their wish to execute this Exhibit in order to establish the terms   and conditions which will rule the terms and conditions of the labor relationship between   the EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY regarding the provisions that were not stipulated in   the Agreement.       II. The Parties declare that the execution of this Exhibit, likewise of the Agreement, has not   been given with misconception, fraud or mala fides.       In virtue of the above stated, both parties hereby agree as follows:       C L A U S E       SOLE.- The Parties agree that due to the labor relationship existing between the   EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY, and according to the terms and conditions of the   Agreement, listed below are the labor benefits to be granted to the EMPLOYEE:      I. The number of vacation days according to the seniority of the EMPLOYEE   pursuant Articles 76th, 78th and 80th of the Federal Labor Law.      II. Christmas bonus of twenty (20) days.         

III. Vacation premium of the 25% (twenty five per cent) in the salaries to which he   is entitled to receive during his vacation period.      IV. For the annual period counted from April 2016 to March 2017, an annual bonus   paid by the COMPANY subject to Target being reached equal to an amount   equivalent to sixty-six percent (66%) of the annual base salary of the   EMPLOYEE.  The annual bonus can be proportionally increased and paid by   the COMPANY up to the Maximum annual bonus if Target is equal to 1.5   times, which means that Target was met and also exceeded in 50% (fifty   percent). The Maximum annual bonus, if it is reached, will be equal to the   equivalent of one hundred percent (100%) of the annual base salary of the   EMPLOYEE. Target will be determined by the COMPANY s Board of   Managers based on World Acceptance Corporation s group policies on a yearly   basis and calculated based on U.S. group fiscal year, counted from April to   March. Of the 66% of the annual base salary bonus, 75% will be calculated by   the COMPANY based on the performance of Wac de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.,   SOFOM, E.N.R. in Mexico, and 25% of the annual base salary bonus will be   calculated based on the consolidated performance of World Acceptance   Corporation in the United States of America.  The Target bonus percentage will   be reviewed and set forth by the COMPANY s Board of Managers for each   following annual period counted from April to March (in accordance with   group s fiscal year in the U.S.), based on the resolution of the Compensation   and Stock Option Committee of the World Acceptance Corporation s corporate   group.      V. Minor medical expenses insurance, according to the insurance policy attached   hereto as Exhibit B-1.      VI. Major medical expenses insurance, according to the insurance policy attached   hereto as Exhibit B-2.      VII. Life insurance, according to the insurance policy attached hereto as Exhibit B-   3.      VIII. Phantom stock according to the Phantom Stock Agreement executed between   the Parties, attached hereto as Exhibit B-4.      IX. Stock appreciation rights Agreement, granted prior to this Agreement in   consideration for the services provided by the Employee to Company, attached   hereto as Exhibit B-5.          

X. Labor benefits foreseen in the Federal Labor Law.       The parties, having read this Exhibit B of the Agreement and made aware of its content and   obligations subject to the same, execute in conformity on the 30th day of the month of   September of 2016.         THE EMPLOYEE      THE COMPANY   SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE   CORPORATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE   C.V.   ___________________________      RICARDO CAVAZOS   SALDA A               By:    Name:  Janet Lewis Matricciani    Title:     President       

Exhibit C         REG LAM ENTO INTERIOR DE TRABAJO DE SERVICIOS WORLD   ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.          Este reglamento, formulado por SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION DE   MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. ( SWAC ) y los EMPLEADOS de la misma, servir  para regular   la prestaci n de servicios, desarrollo de las labores y el comportamiento de los EMPLEADOS   durante la ejecuci n de su trabajo en la(s) instalaci n(es) que  SWAC  opera o llegue a operar   en esta Ciudad.   Este reglamento ser  aplicado a todos los EMPLEADOS cualquiera que sea su categor a, en todo   aquello que no contravenga a las disposiciones de la Ley Federal del Trabajo.   En el curso de este reglamento, SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION DE   MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. ser  llamada  SWAC  los empleados de cualquier   categor a ser n llamados  LOS EMPLEADOS  la Ley Federal del Trabajo ser  llamada  LA   LEY  y el Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social ser  llamado el  Seguro Social .      A. DE LAS JORNADAS DE TRABAJO.      1.- Las horas de entrada y salidas de LOS EMPLEADOS a cada jornada de trabajo ser n   determinadas exclusivamente por  SWAC , la que podr  modificarlas seg n considere   necesario para la debida marcha del negocio. Cualquier EMPLEADO que haya sido   asignado a un turno de trabajo podr  ser cambiado a otro turno, ya sea temporal o   definitivamente, por  SWAC  a su discreci n, cuando a juicio de esta as  lo requiera, dando   aviso al EMPLEADO VEINTICUATRO HORAS (24) antes de que surta efecto el cambio.      2.- La jornada de trabajo DIURNA no ser  mayor de CUARENTA Y OCHO (48) HORAS por   semana.      La hora de entrada al trabajo ser  a las 09:00 horas y la Salida a las 18:30 horas, de lunes a   viernes inclusive de cada semana y los s bados de las 09:00 a las 14:00 horas, en que   terminar  la jornada semanal de trabajo.      El anterior horario es el que actualmente existe en  SWAC , pero LOS EMPLEADOS otorgan   su consentimiento para que se cambie el horario se alado, con el objeto de que pueda   operar cualquier otro turno de los establecidos en LA LEY. Asimismo, el horario se alado,   ha sido convenido entre LOS EMPLEADOS y  SWAC  en t rminos de lo dispuesto por el Segundo   P rrafo del Art culo 59 de LA LEY, con el objeto de descansar, adem s del domingo, el s bado   en la tarde o cualquier modalidad equivalente.      3.- SWAC  llevar  el control diario de puntualidad y asistencia en el trabajo mediante una   lista de asistencia, en la que LOS EMPLEADOS deber n anotar las horas de entrada y salida al   trabajo, incluyendo el periodo para tomar alimentos, debiendo LOS      

EMPLEADOS firmar diaria o semanalmente dicha lista para verificar el tiempo realmente   laborado.      Si en un futuro  SWAC  implementa el sistema de c digo de barras, cada EMPLEADO deber    insertar y deslizar diariamente al entrar y salir de la fuente de trabajo, su gafete con c digo de   barras en el reloj electr nico que al efecto tiene instalado  SWAC  en el local de la empresa.   Dicho reloj se encuentra conectado a una computadora central, misma que registra las   horas exactas de entrada y salida de cada EMPLEADO, la cual imprime un reporte semanal   del n mero de horas efectivas laboradas, dicho reporte deber  ser firmado al finalizar la   semana por cada EMPLEADO.      El registro de entradas y salidas por medio del gafete con c digo de barras, es la  nica prueba   de la puntualidad y asistencia al trabajo de LOS EMPLEADOS, y la falta de dicho registro ser    considerada como falta injustificada.      Si un EMPLEADO, pierde su gafete, deber  dar aviso inmediato a su Supervisor, para    que este tome las medidas pertinentes para registrar SU entrada y Salida.      4.- LOS EMPLEADOS se presentar n puntualmente al sitio donde desempe ar n sus   labores al iniciarse las jornadas de trabajo. Se concede un per odo de tolerancia de DIEZ   (10) MINUTOS despu s de la hora de entrada para que los EMPLEADOS se presenten a   su trabajo.      Pasando los DIEZ (10) MINUTOS de tolerancia,  SWAC  no est  obligada a recibir al   EMPLEADO, quien solo ser  admitido al trabajo con la autorizaci n de su Supervisor. La falta   que se derive de la impuntualidad del EMPLEADO ser  considerada falta injustificada.      5.- Solamente  SWAC  podr  ordenar la prestaci n de servicios en horas extraordinarias   notificando al EMPLEADO o EMPLEADOS que lo har n. El tiempo extraordinario no ser    reconocido, ni pagado por  SWAC , si no han sido registradas en la lista de asistencia a que   se refiere el punto 3 de este apartado, o en caso de implementarse el sistema de c digo de   barras, el registro que se ale el reloj electr nico y, adem s, se requerir  autorizaci n   escrita de dicho tiempo extra por parte de  SWAC .      B.  PERIODOS PARA TOMAR ALIMENTOS Y DESCANSOS      1.- SWAC  conceder  diariamente en los turnos de trabajo, un per odo de UNA (1) HORA   para que los EMPLEADOS tomen sus alimentos, interrumpiendo para ello su jornada de   trabajo.            Page 2      

LOS EMPLEADOS no podr n tomar alimentos en sus sitios de trabajo, sino  nicamente   en el lugar asignado por  SWAC , pero estar n en completa libertad de salir a tomarlos   en donde mejor lo dispongan.      El per odo para tomar alimentos no es parte de la jornada y  SWAC  no est  obligada a   pagar salario por este tiempo.      2.-Fuera de los per odos para tomar alimentos, LOS EMPLEADOS no podr n ausentarse   del sitio donde prestan sus servicios sin la autorizaci n previa del Supervisor. Cuando   un EMPLEADO se ausente del lugar donde desempe e sus labores sin autorizaci n de   su Supervisor, se considerar  desobediencia a una orden relacionada con el trabajo.      C. FALTAS DE ASISTENCIA            ,........   ..   1.-Cuando un EMPLEADO este imposibilitado para presentarse a trabajar, deber    notific rselo a  SWAC  cuando menos, con TREINTA (30)  MINUTOS de anticipaci n   antes de la hora de entrada a laborar, explicando las causas de su ausencia. Dicha   ausencia, se considerar  injustificada, a menos que presente la documentaci n   se alada en el punto s iguiente o que haga USO del tercer p rrafo del punto n mero   3 de este apartado.      2.-Las ausencias por enfermedad s lo ser n justificadas con las incapacidades que   expida EL SEGURO SOCIAL, no siendo v lidas para este objeto, ni estando obligada    SWAC , a aceptar ninguna otra constancia o documento.      Un EMPLEADO que sea incapacitado por el SEGURO SOCIAL debe notificarlo   inmediatamente a  SWAC  y entregarle el certificado de incapacidad el mismo d a que   le sea expedido; si esto no es posible, en todo caso debe notificar a  SWAC  dentro del   mismo d a en que sea incapacitado.        SWAC  puede, a su discreci n, exigir que un m dico de su elecci n examine al   EMPLEADO que ha faltado a su trabajo por enfermedad o accidente, antes de permitirle   regresar a su trabajo.      3.- Cuando un EMPLEADO desee ausentarse de su trabajo, deber  solicitarlo por escrito   a su Supervisor, cuando menos TRES (3) DIAS h biles antes de la fecha en que desea   ausentarse, expresando los motivos en que funde su solicitud, excepto en los casos de   fuerza mayor.  SWAC  podr  conceder, o negar el permiso con base en las razones   expuestas y solo ser  concedido cuando la ausencia no impida el desarrollo normal de   las actividades de 11SWAC .      Todo permiso que se conceda en cualquier caso, ser  sin goce de sueldo y otorgado   por escrito, estando EL EMPLEADO obligado a recabar copia del mismo.   Page 3      

Independientemente de lo anterior,  SWAC   a su criterio y si el caso lo requiere, podr    conceder permisos de ausencia por el equivalente a SEIS (6) DIAS al a o, es decir, UN   (1) DIA por cada dos meses completos de trabajo.   Asimismo,  SWAC  conceder  CINCO (5) DIAS, en caso de muerte de c nyuge, hijos,   hermanos o padres y DOS (2) DIAS en caso de muerte de suegros y cu ados.      D. HIGIEN E Y SEGURIDAD PARA LOS EMPLEADOS      1.- Toda EMPLEADO previo a su contrataci n por  SWAC , queda obligado a someterse   a un examen m dico y pruebas de laboratorios, por doctores y en laboratorios   seleccionados por  SWAC  igualmente lo har  en las dem s ocasiones que  SWAC  lo   disponga mientras dure la relaci n de trabajo.                                                                                                                              En   las pruebas de laboratorio mencionadas, queda incluido el examen anti-drogas, y   todos LOS EMPLEADOS activos de  SWAC , ser n requeridos a tomar este tipo de   examen, seleccionando al azar a LOS EMPLEADOS y en cualquier momento que exista   una sospecha razonable de uso de drogas, y todo lo relacionado a este punto, se estar    a lo dispuesto en el Apartado E de este reglamento.      2.- EL EMPLEADO est  obligado a dar aviso a  SWAC  y/o al SEGURO SOCIAL, de   cualquier enfermedad contagiosa que contraiga   l , sus familiares o compa eros de   trabajo, a fin de que se tomen las medidas preventivas necesarias.      3.- En caso de epidemia, LOS EMPLEADOS se someter n a los ex menes m dicos y   cumplir n con todas las medidas dictadas por las autoridades.      4.- LAS EMPLEADAS que queden embarazadas, est n obligadas a dar aviso a su   Supervisor en  SWAC  de su embarazo, a fin de que  SWAC  cumpla con lo estipulado   en el Art culo 170 de LA LEY.      5.- Cuando un EMPLEADO sufra un accidente durante el desempe o de sus labores, o   se enferme en el curso de su trabajo,  l o sus compa eros deber n inmediatamente dar   aviso de tal accidente o enfermedad a su supervisor inmediato, para que reciba los   primeros auxilios, y envi ndolo al SEGURO SOCIAL cuando el caso lo requiera.      6.- LOS EMPLEADOS Y  SWAC  est n obligados a cumplir en todo tiempo las   disposiciones del Reglamento de Seguridad, Higiene y Medio Ambiente en el Trabajo, y   de las resoluciones o medidas dictadas por la Comisi n Mixta de Seguridad e Higiene.      7.- LOS EMPLEADOS est n obligados a usar en todo tiempo los sistemas de   identificaci n que les proporcione  SWAC .      Page 4      

E. REGULACIONES RELATIVAS AL USO DE DROGAS, ALCOHOL Y TABACO. El     objetivo de lo se alado en este apartado, es el de  establecer los   procedimientos  concernientes al uso de drogas, alcohol y tabaco en el trabajo.       SWAC  est  comprometida a proporcionar altos est ndares de salud para LOS   EMPLEADOS, as  como un ambiente de trabajo seguro, por tanto, se deber n   observar las reglas siguientes:      1.  SWAC  considerar  el mal uso de drogas y/o alcohol por parte del   EMPLEADO, como una pr ctica insegura en el trabajo.  SWAC  considera   que el EMPLEADO al hacer uso, ya sea de drogas y/o alcohol de forma   inapropiada puede incrementar el riesgo de inseguridad para s  mismo,   para sus compa eros de trabajo y/o el p blico en general.   2.  Una vez que un EMPLEADO sea encontrado en posesi n de, bajo la   influencia de, incapacitado por, en uso de, venta,  ofertando,    intercambiando (ya sea por dinero o sin beneficio monetario) drogas y/o   alcohol durante horas de trabajo o dentro de las instalaciones de  SWAC    estar  sujeto a medidas disciplinarias que pudieran resultar hasta en la   terminaci n de su contrato de trabajo.   3.  Las disposiciones de este apartado no aplican a medicamentos recetados   por:   a). Un m dico certificado con previa justificaci n relacionada al   antecedente m dico del EMPLEADO y a sus responsabilidades asignadas   en el trabajo, y   b). Que en el desarrollo de su trabajo no se vea adversamente afectado   por su uso.   4. Cualquier EMPLEADO bajo el uso de medicamentos deber  conservar el   medicamento en su presentaci n original, indicando claramente la dosis,   la fecha de prescripci n y el nombre del m dico que la autoriza.   5.  EL EMPLEADO ser  el responsable de notificar a su Supervisor o Gerente   correspondiente, de cualquier precauci n o contraindicaci n que resultar    del medicamento, si as  lo indicara el medico (Ej. mareo, somnolencia,   etc.).   6.  Ser  considerada una violaci n a estas disposiciones; el abuso de   medicamento recetado y/o de medicamento no controlado el cual pudiera   afectar el desempe o del EMPLEADO, lo que pondr a en riesgo su   seguridad, as  como la de otros individuos o de las instalaciones y equipo   de  SWAC .   7.       Cualquier EMPLEADO que sea visto en el  rea de trabajo o instalaciones   de SWAC  en posesi n de drogas ilegales, medicamento controlado, o en   uso no autorizado de drogas legales o alcohol ser  retirado de su lugar de   trabajo y sometido a medidas disciplinarias que pudiera resultar en la   terminaci n de su contrato de trabajo.   Page 5      

8. Algunas de las drogas ilegales, incluyen entre otras, a la marihuana,   hero na, hach s, coca na, alucin genos, anfetaminas, depresivos y   estimulantes no prescritos por un m dico aprobado, para tratamiento   personal.   9. Cuando EL EMPLEADO sea sorprendido bajo el uso o influencia de bebidas   embriagantes, drogas ilegales, abuso de drogas legales o medicamento   controlado ser  causa de retiro del EMPLEADO de sus responsabilidades,   por parte del Supervisor.   10. EL EMPLEADO ser  requerido a someterse a una revisi n medica, que   incluye un examen de detecci n de drogas y/o alcohol. El rehusarse a   proveer las muestras necesarias de orina, sangre, no cooperaci n en la   entrega de espec menes, llenado de papeles, etc. se considerar  como   una violaci n a estas disposiciones y el EMPLEADO estar  sujeto a   medidas disciplinarias que pudieran resultar en la terminaci n de su   contrato de trabajo.   11. EL EMPLEADO que resulte negativo en el uso de drogas y/o alcohol podr    regresar a su lugar de trabajo; por el contrario, EL EMPLEADO que resulte   positivo, se considerara como violaci n al presente reglamento y estar    sujeto a las medidas disciplinarias correspondientes, incluso la terminaci n   de su contrato de trabajo sin responsabilidad para  SWAC .      12. Con el objeto de tener un ambiente libre de humo, EL EMPLEADO durante   todo el tiempo que permanezca en las instalaciones de 11SWAC ,   deber  de abstenerse de fumar tabaco, ya  que est  estrictamente   prohibido el hacerlo y, por tal motivo, habr  avisos de NO FUMAR.      F. DE LAS M EDIDAS DISCIPLINARIAS      1.-  SWAC  podr  disciplinar a sus EMPLEADOS amonest ndolos, suspendi ndolos   temporalmente sin goce de sueldo o rescindi ndoles el contrato  de  trabajo  sin    responsabilidad para  SWAC  seg n sea la gravedad de la falta.      2.-Para la aplicaci n de las sanciones,  SWAC  har  la investigaci n de los hechos y al   resolver el caso, tomar  en consideraci n la gravedad de la falta, la clasificaci n del   empleado y su comportamiento habitual; excepto en aquellos casos en que la   comprobaci n de la falta sea obvia o cuando el EMPLEADO acepte su culpabilidad o   participaci n en la falta.      3.-Independientemente de lo anterior, el EMPLEADO siempre tendr  derecho a que se   le oiga en defensa.      4.-Para los efectos de los numerales que anteceden, se consideran medidas   disciplinarias las siguientes:   Page 6      

i). Amonestaci n verbal; o   ii). Amonestaci n por escrito; o   iii). Suspensi n sin goce de sueldo de uno (1) a ocho (8) d as conforme a la gravedad   de la falta; o   iiii). Rescisi n del contrato de trabajo sin ninguna responsabilidad para  SWAC .      G. RETARDOS      1.- LOS EMPLEADOS que lleguen tarde a su trabajo sin que exista causa que justifique   el retardo en los t rminos de los Cap tulos  A  y  C  del presente Reglamento, se le   aplicaran las sanciones siguientes:               a). Al tener el EMPLEADO TRES (3) RETARDOS o m s en un periodo de TREINTA (30)   DIAS naturales,  SWAC  lo podr  suspender hasta por TRES (3) DIAS sin goce de   sueldo.   b). Al tener el EMPLEADO TRES (3) SUSPENSIONES por este motivo en un plazo de   SEIS (6) MESES,  SWAC  podr  suspenderlo para cualquier otro retardo hasta por   OCHO (8) DIAS sin goce de sueldo.      H. DE LAS AUSE NCIAS INJ USTIFICADAS      1.- LOS EMPLEADOS que falten sin causa justa a su trabajo, conforme lo previene el   cap tulo  C  del presente Reglamento, ser n sancionados a discreci n de 11SWAC , en   la forma siguiente:      a). PRIMERA FALTA INJUSTIFICADA - amonestaci n por escrito- ; .   b). SEGUNDA FALTA INJUSTIFICADA- suspensi n hasta por TRES (3) DIAS sin   goce  de  sueldo - ;   c). TERCERA FALTA INJUSTIFICADA - suspensi n hasta por OCHO DIAS sin goce de   , ,,.....,, . sueldo - ;   d). CUARTA FALTA INJUSTIFICADA- terminaci n de la relaci n de trabajo sin   responsabilidad para   SWAC  en los t rminos del Art culo 47 de la LEY- ; y,   e). AL FALTAR EL EMPLEADO UN (1) DIA antes o despu s de los d as de descanso   semanal, festivo obligatorio o contractual, permiso concedido, del periodo sancionado   con suspensi n o del periodo de vacaciones, suspensi n hasta de TRES (3) DIAS sin   goce de sueldo - .      Para evitar que una ausencia se considere como injustificada y que  SWAC   lo sancione,   EL EMPLEADO deber  cumplir con los siguientes requisitos:      a). En caso de permiso, obtener la forma correspondiente para ausentarse, la que   deber  estar autorizada por su Supervisor y/o Gerente si la ausencia es previsible;      Page 7      

b). En caso de enfermedad o accidente, incapacidad expedida por el SEGURO SOCIAL,   la que deber  presentar a su Supervisor y/o Gerente dentro de las siguientes   VEINTICUATRO (24) HORAS en que sea expedida.      SE APLICAR  COMO SANCION LA AMON ESTACION POR:      a). Causar da os por negligencia en el desempe o de sus labores, o durante su legal   estancia dentro de las instalaciones, siempre que el valor de los da os no excedan de   tres veces el salario m nimo general vigente.      b). No estar en el sitio designado para el desempe o de su trabajo al principio de cada   jornada de trabajo, durante las horas de trabajo y al final de cada jornada de trabajo, o   presentarse a otro departamento sin autorizaci n de su Supervisor;      c). No desempe ar el trabajo que le asign   SWAC  con la rapidez, el cuidado,   laatenci n y el esmero necesarios, de tal manera que evite p rdida de tiempo.   d). Comer, o tomar l quidos a horas no autorizadas o en lugares donde les est    prohibido hacerlo;      e) Introducir personas ajenas o ni os dentro del inmueble de  SWAC .      f). Utilizar sin autorizaci n de su Supervisor el equipo de oficina, como computadoras,   impresoras, etc., que no se le hayan asignado, o por permitir a otros usar los asignados   y que se le haya, proporcionado exclusivamente para su trabajo;      g). Hacer bromas que alteren el orden o la disciplina de  SWAC       h). Violar y hacer caso omiso del Reglamento de  Seguridad, Higiene y Medio Ambiente    en el Trabajo.      i).  Introducirse a las instalaciones de la empresa fuera de su jornada de trabajo.      j). Usar pantalones o camisa de mezclilla, pantalones vaqueros, el sticos y cortos,   camisetas, camisas de entrenamiento, tenis, trajes formales de noche y faldas cortas.       SWAC  con el objeto de mejorar y conservar la imagen de su negocio, LOS   EMPLEADOS en su vestimenta, deber n reflejar un magnifico arreglo y pulcritud,   portando ropa limpia y debidamente planchada; asimismo, es importante el   aspecto f sico, por tanto, deber n de prestar mucha atenci n al aliento, olor   corporal y a los olores retenidos en la ropa, as  (como traer el pelo limpio y   arreglado, u as limpias y cortas y joyer a apropiada para el giro del negocio de   Page 8      

SWAC . Por lo anterior, LOS EMPLEADOS deber n observar las reglas   siguientes:      PARA EL PERSONAL MASCULINO.      Deber n de usar camisas, pantalones y zapatos de vestir, estos  ltimos deber n estar   debidamente boleados.      PARA EL PERSONAL FEMENINO.      Deber n usar vestidos, faldas, trajes y/o blusas adecuadas y coordinadas para oficina,   as  como medias y zapatos de vestir.         SE APLICAR  COMO SANCION LA SUSPENSION SIN GOCE DE SUELDO DE UNO A   OCHO DIAS, POR:      a). Reincidir en cualquiera de las infracciones castigadas con amonestaci n.      b). Organizar o participar en juegos de azar dentro del inmueble de  SWAC , en   cualquier tiempo, ya sea dentro o fuera de las horas de trabajo;      c). Cometer cualquier acto que lo pongan en peligro a  l, a sus compa eros, o a bienes de    SWAC       d). Poner inscripciones, o pintar figuras indecorosas u obscenas en cualquier lugar del   establecimiento, veh culo, muebles o enseres de  SWAC , escupir los pisos, o arrojar basura   fuera de los lugares determinados para ello;      e). Utilizar el equipo de oficina de SWAC , para realizar trabajos personales;      f). Sacar de las instalaciones, cualquier objeto propiedad de  SWAC , sin la previa   autorizaci n escrita del Supervisor, as  como llevarse fuera de las instalaciones el   efectivo recaudado durante el d a, pero siempre y cuando se regrese al d a siguiente a las   instalaciones de  SWAC       g). Negarse a someterse a los ex menes m dicos y pruebas anti-drogas que determine    SWAC       h). Por tener un trato indebido con los clientes, sin la cortes a y consideraci n que debe de   tener para con ellos; y,         Page 9      

i). Las dem s situaciones an logas que pudieran presentarse en la conducta de LOS   EMPLEADOS.      SE APLICAR  COMO SANCION LA RESCISION DEL CONTRATO DE TRABAJO SIN   RESPONSABILI DAD PARA  SWAC , POR:      a). Todas las causas que establece el Art culo 47 y dem s relativos de la LEY y adem s por los   que se se alan en este Reglamento;      b). Introducir armas de fuego, navajas u otras armas dentro del inmueble ocupado por    SWAC .      c). Violar correspondencia de  SWAC  o de LOS EMPLEADOS;      d). Dormirse en horas de trabajo o durante el desempe o de sus labores;      e). Distribuir literatura, folletos o material escrito de cualquier clase, mostrar letreros o r tulos   dentro del inmueble de  SWAC  sin autorizaci n espec fica de la Gerencia.      f). Introducir a las instalaciones de  SWAC , guardar, vender, comprar, distribuir o   consumir dentro de la empresa, cualquier tipo de droga o enervante.      g). Provocar ri a, cometer cualquier acto, o gesto obsceno o inmoral, o usar lenguaje   obsceno dentro del inmueble ocupado por  SWAC , o en cualquier veh culo al servicio de la   misma, ya sea durante o fuera de las horas de trabajo;      h).- Cometer actos de acoso sexual en contra de cualquier persona y con el objeto que EL   EMPLEADO no sea sancionado, deber  observar las reglas que se establecen en el Cap tulo   siguiente.        i). No observar las reglas relativas al uso de drogas, alcohol y fumar en las instalaciones de    SWAC .   j). Las dem s situaciones an logas que pudieran presentarse en la conducta de LOS   EMPLEADOS, de conformidad a su descripci n de puesto y a las disposiciones de LA LEY.      I. REGLAS APLICABLES AL ACOSO SEXUAL.       SWAC  desea mantener un ambiente de trabajo seguro, cordial y de compa erismo, por tanto,   no se aceptar n conductas que directa o indirectamente lleven impl cito un hostigamiento   sexual hacia LOS EMPLEADOS. Consecuentemente, y con el objeto de evitar una acci n   disciplinaria o rescisi n de contrato, LOS EMPLEADOS deber n observar las reglas   siguientes:   Page 1 0      

1. El acoso u hostigamiento, se define como una conducta no aceptada, ya sea verbal,   f sica o visual; que se base en el estatus de la persona tales como cuestiones de   genero, color, raza de origen, religi n, nacionalidad de origen, edad, incapacidad   mental o f sica, condici n m dica, estado marital, ciudadan a o cualquier otra afiliaci n.      Por otra parte, el acoso sexual lleva impl cito proposiciones sexuales que no son   rec procas, peticiones de favores sexuales, y otras conductas verbales o f sicas de   naturaleza sexual, por tanto, se considera acoso sexual cuando: (1) si el acceder a la   petici n en t rminos expl citos o impl citos afecte las condiciones del empleo, (2) si la   sumisi n o rechazo a la petici n es considerada como la base para la toma de   decisiones relacionada con el empleo, o (3) la conducta afecta el desempe o de   cualquier persona en el trabajo que pudiera crear un ambiente ofensivo, de intimidaci n   u hostilidad.      2. El hostigamiento sexual puede presentarse en diversas formas, incluyendo pero sin    limitarse a las siguientes:      A. VERBAL. Se consideran los comentarios sugestivos, amenazas, insultos, bromas   de contexto sexual, bromas con respecto a las caracter sticas espec ficas de   g nero, lenguaje, presi n a acceder a alguna cita, o comentarios realizados   acerca de las preferencias sexuales.      B. NO VERBAL. Se consideran los despliegues de gestos o movimientos, ya sean   impresos o visuales, sugestivos, o sonidos, gestos, silbidos o miradas ofensivos,   etc.      C. FISICO. Es el tocar, pellizcar, o acercar el cuerpo contra otro, obligando el trato   sexual.        LOS EMPLEADOS deber n evitar el hostigamiento sexual. Si considera que ha sido   testigo o v ctima del hostigamiento deber  notificarlo inmediatamente a su Supervisor   y/o Gerente de  SWAC .      Su Supervisor y/o Gerente investigar  las quejas de manera detallada  e inmediata.    SWAC  mantendr  las quejas de una manera confidencial, en la medida de que no   entorpezca la investigaci n del caso. Si se llegare a acreditar la existencia del acoso   sexual,  SWAC  tomara las acciones correctivas pertinentes en t rminos del presente   Reglamento, y que pudieran resultar hasta en la rescisi n del contrato de trabajo del   EMPLEADO involucrado.      J. REG LAS ESPECIALES PARA LA DISCIPLI NA.      Page 11                                    

C   o   m   o      m   C   o   m   o      m   i   e   m   b   r   o      dComo miembro del equipo  SWAC , se espera que LOS EMPLEADOS se   apeguen a los principios comerciales aceptables en materias de conducta   personal, y que se tenga un alto grado de integridad personal en todo   momento; por lo que, LOS EMPLEADOS deber n abstenerse de realizar   acciones que pueden hacer da o a sus compa eros de trabajo y a  SWAC .   Este tipo de acciones podr n ser vistas desfavorablemente por clientes   actuales o popotenciales o por el p blico en general.      Los tipos de comportamiento y conducta que  SWAC  considera impropios   incluyen, pero no son limitados a lo siguiente:      1.  Falsificar la solicitud de empleo, formas de control de horas de trabajo,  y otros   registros de  SWAC    2. Violar las reglas de anti-discriminaci n  de  SWAC  y/o la pol tica de hostigamiento   sexual;   3. Realizar actividades que resulten en cargos penales (robos, asaltos, etc.)   4. Solicitar o aceptar propinas de clientes;   5. Tardanza o ausentismo excesivo;                                                   6. Desperdicios deliberados, da o de, o el intento de da o de materiales, suministros,   productos, equipo, propiedad de  SWAC    7. Presentarse a trabajar embriagado o bajo la influencia de drogas no prescriptas, o la   manufactura ilegal, posesi n, uso, venta, distribuci n, o transporte de drogas;   8. Traer o ingerir bebidas alcoh licas en las instalaciones de  SWAC    9.  Re ir o usar lenguaje obsceno, ofensivo, amenazador o gestos;   10. Robar dinero de compa eros de trabajo, clientes o de  SWAC    11. Robar cualquier propiedad de  SWAC  incluyendo mobiliario, elementos   instalados, equipo o listas de clientes;   12. Poseer armas, municiones, armas de fuego, cuetes u otros art culos similares en   las instalaciones de  SWAC    13. Violar las pr cticas de seguridad que le podr an causar la muerte o lesi n seria a   los empleados de  SWAC    14. La insubordinaci n, deliberada negativa de seguir instrucciones, orden, o   asignaciones por su superior, o usando lenguaje obsceno o abusivo con los   empleados o clientes de  SWAC    15. No cumplir con las reglas de confidencialidad de  SWAC , con el cliente o su   informaci n, incluyendo productos, formas, manuales, etc., propiedad de  SWAC    16. No reportar u ocultar informaci n referente a desfalcos, falsificaci n de   documentos de pr stamo, registros de pago, o el uso indebido de dinero de   clientes o de otros empleados. LOS EMPLEADOS, de estar enterados, deben   proporcionar esta informaci n a  su Supervisor  inmediato,  quien  a  su  vez    reportar   el  incidente al      Page 12      

.. .   Director de  SWAC  o persona de mayor jerarqu a, con el objeto de que se tomen   las medidas pertinentes;   17. Negativa para llevar a cabo sus obligaciones de acuerdo a las labores asignadas   en  SWAC    18. Salir de las oficinas  de   SWAC   durante  las  horas  de  trabajo,  sin  permiso  del   Supervisor;   19. Actos deliberados o de negligencia que resulten da os serios en bienes propiedad   de  SWAC ,    20. Alterar boletines y documentos , poner o quitar documentos de cualquier clase en   la secci n de avisos de  SWAC , sin la aprobaci n correspondiente;   21. No reportar un accidente correctamente;   22. Usar lenguaje impropio o amenazar a los compa eros de trabajo;   23. Manejar asuntos personales durante el  tiempo de   trabajo sin   permiso   del   Supervisor;   24. La ineficiencia, falta de iniciativa en el trabajo, o la actuaci n poco satisfactoria en el   desempe o de sus labores asignadas;   25. Involucrarse en bromas de mal gusto, correr, o realizar cualquier actividad f sica que   pueda ocasionar alg n accidente;   26. Detener el  trabajo  o  suspender  las  labores antes  del  tiempo  especificado  para   descansos, comidas, o regresar tarde de comidas;   27. Participar en juegos de azar de cualquier tipo en las instalaciones de  SWAC    28. Obtener materiales o herramientas bajo  rdenes fraudulentas;      Si EL EMPLEADO incurre en alguna violaci n de las se aladas con antelaci n o en   alguna otra de las especificadas en este Reglamento o en LA LEY,  SWAC  podr    disciplinarlo de conformidad a lo establecido en el Apartado J del presente Reglamento.       LOS EM PLEADOS ADEMAS DE LA PRESTACION DE SUS SERVICIOS A QUE   ESTAN OBLIGADOS CONFORM E A SU CONTRATO INDIVI DUAL DE TRABAJO TAMBIEN   TENDRAN LA OBLIGACION DE:      a). Notificar a  SWAC  inmediatamente que se percaten de cualquier condici n de   maquinaria o equipo que pueda poner en peligro sus vidas, o salud, la de sus   compa eros, terceros, o causar da os a bienes de  SWAC       b). Notificar inmediatamente a  SWAC  de los da os que sufra el equipo de oficina   existente en sus instalaciones;      c). Notificar a su Supervisor de todo accidente o interrupci n en el trabajo;      Page 13      

d). Cumplir toda orden que reciba de impartir en la forma y t rminos que  SWAC  o la   Comisi n Mixta de Capacitaci n y Adiestramiento ordene, la instrucci n que sea   necesaria a  aquellos  compa eros  de  trabajo  o  personas  que  se  le  indiquen,  para   capacitarlo(s) o adiestrarlo(s) en el trabajo, conforme a los programas de capacitaci n y   adiestramiento al personal vigentes en  SWAC       e). Notificar a  SWAC  de toda enfermedad contagiosa contra da por  l, sus familiares o   por cualquier otro EMPLEADO;      f). Notificar a  SWAC  de todo cambio de domicilio, numero de tel fono, o cualquier   otra informaci n similar;      g). En caso de accidente, proporcionar la ayuda que sea necesaria;      EL EMPLEADO que no cumpla con una, o varias de estas obligaciones, se har    acreedor  a  acci n  disciplinarla  o  rescisi n  de  contrato  en  los  t rminos  de  este    Reglamento Interior de Trabajo.      J.  REGLAS  APLICABLES  AL  USO  DE    CORREO  ELECTRONICO,  INTERNET,   CORREO DE VOZ Y TELEFONO.      Con la finalidad de que los equipos que se proporcionen a LOS EMPLEADOS, como   herramientas de trabajo, tengan un uso adecuado y, adem s, optimizar su utilizaci n,   se deber n observar las regulaciones siguientes:      a). REGLAS PARA EL USO DE CORREO ELECTRONICO (EMAIL)      Estas reglas deber n ser observadas por todas aquellas personas que se les haya   proporcionado, como herramienta de trabajo, un equipo de c mputo, con la finalidad   de  que  puedan desarrollar  de  manera   ptima  las labores  inherentes  al  puesto que    desempe an en  SWAC .      Para evitar que el usuario sea acreedor a una acci n disciplinarla, deber  observar las   reglas siguientes:      1. Los usuarios de correo electr nico deben utilizar este servicio  nicamente para   desarrollar el  trabajo que tiene asignado en  SWAC . Por tanto, no debe ser   usado para enviar cartas de cumplea os, cartas de cadenas, tarjetas de   felicitaci n, tarjetas postales electr nicas y tarjetas divertidas u otro mensaje que   no se pueda controlar, ya que estas formas de comunicaci n consumen   cantidades considerables de recursos y sobrecargan el sistema cuando circulan a   gran escala.      Page 14      

2. Los usuarios deben tener una buena raz n para escoger el correo electr nico   como un medio de comunicaci n, el mensaje puede ser ordinario o urgente. Se   debe tomar en cuenta, de que existen otros medios de intercambio electr nico y   que son m s apropiados para archivos de tama o grande, graficas complejas y   comunicaciones de poca prioridad.      3. No debe usarse para enviar anexos muy grandes, ya que los archivos de este   tipo con dibujos o diagramas sobrecargan el sistema.      4. El Sistema de correo electr nico interno de  SWAC , debe ser usado en todas   las comunicaciones electr nicas internas con la organizaci n y terceros   seleccionados, con el objeto de evitar costos excesivos en el servicio.      5. La persona que env a un mensaje con archivo adjunto debe utilizar el est ndar   fijado por  SWAC .      6. Con el objeto de evitar una sobrecarga en el sistema, deben ser actualizadas   las direcciones de correos electr nicos almacenados, ya que las direcciones   pueden cambiar, y de esta forma se evita el env o de mensajes a direcciones   inexistentes.      7. Un fundamento suficiente debe existir antes de que un usuario pueda ser   incluido o excluido a una lista de distribuci n de direcciones de correos y   autoriz rsele a utilizar dicha lista.      8. Un mensaje electr nico debe incluir claramente el nombre completo de quien   lo origin , direcci n comercial y asunto. Un mensaje electr nico incluye tanto el   propio mensaje texto y sus anexos. Esto tambi n se aplica al reenviar un   mensaje de correo electr nico.      10. Est  prohibido a cualquier empleado de  SWAC , usar el sistema de correo   electr nico interno y el correo de Internet de cualquier forma ilegal o que pueda   da ar la reputaci n de  SWAC , tales como:      a. Deliberadamente acceder, crear, exhibir, transmitir, solicitar, imprimir,   transmitir por teleproceso, o de cualquier otra forma, diseminar mensajes,   informaciones o material que son o pueden ser interpretados como   amenazadores, fraudulentos, pornogr ficos, discriminatorios, con sentido   sexual, abusivo, injurioso, violaci n de derechos, difamatorios, obscenos,   molestos, despreciativos o de cualquier otra forma irregular o inadecuada.      b. Deliberadamente copiar, reproducir, transmitir, distribuir, remitir o de   cualquier otra forma diseminar o usar materiales en violaci n de la LEY DE   Page 15      

LA PROPIEDAD INDUSTRIAL o de cualquier otra ley o reglamento   aplicable.      c. Enviar intencionalmente correspondencia masiva y no deseada, lo cual   adem s de ser ilegal, es muy inc modo para los usuarios.      d. Enviar intencional y voluntariamente correos no solicitados, como   promociones de productos, etc. para consumidores individuales, al menos   que ellos hayan optado por tales comunicaciones.      e. Usar el sistema de correo electr nico para lucros personales (por   ejemplo, a trav s de juegos en l nea y actividades no relacionadas con    SWAC .      11. El correo electr nico est  sujeto a los par metros y pol ticas de   almacenamiento y detenci n de documentos de  SWAC . Los usuarios deben   estar conscientes de que el uso de correo electr nico crea un registro que puede   ser permanente, incluso cuando es excluido de un buz n de correo electr nico.   Las comunicaciones por correo electr nico, as  como los documentos por escrito,   est n sujetos a las pol ticas y par metros  SWAC  sobre almacenamiento y   retenci n de documentos.      12. Informaciones confidenciales o secretas deben ser siempre enviadas como   anexo y deben ser codificadas. Los mensajes de correo electr nico que contienen   informaciones confidenciales o secretas deben ser espec ficamente marcados   como  confidencial  o  secretos . Informaciones confidenciales o secretas  no   deben formar parte como el cuerpo del mensaje del correo electr nico, pero s ,   deben de ser adicionadas como anexo. Los anexos que contengan informaciones   secretas de la empresa deben ser siempre codificadas, de acuerdo con los   patrones de  SWAC .      13. Los usuarios de correo electr nico deben de revisar su buz n en forma   regular y tambi n se espera que respondan los mensajes que les llegan lo m s   pronto posible. Los correos electr nicos y/o anexos no deben ser abiertos si   existen sospechas sobre el remitente o sobre el asunto. Virus de computadora   pueden tener serios impactos sobre la capacidad de una empresa para realizar   sus operaciones. Nunca abra un correo electr nico o sus anexos si no reconoce   el remitente, la empresa o el asunto.      14. Respuestas a un mensaje electr nico no deben incluir su original y/o anexos,   al menos que sea estrictamente necesario para su completo entendimiento.   Tambi n deber  ser evitado enviar copia autom tica de la respuesta a todos los   destinatarios del mensaje original.   Page 16      

15.  SWAC  puede hacer monitoreo e inspecci n del uso del correo electr nico   (E-mail) sujeto a las leyes aplicables. El alcance del monitoreo y de la inspecci n   puede incluir la verificaci n de todo el camino hecho por la informaci n  del   correo electr nico o de otros archivos creados, transmitidos o recibidos de otros   usuarios.      16. Todo el equipo se debe encargar a otra persona para tener acceso a los   buzones de correo electr nico en caso de enfermedad o ausencia inesperada del   usuario habitual. Para evitar una situaci n en que un mensaje de correo   electr nico importante no sea le do durante una ausencia inesperada, todos del   equipo deben indicar un encargado que leer  y dar  contestaci n a los mensajes   cuando alguien no est  disponible.            17.  SWAC , quien  provee  el  correo  electr nico  no  es  responsable  del  uso   inapropiado de este servicio por el usuario. Es del usuario la responsabilidad de   cumplir  con las reglas especificadas en este apartado.      b). REGLAS PARA USO DE INTERNET.        Estas reglas fijan los est ndares para el uso apropiado y comportamiento de   todos los empleados de  SWAC  que accesen a la  Internet. En 11SWAC  el uso de   Internet se registra tanto el acceso a las p ginas y el tiempo de conexi n.        Las reglas a observar, ser n las siguientes:        El contenido de la informaci n que se intercambie est  sujeta a las mismas   restricciones de la informaci n no electr nica. Debe ser apropiada y consistente   de acuerdo a las pol ticas de  SWAC .        Nunca intercambiar informaci n la cual podr a poner a   SWAC  en  riesgo  de   violar alguna ley.        Programas para copiar de Internet no necesariamente son gratuitos; por tanto,   utilizar s lo programas con licencia o que se especifique que es gratuito.           Utilice su acceso a Internet con moderaci n. Comun quese o utilice el Internet de   una manera consistente y que le ayude en su productividad de sus actividades   de trabajo.        Est  prohibido utilizar los recursos de  SWAC  para uso personal o no   relacionado con el trabajo, tanto dentro como fuera de su horario de trabajo.   Page 17      

Estar alerta de virus en archivos que se copian de Internet.        Asegurarse de la clasificaci n (confidencial, urgente o no clasificada) de toda la   informaci n en archivos o mensajes enviados por el Internet.        Nunca  intercambiar  informaci n  clasificada por Internet  en  una  manera  No   codificada.        Todos los archivos recibidos de Internet deben ser revisados de virus antes de   ser utilizados o distribuidos.      Acciones disciplinarias por  uso  indebido  de  Correo  Electr nico  e   Internet.               Una acci n disciplinaria puede ser tanto una amonestaci n verbal o terminaci n   justificada del contrato de trabajo, dependiendo de la gravedad de la situaci n   es la severidad de la acci n disciplinaria; ya que no todas las conductas son el   resultado de una acci n disciplinaria.   Para cualquier duda,  favor de contactarse con su Supervisor y/o Gerente de    SWAC .   En forma enunciativa pero no limitativa, deber n observarse las  reglas   siguientes:        Utilizar o intentar usar cualquiera computadora que no sea la asignada, o   hacer uso de otra contrase a, ya sea dentro de  SWAC  u otra   organizaci n.        Enviar un mensaje por correo de voz o electr nico que atente en contra   de alguien o acoso sexual o racial.        Borrar o destruir informaci n de la compa  a guardada electr nicamente   sin autorizaci n.        Utilizar programas sin la autorizaci n correspondiente en equipo de la   compa  a.        Enviar o copiar informaci n confidencial de la compa  a a organizaciones   fuera de 1 SWAC  o a personal no autorizado sin el permiso   correspondiente.            Page 18      

Negarse a cooperar o tratar de impedir el avance de una investigaci n o   auditoria interna.        Utilizar equipo de la compa  a para trabajos personales o no relacionados   con su trabajo.        Crear un excesivo tr fico de volumen de informaci n no relacionado a su   trabajo en la red, como enviar cadena de cartas por correo electr nico,   tarjetas de felicitaci n, etc.      I Ingresar a sitios que  tengan contenido y despliegue de   material   pornogr fico y sitios similares.     Conectarse al mundo externo (ejemplo: por modem) sin la autorizaci n   previa.      c). REGLAS PARA EL USO DEL TELEFONO        La etiqueta telef nica es una de las herramientas m s importantes  para   establecer buenas relaciones con los clientes y al usarlo, deber n observarse las   reglas siguientes:        Al  hablar  por tel fono,  deber s  ser  natural,  animado,  expresivo,  agradable  y   amable.        Contestar el tel fono con toda prontitud, identificando el nombre de nuestra   empresa y proporcionar tu nombre. Por ejemplo: Buenos d as, Prestamos   Avance, habla Pedro L pez, en que lo puedo servir?              Si es necesario poner en espera a la persona que llama, primero pida permiso   para hacerlo u ofrecer contestar la llamada posteriormente.        Siempre ofrecerse  a tomar  mensaje y n mero de tel fono,  si la  persona  que   buscan no est  disponible.        Contestar las llamadas oportunamente, por lo menos, en el mismo d a en que la   llamada sea recibida.        El tel fono solamente debe utilizarse para asuntos de trabajo.        Reportes de historial de llamadas son generados a petici n de  SWAC .            Page 19      

d). REGLAS PARA EL USO DE CORREO DE VOZ.        El correo de voz debe ser utilizado solo para asuntos de trabajo.        El correo de voz ser  administrado por 11SWAC .        Los usuarios deben de verificar peri dicamente su correo de voz para escuchar sus   mensajes. El borrar sus mensajes lo m s pronto posible evita que su buz n se   congestione y cause problemas a todo el sistema de correo de voz. Algunas fallas   dar n como resultado la p rdida de mensajes y posiblemente interrumpir el servicio de   correo de voz.        No guardar m s de 5 mensajes dentro de su buz n de correo de voz.        No guardar mensajes por un periodo largo de tiempo (m s de 2 semanas).        Problemas con su correo de voz deben ser reportados a su Supervisor y/o   Gerente de  SWAC .   I   Gu a de uso de Contrase a del Correo de Voz.        La contrase a del correo de voz se debe cambiar de la inicial que se le entrega por   motivos de seguridad.        La contrase a debe de tener un m nimo de 4 d gitos.        La contrase a se debe cambiar cada 6 meses.        Problemas con su contrase a de correo de voz, se debe reportar a su Supervisor y/o    Gerente de  SWAC .      K. PROCEDIMIENTO DE PAGOS.      1.-PAGO DE SALARIO      Con el objeto de evitar extrav os, robos, etc., en las percepciones que reciben LOS   EMPLEADOS al servicio de  SWAC , las partes est n de acuerdo en que se pagaran a trav s   de dep sitos directos en una instituci n Bancaria legalmente establecida en el pa s.   Consecuentemente, LOS EMPLEADOS est n conformes en que el pago del salario se sujetara a   las reglas siguientes:         Page 20      

a).- Los d as de pago ser n los d as QUINCE Y ULTIMO DE CADA MES o el d a   inmediato anterior, en caso de que dichos d as sean inh biles.      b).-  SWAC  har  los dep sitos directos ante la instituci n Bancaria a un n mero de cuenta   que previamente le haya sido asignada a cada EMPLEADO.      c).- La instituci n Bancaria le entregara a cada EMPLEADO una tarjeta de d bito con un   numero confidencial, con el objeto de que pueda realizar los retiros en efectivo que   convengan a sus intereses.      d).- LOS EMPLEADOS podr n disponer de las cantidades depositadas por  SWAC     directamente ante la instituci n de cr dito o en los cajeros autom ticos establecidos para tal   efecto.      e).- LOS EMPLEADOS una vez que se haya hecho el dep sito por  SWAC , deber n firmar   el recibo de pago correspondiente.      f).- LOS EMPLEADOS en caso de alguna irregularidad o inconformidad en su pago   acudir n dentro del t rmino de TRES (3) DIAS con su Supervisor y/o Gerente de    SWAC  para que se efect e la rectificaci n o aclaraci n que pudiere resultar   pertinente.       SWAC  conviene con LOS EMPLEADOS en que esta tendr  el derecho de cambiar el d a de   pago cuando sus operaciones as  lo requieran, dando aviso a LOS EMPLEADOS con   VEINTICUATRO (24) HORAS de anticipaci n, por lo que LOS EMPLEADOS otorgan su   consentimiento para tal efecto.      2.- VACACIONES      Los EMPLEADOS gozaran de vacaciones en los t rminos establecidos por los art culos del 76   al 81 de la LEY, recibiendo adem s de sus salarios la prima del 25% que la LEY establece.       SWAC  conceder  a SUS EMPLEADOS SUS vacaciones dentro de los SEIS (6) MESES   siguientes a la fecha en que cumplan UN (1) A O de haber entrado a prestarle sus   servicios, para lo cual  SWAC  llevara el padr n o  ndice necesario de ingresos y   antig edades y har  el rol de vacaciones y se alar  las fechas en que LOS EMPLEADOS   disfrutar n de las mismas.      Queda convenido que  SWAC  podr  a su discreci n, conceder las vacaciones cuando no   interrumpan sus operaciones normales.         Page 21      

3. DIAS DE DESCANSO OBLIGATORIOS      En cumplimiento por lo preceptuado por el Articulo 74 de LA LEY se conviene en que son   d as de descanso obligatorios, con goce de sueldo para LOS EMPLEADOS al servicio de    SWAC , los siguientes:      I. Primero (1o.) de enero;   II. El primer lunes de febrero en conmemoraci n del 5 de febrero;    III. El tercer lunes de marzo en conmemoraci n del 21 de marzo;   IV. Primera (1o.) de mayo;   V. Diecis is (16) de septiembre;   VI. El tercer lunes de noviembre en conmemoraci n del 20 de   noviembre;   VII. Primera (1o.) de diciembre de cada seis (6) anos, cuando   corresponda a la transmisi n del Poder Ejecutivo Federal;   VIII. El que determinen las leyes federales y locales electorales, en caso   de elecciones ordinarias, para efectuar la jornada electoral;   IX. Veinticinco (25) de diciembre; y,   X. Viernes Santo.         L.    DISPOSICIONES GENERALES.      1.  No se admitir n visitantes en las  reas de trabajo, sin que porten el gafete de   identificaci n de visitante proporcionado por la administraci n de  SWAC .   2.  Los visitantes deber n en todo momento estar acompa ados por representante de    SWAC  y deber n tener motivo fundado para estar en las  reas mencionadas.   3.  LOS EMPLEADOS estar n sujetos a las revisiones rutinarias de seguridad que   efect e el personal de vigilancia y seguridad de  SWAC , para asegurar que no se   introduzcan objetos prohibidos a las  reas de trabajo - tales como armas, navajas,   bebidas alcoh licas, drogas, etc. - o que se saquen de las mismas cualquier objeto   propiedad de LA EMPRESA, o de LOS EMPLEADOS.   4.  Aquellos EMPLEADOS a los cuales se les proporcion  computadora o cualquier   equipo de oficina para el desempe o de sus labores, ser n responsables de su   cuidado y de los da os causados por uso indebido, en este caso, EL EMPLEADO ser    responsable del costo de su reposici n.      5. En todo lo no previsto en este Reglamento Interior de Trabajo 1 las partes estar n   sujetas a las disposiciones de la LEY.   6. Este Reglamento Interior de Trabajo podr  ser modificado por  SWAC  y sus   EMPLEADOS, al no ajustarse sus disposiciones a LA LEY.      El presente Reglamento Interior de Trabajo fue redactado, discutido, aprobado y firmado   en el local de la empresa denominada SERVICIOS WORLD ACCEPTANCE   Page 22      

CORPARATION DE MEXICO, S. DE R. L. DE C.V., el d a 16 de Febrero de 2010, en   Monterrey, N. L., por todos y cada uno de LOS EMPLEADOS que actualmente prestan   Servicios y ser  depositado ante la Junta de Conciliaci n y Arbitraje para su aprobaci n y para   que surta sus efectos.      El presente Reglamento Interior de Trabajo deja sin efectos cualquier otro que haya sido   celebrado con anterioridad.         SERVIC OS WORLD ACCEPTANCE CORPARAT ON DE MEXICO, S. DE R. L. DE C.V.         Por: _________________________            LOS EMPLEADOS                                                                                                            Page 23      

1   EXHIBIT D         Ley Contra las Pr cticas Extranjeras de Corrupci n   Pol tica de Declaraci n y Gu a de Reconocimiento         Nombre:        Cargo:         Departamento:        Supervisor:        Yo declaro que he recibido y le do la Ley Contra las   Pr cticas Extranjeras de Corrupci n de World   Acceptance Corporation (la  Pol tica FCPA ).  Estoy   familiarizado (a) con la Pol tica FCPA y las   disposiciones contenidas en la misma.  Tengo   conocimiento de las provisiones de la Pol tica FCPA y   de las consecuencias de su incumplimiento. Igualmente   entiendo que dicha pol tica de World Acceptance   Corporation, proh be cualquier actividad que este en   violaci n del FCPA, y estoy de acuerdo en cumplir con   la Pol tica FCPA y las disposiciones y procedimientos   que sean emitidos por World Acceptance Corporation.    S  que puedo obtener una copia de la Pol tica FCPA   del Departamento de Recursos Humanos en cualquier   momento y que debo contactar a mi supervisor directo   inmediatamente surjan preguntas o inquietudes.      Foreign Corrupt Practices Act   Policy Statement and Guide Acknowledgement         Name:         Title:         Department:        Supervisor:        I have received and read the Foreign Corrupt   Practices Act Policy of World Acceptance   Corporation (the  FCPA Policy ).  I am familiar   with the FCPA Policy and the related procedures   contained therein.  I understand the provisions of the   FCPA Policy and the consequences of its violation.    I also understand that such policy of World   Acceptance Corporation, prohibits any activity in   violation of the FCPA, and I agree to abide by such   FCPA Policy and the provisions and procedures   issued by World Acceptance Corporation.  I am   aware that I can obtain a copy of the FCPA Policy   from the Human Resources department at any time   and that I should contact my direct supervisor   immediately should any issues or questions arise.               Por / By:         Nombre / Name:        Fecha / Date:        

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 wrld_9302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Janet Lewis Matricciani, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of World Acceptance Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Dated:  
    November 4, 2016 
    /s/  Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 wrld_9302016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, John L. Calmes, Jr., certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of World Acceptance Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Dated:  
    November 4, 2016 
    /s/  John L. Calmes, Jr. 

John L. Calmes, Jr. 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 wrld_9302016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
    
  I, Janet Lewis Matricciani, of World Acceptance Corporation (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that (to my knowledge): 
            (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Dated:  
    November 4, 2016 
    /s/  Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Janet Lewis Matricciani 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 wrld_9302016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
    
  I, John L. Calmes, Jr., of World Acceptance Corporation (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that (to my knowledge): 
            (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Dated:  
    November 4, 2016 
    /s/  John L. Calmes, Jr. 

John L. Calmes, Jr. 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 wrld-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wrld-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wrld-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wrld-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wrld-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wrld-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

