<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1069878_0001193125-16-762453_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2584072</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70320</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>185731</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>383587</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1113246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>726699</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762453.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108090255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762453
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TREX CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LUMBER & WOOD PRODUCTS (NO FURNITURE) [2400]
		IRS NUMBER:				541910453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14649
		FILM NUMBER:		161980116

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 EXETER DRIVE
		CITY:			WINCHESTER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22603-8605
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5405426300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 EXETER DRIVE
		CITY:			WINCHESTER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22603-8605

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762453.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d244965d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 001-14649        

Trex Company, Inc.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        
        
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (540) 542-6300   
  Not Applicable      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.:      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):
  Yes         No       The number of shares of the registrant s common stock,
par value $.01 per share, outstanding at October 11, 2016 was 29,394,429 shares.      

Table of Contents  

     TREX COMPANY, INC.   
  INDEX       

Page  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. 
      
  Financial Statements  

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
 and December 31, 2015   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September
 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

3 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

4 

Item 2. 
      
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

11 

Item 3. 
      
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

18 

Item 4. 
      
  Controls and Procedures  

18 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1. 
      
  Legal Proceedings  

18 

Item 6. 
      
  Exhibits  

18 

i  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements        TREX COMPANY, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
 (Unaudited)    (In thousands, except
share and per share data)      
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   TREX COMPANY, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
 (In thousands)      
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   TREX COMPANY, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
 (Unaudited)    (In thousands)  
   
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   TREX COMPANY, INC.   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION       Trex Company, Inc. (Company) is the world s largest manufacturer of
wood-alternative decking and railing products, which are marketed under the brand name Trex   . The Company manufactures and distributes high-performance, low-maintenance wood/plastic composite
outdoor living products and related accessories. A majority of its products are manufactured in a proprietary process that combines reclaimed wood fibers and scrap polyethylene. The Company is incorporated in Delaware. The principal executive
offices are located at 160 Exeter Drive, Winchester, Virginia 22603, and the telephone number at that address is (540) 542-6300. The Company operates in a single reportable segment.  

2.  
  BASIS OF PRESENTATION       The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
and recurring adjustments except as otherwise described herein) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. The consolidated results of operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full fiscal year. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 included in the Annual Report of Trex Company, Inc. on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
   The Company s critical accounting policies are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.

3.  
  NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS       In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   The new standard requires an entity to recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be
entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. The new revenue standard will be effective for the Company for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The methods of
adoption provided for in the new standard are the retrospective method and the cumulative effect method. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments clarifying the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations, identifying
performance obligations, and the accounting of intellectual property licenses. Also, the FASB provided for practical expedients related to disclosures of remaining performance obligations, and guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration and
the presentation of sales and similar taxes. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adoption of the new standard and the guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related note disclosures and has not yet selected a
method of adoption.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) .  The new standard requires lessees to
recognize leases on the balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The liability will be equal to the present value of the lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability,
subject to adjustment. For income statement purposes, the leases will continue to be classified as either operating or finance. Operating leases will result in straight-line expense (similar to current operating leases) and finance leases will
result in a front-loaded expense pattern (similar to current capital leases). The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the new
standard must be adopted using the modified retrospective transition method, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adoption of the new standard on
its consolidated financial statements and related note disclosures.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation  
Stock Compensation (Topic 718) .  The guidance amends certain aspects of accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including accounting for income taxes related to those transactions. The guidance will require recognizing
excess tax benefits and deficiencies on share-based awards in the tax provision, instead of in equity. Also, the guidance requires these amounts to be classified as an operating activity and shares withheld to satisfy employee taxes to be classified
as a financing activity in the statement of cash flow,  
      4  

Table of Contents  

rather than as currently classified as financing and operating activities, respectively. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim
periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. All provisions of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of the ASU will have on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. The guidance is required to be adopted as follows:      

Prospectively for the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the tax provision;        

Retrospectively or prospectively for the classification of income tax benefits and deficiencies in the statement of cash flows; and        

Retrospectively for the classification of shares withheld to satisfy employee taxes in the statement of cash flows.    
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) .  The guidance is intended to reduce diversity in
practice across all industries in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance requires application using a retrospective translation method. The Company is assessing the impact of adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related
note disclosures.      

4.  
  INVENTORIES       Inventories, at LIFO (last-in, first-out) value, consist of the following (in thousands):
     
   The Company utilizes the LIFO method of accounting for inventory, which generally provides for the matching of current costs
with current revenues. However, under the LIFO method, reductions in annual inventory balances cause a portion of the Company s cost of sales to be based on historical costs rather than current year costs (LIFO liquidation). Reductions in
interim inventory balances expected to be replenished by year-end do not result in a LIFO liquidation. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based, in part, on management s estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs which
may differ from actual results. Since inventory levels and costs are subject to factors beyond management s control, interim results are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. There were no LIFO inventory liquidations or
related impact on cost of sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.      

5.  
  PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER ASSETS       Prepaid expenses and other assets consist of the following (in
thousands):      
 
      5  

Table of Contents  

  In January 2016, the Company sold a portion of the Olive Branch facility that contained buildings for $4.2
million and, as of September 30, 2016, continues to own approximately 62 acres of undeveloped land which is classified as held for sale in prepaid expenses and other assets. 

6.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT       The Company s asset measured at fair value is summarized in the following
table and consists of property held for sale. Fair value is determined based on management s best estimate of market participants  pricing of the property, including input from broker and industry specialists, and considers the condition
of the property (in thousands):      

7.  
  ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES       Accrued expenses and other liabilities consist of the following
(in thousands):      
     
   The Company s outstanding debt consists of a revolving credit facility.  
  Revolving Credit Facility     Through January 11, 2016,
the Company s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provided the Company with one or more revolving loans in a collective maximum principal amount of $150 million from January 1 through June 30 of each year, and a maximum
principal amount of $100 million from July 1 through December 31 of each year.    On January 12, 2016, the Company entered into a Third
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, with Bank of America, N.A. as Lender, Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer, and certain other lenders including Citibank, N.A., Capital One, N.A., and SunTrust. The
Third Amended Credit Agreement, as amended, provides the Company with one or more revolving loans in a collective maximum principal amount of $250 million from January 1 through June 30 of each year, and a maximum principal amount of $200
million from July 1 through December 31 of each year throughout the term, which ends January 12, 2021.    The Company had no outstanding
borrowings under its revolving credit facility and remaining available borrowing capacity of $200 million at September 30, 2016.     Compliance with
Debt Covenants and Restrictions     The Company s ability to make scheduled principal and interest payments, borrow and repay amounts under any
outstanding revolving credit facility and continue to comply with any loan covenants depends primarily on the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants contained in its debt agreements. Failure to comply with the loan
covenants might cause lenders to accelerate the repayment obligations under the credit facility, which may be declared payable immediately based on a default.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

9.  
  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS       The Company considers the recorded value of its financial assets and liabilities,
consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities to approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.      

10.  
  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY        Earnings Per Share   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except share and per share data):  
   
   Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares determined for the basic earnings per share
computation plus the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents using the treasury stock method. The computation of diluted earnings per share excludes the following potentially dilutive securities because the effect would be anti-dilutive:  
   
    Stock Repurchase Programs   
 On October 23, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program of up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s outstanding
common stock (October 2014 Stock Repurchase Program). This authorization had no expiration date. In 2015, the Company repurchased 1,134,300 shares for $45.2 million under the October 2014 Stock Repurchase Program. On October 22, 2015, the Board
of Directors terminated the October 2014 Stock Repurchase Program.    On October 22, 2015, the Board of Directors adopted a new stock repurchase
program of up to 3,150,000 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock (October 2015 Stock Repurchase Program). This authorization has a termination date of December 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has repurchased
1,578,952 shares for $53.3 million under the October 2015 Stock Repurchase Program.      

11.  
  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION       The Company has one stock-based compensation plan, the 2014 Stock Incentive
Plan (Plan), approved by the Company s stockholders in April 2014. The Plan amended and restated in its entirety the Trex Company, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company s
Board of Directors. Stock-based compensation is granted to officers, directors and certain key employees in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. The Plan provides for grants of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock
appreciation rights (SARs), and unrestricted stock. As of September 30, 2016, the total aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is 6,420,000.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In 2014, the Company began granting performance-based restricted stock in addition to the time-based restricted
stock it previously granted. The performance-based restricted shares have a three-year vesting period, vesting one-third each year based on target earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for 1 year, cumulative 2 years and
cumulative 3 years, respectively. The number of shares that vest, with respect to each vesting, will be between 0% and 200% of the target number of shares.  
 In 2015, the Company began issuing restricted stock units in lieu of restricted stock. Accordingly, time-based restricted stock units replaced time-based
restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units replaced performance-based restricted stock. The vesting terms of the restricted stock units are identical to the vesting provisions of the restricted stock.  
 The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. There were no SARs issued during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. For SARs issued in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 the assumptions shown in the following table were used:      
   The following table summarizes the Company s stock-based compensation grants for the nine months ended September 30,
2016:      

(a) 
 Includes 41,601 of target performance-based restricted stock unit awards granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and an adjustment of 3,324 grants due to the actual performance level achieved for
restricted stock awarded in 2015.      The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense ratably over the period from the grant date to
the earlier of: (1) the vesting date of the award, or (2) the date the grantee is eligible to retire without forfeiting the award. For performance-based restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units, expense is recognized
ratably over the performance and vesting period of each tranche based on management s judgment of the ultimate award that is likely to be paid out based on the achievement of the predetermined performance measures. The following table
summarizes the Company s stock-based compensation expense (in thousands):      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

  Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards as of September 30, 2016 was $3.3 million.
The cost of these unvested awards is being recognized over the requisite vesting period of each award.      
   The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was 35.5% and 37.2%, respectively, which resulted in expense of $29.5 million and $23.7 million, respectively. A difference of 1.3% in the effective tax rate was due to non-deductible tax items in 2015. The remaining difference of 0.4% was
due to the availability of Federal research and development tax credits in 2016.    The Company analyzes its deferred tax assets each reporting period,
considering all available positive and negative evidence in determining the expected realization of those deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2016, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of $4.6 million against deferred tax assets
primarily related to state tax credits it estimates will expire before they are realized.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company realized $1.7 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards and recorded a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital.    The
Company operates in multiple tax jurisdictions and, in the normal course of business, its tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future assessments by these taxing authorities, and the
Company accrues a liability when it believes that it is more likely than not that benefits of tax positions will not be realized. The Company believes that adequate provisions have been made for all tax returns subject to examination. As of
September 30, 2016, Federal tax years 2012 through 2015 remain subject to examination. Sales made to foreign distributors are not taxable in any foreign jurisdictions as the Company does not have a taxable presence in any foreign jurisdiction.
     
   The Company s operating results have historically varied from quarter to quarter,
often attributable to seasonal trends in the demand for Trex products. The Company has historically experienced lower net sales during the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. Also, seasonal, erratic or prolonged adverse weather conditions in
certain geographic regions reduce the level of home improvement and construction activity and can shift net sales to a later period.      

14.  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES        Contract Termination Costs   
 The Company leases 55,047 square feet of office and storage space that it does not occupy, but has sublet all of the office space for the remainder of the term
of its lease obligation, which ends June 30, 2019. The Company estimates that the future sublease receipts will be less than the remaining minimum lease payment obligations under its lease and has recorded a liability for the present value of
the expected shortfall.    As of September 30, 2016, minimum payments remaining under the Company s lease relating to its reconsidered corporate
relocation over the years ending December 31, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019 are $0.5 million, $1.9 million, $2.0 million and $1.0 million, respectively. Net minimum receipts remaining under the Company s existing subleases over the years
ending December 31, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 are $0.3 million, $1.3 million, $1.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively.    The following table
provides information about the Company s liability related to the lease (in thousands):      
    Product Warranty     The
Company warrants that its products will be free from material defects in workmanship and materials. This warranty generally extends for a period of 25 years for residential use and 10 years for commercial use, excluding TrexTrim  and Trex
Reveal    Railing, which have a warranty period of 25 years for both residential and commercial use. The Company further warrants that Trex
Transcend   , Trex Enhance   , Trex Select    and Universal Fascia products will not
fade in color more than a certain amount and will be resistant to permanent staining from food substances or mold, provided the stain is cleaned within seven days of appearance. This warranty extends for a period of 25 years for residential use and
10 years for commercial use. If there is a breach of such warranties, the Company has an obligation either to replace the defective product or refund the purchase price.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The Company continues to receive and settle claims for products manufactured at its Nevada facility prior to 2007
that exhibit surface flaking and maintains a warranty reserve to provide for the settlement of these claims. Estimating the warranty reserve for surface flaking claims requires management to estimate (1) the number of claims to be settled with
payment and (2) the average cost to settle each claim.    To estimate the number of claims to be settled with payment, the Company utilizes actuarial
techniques to quantify both the expected number of claims to be received and the percentage of those claims that will ultimately require payment (collectively, elements). Estimates for these elements are quantified using a range of assumptions
derived from claim count history and the identification of factors influencing the claim counts. The number of claims received has declined each year since peaking in 2009, although the rate of decline has decelerated in recent years. Additionally,
events, such as the 2009 settlement of a class action lawsuit covering the surface defect and communications by the Company in 2013 informing homeowners of potential hazards associated with products exhibiting surface flaking that are not timely
replaced, have obscured observable trends in historical claims activity. The cost per claim varies due to a number of factors, including the size of affected decks, the availability and type of replacement material used, the cost of production of
replacement material and the method of claim settlement.    The Company monitors surface flaking claims activity each quarter for indications that its
estimates require revision. Typically, a majority of surface flaking claims received in a year are received during the summer outdoor season, which spans the second and third quarters. It has been the Company s practice to utilize the actuarial
techniques discussed above during the third quarter, after a significant portion of all claims has been received for the fiscal year and variances to annual claims expectations are more meaningful. The number of claims received in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was lower than claims received in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, continuing the historical year-over-year decline in incoming claims, but was higher than the Company s expectations. Also, the
average settlement cost per claim experienced in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was higher than the average settlement cost per claim experienced during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and higher than the Company s
expectation for 2016. As a result and after actuarial review, the Company revised its estimate and recorded an increase to the warranty reserve of $9.8 million during the third quarter of 2016. Based on the facts and circumstances at
September 30, 2016, the Company believes its reserve is sufficient to cover future surface flaking obligations. The Company notes that its annual cash outflows for surface flaking claims declined by $1.7 million, or 19%, in 2015 compared to
2014, and by $1.1 million, or 21%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.    The Company s analysis
is based on currently known facts and a number of assumptions, as discussed above, and current expectations. Projecting future events such as the number of claims to be received, the number of claims that will require payment and the average cost of
claims could cause the actual warranty liabilities to be higher or lower than those projected, which could materially affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company estimates that the annual number of
claims received will continue to decline over time and that the average cost per claim will increase slightly, primarily due to inflation. If the level of claims received or average cost per claim differs materially from expectations, it could
result in additional increases or decreases to the warranty reserve and a decrease or increase in earnings and cash flows in future periods. The Company estimates that a 10% change in the expected number of remaining claims to be settled with
payment or the expected cost to settle claims may result in approximately a $3.5 million change in the surface flaking warranty reserve.    The following is
a reconciliation of the Company s warranty reserve that represents amounts accrued for surface flaking claims (in thousands):      
   The remainder of the Company s warranty reserve represents amounts accrued for non-surface flaking claims.  
  Legal Matters     The Company has lawsuits, as well as other
claims, pending against it which are ordinary routine litigation and claims incidental to the business. Management has evaluated the merits of these lawsuits and claims, and believes that their ultimate resolution will not have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or competitive position.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        The
following management discussion should be read in conjunction with the Trex Company, Inc. (Company, we or our) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the
condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this quarterly report.   
  NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     This
management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements regarding our expected
financial position and operating results, our business strategy, our financing plans, forecasted demographic and economic trends relating to our industry and similar matters are forward-looking statements. These statements can sometimes be
identified by our use of forward-looking words such as  may,   will,   anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   intend  or similar expressions. We cannot promise you that our expectations in
such forward-looking statements will turn out to be correct. Our actual results could be materially different from our expectations because of various factors, including the factors discussed under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC. These statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company s actual operating results to differ materially. Such risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the extent of market acceptance of the Company s current and newly developed products; the costs associated with the development and launch of new products and the market acceptance of such new
products; the sensitivity of the Company s business to general economic conditions; the impact of seasonal and weather-related demand fluctuations on inventory levels in the distribution channel and sales of the Company s products; the
availability and cost of third-party transportation services for the Company s products; the Company s ability to obtain raw materials at acceptable prices; the Company s ability to maintain product quality and product performance at
an acceptable cost; the level of expenses associated with product replacement and consumer relations expenses related to product quality; and the highly competitive markets in which the Company operates.  
  OVERVIEW      General.  Trex Company, Inc. is the
world s largest manufacturer of high-performance composite decking and railing products, which are marketed under the brand name Trex    and manufactured in the United States. We offer a
comprehensive set of aesthetically durable, low maintenance product offerings in the decking, railing, porch, fencing, trim, steel deck framing, and outdoor lighting categories. We believe that the range and variety of our product offerings allow
consumers to design much of their outdoor living space using Trex brand products. A majority of our products are made in a proprietary process that combines reclaimed wood fibers and scrap polyethylene. Our products are provided in a wide selection
of sizes and lengths and are available with several finishes and numerous colors. Trex products offer a number of significant aesthetic advantages over wood while providing a better alternative for many of wood s major functional disadvantages,
which include warping, splitting and other damage from moisture. Our products require no staining, are resistant to moisture damage, provide a splinter-free surface and do not require chemical treatment against rot or insect infestation. These
qualities result in low-maintenance products when compared to the on-going maintenance requirements for a wood deck and make Trex products less costly than wood over the life of the deck. Trex products are stain resistant and color fast. Special
characteristics (including resistance to splitting, the ability to bend, and ease and consistency of machining and finishing) facilitate deck, railing, porch, fencing and trim installation, reduce contractor call-backs and afford consumers a wide
range of design options.       We offer the following products:      

Three principal decking products comprised of a blend of 95 percent recycled wood and recycled plastic film and feature a protective shell for enhanced protection against fading, staining, mold and scratching:

Trex Transcend   ,        

Trex Enhance   , and        

Trex Select   ;        

Three principal railing products:        

Trex Transcend Railing is available in the colors and finishes of Trex Transcend decking that make it appropriate for use with Trex decking products, as well as other decking materials,    

Trex Reveal    aluminum railing is available in three colors designed for consumers who want a sleek, contemporary look, and    

Trex Select Railing is offered in a white finish and is ideal for consumers who desire a simple clean finished look on their deck;    
      11  

Table of Contents  

A porch product, Trex Transcend Porch Flooring and Railing System, which is an integrated system of porch components and accessories;    

A fencing product, Trex Seclusions   , consisting of structural posts, bottom rail, pickets, top rail and decorative post caps;    

A low-maintenance cellular PVC residential exterior outdoor trim product, TrexTrim , that offers exceptional workability, durability and visual appeal;    

Our triple-coated steel deck framing system, Trex Elevations   , leverages the strength and dimensional stability of steel to create a flat surface for our decking
and provides consistency and reliability that wood does not and is fire resistant; and        

Two outdoor lighting systems, Trex Deck Lighting  and Trex Landscape Lighting  that are energy-efficient LED dimmable lighting designed for use on posts, floors, steps, and landscaping.    
 In addition, we offer Trex Hideaway   , which is a hidden fastening system for specially grooved
boards.     Highlights for the three months ended September 30, 2016:       

An increase to the warranty reserve of $9.8 million related to surface flaking during the three months ended September 30, 2016.    
  Net Sales.  Net sales consist of sales and freight, net of returns and discounts. The level of net sales is principally affected by sales volume and the
prices paid for Trex products. Our branding and product differentiation strategy enables us to command premium prices over wood products. Our operating results have historically varied from quarter to quarter, often due to seasonal trends in the
demand for outdoor living products. We have historically experienced lower net sales during the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. Also, seasonal, erratic or prolonged adverse weather conditions in certain geographic regions reduce the level
of home improvement and construction activity and can shift net sales to a later period.    As part of our normal business practice and consistent with
industry practices, we have historically provided our distributors and dealers incentives to build inventory levels before the start of the prime deck-building season to ensure adequate availability of our product to meet anticipated seasonal
consumer demand and to enable production planning. These incentives include payment discounts and favorable payment terms. In addition, we offer price discounts or volume rebates on specified products and other incentives based on increases in
purchases as part of specific promotional programs. The timing of sales incentive programs can significantly impact sales, receivables and inventory levels during the offering period. However, the timing and terms of the majority of our programs are
generally consistent from year to year.     Gross Profit.  Gross profit represents the difference between net sales and cost of sales. Cost of sales
consists of raw materials costs, direct labor costs, manufacturing costs and freight. Raw materials costs generally include the costs to purchase and transport reclaimed wood fiber, reclaimed polyethylene and pigmentation for coloring our products.
Direct labor costs include wages and benefits of personnel engaged in the manufacturing process. Manufacturing costs consist of costs of depreciation, utilities, maintenance supplies and repairs, indirect labor, including wages and benefits, and
warehouse and equipment rental activities.        Product Warranty.  We warrant that our products will be free from material defects in
workmanship and materials for warranty periods ranging from 10 years to 25 years, depending on the product and its use. If there is a breach of such warranties, we have an obligation either to replace the defective product or refund the purchase
price. We continue to receive and settle claims for products manufactured at our Nevada facility prior to 2007 that exhibit surface flaking and maintain a warranty reserve to provide for the settlement of these claims. The number of claims received
has declined each year since peaking in 2009, although the rate of decline has decelerated in recent years. Additionally, events, such as the 2009 settlement of a class action lawsuit covering the surface defect and 2013 communications made by the
Company informing homeowners of potential hazards associated with products exhibiting surface flaking that are not timely replaced, have obscured any observable trends in historical claims activity.  
 We monitor surface flaking claims activity each quarter for indications that our estimates require revision. Typically, a majority of surface flaking claims
received in a fiscal year are received during the summer outdoor season, which spans the second and third fiscal quarters. It has been our practice to utilize actuarial techniques during the third quarter, after a
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

significant portion of all claims has been received for the fiscal year and variances to annual claims expectations are more meaningful. Our actuarial analysis is based on currently known facts
and a number of assumptions. Projecting future events such as the number of claims to be received, the number of claims that will require payment and the average cost of claims could cause the actual warranty liabilities to be higher or lower than
those projected, which could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The number of claims received in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was lower than the claims received in the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, continuing the historical year-over-year decline in incoming claims, but was higher than our expectations. Also, the average settlement cost per claim experienced in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was higher
than the average settlement cost per claim experienced during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and higher than expectations for 2016. As a result and after actuarial review, we revised our estimate and recorded an increase to the
warranty reserve of $9.8 million during the third quarter of 2016. We believe that our reserve at September 30, 2016 is sufficient to cover future surface flaking obligations and note that our annual cash outflows for surface flaking claims
declined by $1.7 million, or 19%, in 2015 compared to 2014, and by $1.1 million, or 21%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  
 The following table details surface flaking claims activity related to our warranty:  

(1) 
 Claims received include new claims received or identified during the period.    

(2) 
 Claims resolved include all claims settled with or without payment and closed during the period.    

(3) 
 Average cost per claim represents the average settlement cost of claims closed with payment during the period.    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  The largest component of selling, general and administrative expenses is personnel related costs, which
include salaries, commissions, incentive compensation, and benefits of personnel engaged in sales and marketing, accounting, information technology, corporate operations, research and development, and other business functions. Another component of
selling, general and administrative expenses is branding and other sales and marketing costs, which are used to build brand awareness. These costs consist primarily of advertising, merchandising, and other promotional costs. Other general and
administrative expenses include professional fees, office occupancy costs attributable to the business functions previously referenced, and consumer relations expenses. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses may
vary from quarter to quarter due, in part, to the seasonality of our business.        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 Below is our discussion and analysis of our operating results and material changes in our operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016
(2016 quarter) compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 (2015 quarter) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (2016 nine-month period) compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (2015 nine-month
period).      Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared To The Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Net Sales       
   The 12.9% increase in net sales in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter was due primarily to the increase in volume
growth of our core Trex branded decking and railing products, which was positively impacted by continued strength in the remodeling sector and execution of our market growth strategies.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Gross Profit       
   Gross profit as a percentage of net sales, gross margin, increased to 28.2% in the 2016 quarter from 23.6% in the 2015
quarter, an improvement of 460 basis points, and was achieved primarily through lower raw materials costs, manufacturing cost improvement initiatives and improved capacity utilization. The benefit in the 2016 quarter was partially offset by a $9.8
million adjustment to the warranty reserve related to surface flaking compared to a $7.0 million adjustment to the warranty reserve, the majority of which related to surface flaking, in the 2015 quarter.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses       
   The increase in total selling, general and administrative expenses in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter resulted
primarily from an increase of $2.4 million related to incentive compensation due to improved performance against targets, $0.8 million related to research and development, and $0.7 million related to branding and advertising spend in support of our
market growth strategies. As a percentage of net sales, total selling, general and administrative expenses increased 160 basis points in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter.  
  Interest Expense       
   The decrease in interest expense was due to a $36.5 million decrease in the average outstanding borrowings during the 2016
quarter compared to the 2015 quarter, partially offset by a slight increase in the effective interest rate. The decrease in borrowings was due to earlier collection of accounts receivables in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter.  
  Provision for Income Taxes       
   The effective tax rate for the 2016 quarter decreased by 630 basis points compared to the effective tax rate for the 2015
quarter. The decrease was due to nondeductible tax items recognized in the prior year and the availability of Federal research and development tax credits in the current year.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared To The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015
      Net Sales       
   The increase in net sales in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter was due primarily to the increase in volume growth
of our core Trex branded decking and railing products, which was positively impacted by continued strength in the remodeling sector and execution of our market growth strategies.  
  Gross Profit       
   Gross profit as a percentage of net sales, gross margin, increased 380 basis points in the 2016 nine-month period compared to
the 2015 nine-month period, and was achieved primarily through lower raw materials costs, manufacturing cost improvement initiatives and improved capacity utilization. The benefit was partially offset by a $9.8 million adjustment to the warranty
reserve related to surface flaking in the 2016 nine-month period compared to a $7.8 million adjustment, primarily related to surface flaking, to the warranty reserve in the 2015 nine-month period.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses       
   As a percentage of net sales, the change in selling, general and administrative expenses was flat during the 2016 nine-month
period compared to the 2015 nine-month period. The $6.0 million increase was primarily attributable to a $3.1 million increase in personnel-related expenses primarily related to incentive compensation, a $1.5 million increase in branding and
advertising spend to support our market growth strategies, and a $1.4 million increase in research and development expense.     Interest
Expense, net       
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The increase in interest expense in the 2016 nine-month period compared to the 2015 nine-month period was due to
an $18.7 million increase in average outstanding borrowings and a slight increase in the effective interest rate. The increase in borrowings was due to $53.3 million in stock repurchase activity related to our expanded share repurchase program and
to support our seasonal working capital needs. As a percentage of net sales, interest expense increased 20 basis points in the 2016 nine-month period compared to the 2015 nine-month period.  
  Provision for Income Taxes       
   The effective tax rate decreased 170 basis points during the 2016 nine-month period compared to the effective tax rate during
the 2015 nine-month period due to nondeductible tax items recognized in the prior year and the availability of Federal research and development tax credits in the current year.  
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES     We finance operations
and growth primarily with cash flow from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, operating leases and normal trade credit terms from operating activities.  
 At September 30, 2016, we had $22.9 million of cash and cash equivalents.  
 S ources and Uses of Cash.  The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands):  
   
    Operating Activities     Net
cash provided by operating activities was $81.9 million in the 2016 nine-month period compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $12.2 million in the 2015 nine-month period. The net increase in cash provided by operating activities in
the 2016 nine-month period compared to the 2015 nine-month period was primarily attributable to earlier collection of accounts receivable in 2016 compared to 2015, a 9.3% increase in net sales during the 2016 period, and the timing of income tax
payments.     Investing Activities     Capital expenditures
in the 2016 nine-month period were $8.5 million, consisting primarily of $3.3 million for the purchase of equipment, land adjacent to our Winchester, Virginia manufacturing facility, and Trex University (our state-of-the-art training facility), $2.6
million for general plant cost reduction initiatives, and $2.3 million for process and productivity improvement. In January 2016, the Company sold a portion of the Olive Branch facility that contained the buildings for $4.2 million and, as of
September 30, 2016, continues to own and intends to sell approximately 62 acres of undeveloped land adjacent to the sold properties. Capital expenditures in the 2015 nine-month period totaled $18.3 million for equipment purchases related to our
specialty materials operation, the purchase of land adjacent to our Winchester, Virginia facility to support potential future expansion, and support cost reduction initiatives.  
  Financing Activities     In January 2016, we increased our
borrowing capacity in order to repurchase shares of our common stock and to support our seasonal working capital needs. Net cash used in financing activities was $60.8 million in the 2016 nine-month period compared to net cash used in financing
activities of $0.9 million in the 2015 nine-month period. The increase was primarily due to payments made on  
      16  

Table of Contents  

outstanding debt balances earlier and at a higher level in 2016 compared to 2015 due to earlier collection of accounts receivable balances in 2016 compared to 2015.  
  Stock Repurchase Programs.  On October 23, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program of up to 2.0 million
shares of the Company s outstanding common stock (October 2014 Stock Repurchase Program). This authorization had no expiration date. In 2015, the Company repurchased 1,134,300 shares for $45.2 million under the October 2014 Stock Repurchase
Program. On October 22, 2015, the Board of Directors terminated the October 2014 Stock Repurchase Program.      On October 22, 2015, the
Board of Directors adopted a new stock repurchase program of up to 3.15 million shares of the Company s outstanding common stock (October 2015 Stock Repurchase Program). This authorization has a termination date of December 31, 2016.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company has repurchased 1,578,952 shares for $53.3 million under the October 2015 Stock Repurchase Program.  
  Indebtedness.  Our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, provides us with revolving loan capacity in a collective maximum principal
amount of $250 million from January 1 through June 30 of each year, and a maximum principal amount of $200 million from July 1 through December 31 of each year throughout the term, which ends January 12, 2021. At
September 30, 2016, we had no indebtedness under the revolving credit facility and borrowing capacity under the facility of $200 million.     Debt
Covenants.  To remain in compliance with covenants contained within our debt agreements, we must maintain specified financial ratios based on levels of debt, fixed charges, and earnings (excluding extraordinary gains and extraordinary non-cash
losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants. Failure to comply with our loan covenants might cause our lenders to accelerate our repayment obligations under
our credit facility, which may be declared payable immediately based on a default.    We believe that cash on hand, cash from operations and borrowings
expected to be available under our revolving credit facility will provide sufficient funds to fund planned capital expenditures, make scheduled principal and interest payments, fund warranty payments, and meet other cash requirements. We currently
expect to fund future capital expenditures from operations and financing activities. The actual amount and timing of future capital requirements may differ materially from our estimate depending on the demand for Trex products and new market
developments and opportunities.     Capital Requirements.  Capital expenditures in the 2016 nine-month period totaled $8.5 million. We currently
estimate that our capital expenditures in 2016 will be in the $15 to $18 million range primarily to support research and development, specialty materials operations and continued cost reduction initiatives.    
  Inventory in Distribution Channels.  We sell our products through a tiered distribution system. We have over 50 distributors worldwide and two national
retail merchandisers to which we sell our products. The distributors in turn sell the products to dealers and retail locations who in turn sell the products to end users. While we do not typically receive any information regarding inventory in the
distribution channel from any dealers, we occasionally receive limited information from some but not all of our distributors regarding their inventory. Because few distributors provide us with any information regarding their inventory, we cannot
definitively determine the level of inventory in the distribution channels at any time. We are not aware of significant changes in the levels of inventory in the distribution channels at September 30, 2016 compared to inventory levels at
September 30, 2015. Significant increases in inventory levels in the distribution channel without a corresponding change in end-use demand could have an adverse effect on future sales.     
  Product Warranty.  We continue to receive and settle claims related to products manufactured at our Nevada facility prior to 2007 that exhibit surface
flaking, which has had a material adverse effect on cash flow from operations, and regularly monitor the adequacy of the warranty reserve. In 2015, we paid $7.2 million to settle surface flaking claims, down 19% from the $8.9 million paid in 2014,
and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we paid $4.2 million, down 21% from the $5.3 million paid during the same period in 2015. We estimate that the number of claims received will continue to decline over time and that the average
settlement cost per claim will increase slightly, primarily due to inflation. If the level of claims received or average settlement cost per claim differs materially from our expectations, it could result in additional increases or decreases to the
warranty reserve and a decrease or increase in earnings and cash flow in future periods.       Seasonality . The Company s operating results
have historically varied from quarter to quarter, often attributable to seasonal trends in the demand for Trex products. The Company has historically experienced lower net sales during the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. Also, seasonal,
erratic or prolonged adverse weather conditions in certain geographic regions reduce the level of home improvement and construction activity and can shift net sales to a later period.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       For information regarding our exposure to
certain market risks, see  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,  in Part II, Item 7A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There were no material changes to
the Company s market risk exposure during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       The Company s management, with the participation of its President and
Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company s principal executive officer, and its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who is the Company s principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures are effective. In addition, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.       PART II   
  OTHER INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       The Company has lawsuits, as well as other claims, pending against it which are
ordinary routine litigation and claims incidental to the business. Management has evaluated the merits of these lawsuits and claims, and believes that their ultimate resolution will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or competitive position.      

Item 6.  
  Exhibits       The number and description of the following exhibits coincide with Item 601 of Regulation
S-K:      

3.1 
    
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trex Company, Inc. (Company). Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-63287) and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trex Company, Inc. dated April 30, 2014. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.3 
    
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference.  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Trex Company, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Filed herewith.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Trex Company, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Filed herewith.  

32 
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). Furnished herewith.  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. Filed.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed.  
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

TREX COMPANY, INC.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Bryan H. Fairbanks   

Bryan H. Fairbanks  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit Number   
    
    Exhibit Description    

3.1 
    
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trex Company, Inc. (Company). Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-63287) and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trex Company, Inc. dated April 30, 2014. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.3 
    
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference.  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Trex Company, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Filed herewith.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Trex Company, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Filed herewith.  

32 
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). Furnished herewith.  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. Filed.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d244965dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, James
E. Cline, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trex Company, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function(s)):      (a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ James E. Cline   
 
 James E. Cline  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d244965dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Bryan
H. Fairbanks, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trex Company, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function(s)):      (a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Bryan H. Fairbanks   
 
 Bryan H. Fairbanks  
 
   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d244965dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 906   
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)   
 The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Trex Company, Inc. (the  Company ),
each hereby certifies that, on the date hereof:      

(a) 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 filed on the date hereof with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(b) 
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ James E. Cline   

James E. Cline  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Bryan H. Fairbanks   

Bryan H. Fairbanks  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 trex-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trex-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trex-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trex-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trex-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trex-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

