<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1641197_0001144204-16-134431_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1765440</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89447</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>143559</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>296545</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>751819</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>454749</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134431.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114175057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134431
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Easterly Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001641197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIPMENT, EXCEPT ELECTRIC & WARM AIR FURNACES [3433]
		IRS NUMBER:				473864814
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37522
		FILM NUMBER:		161996746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-712-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10152

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134431.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v451283_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x     QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from __________
to __________ 

Commission File Number:
001-37522 

EASTERLY ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (646) 712-8300 

Not Applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer    x   
       
      Smaller reporting company       
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  x    No     

As of November 11, 2016, there were 25,000,000
shares of Company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

EASTERLY ACQUISITION CORP.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      F-1   
 
       ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      F-1 - F-12   
 
       ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      1   
 
       ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      4   
 
       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      5   

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   
      6   
 
       ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      6   
 
       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
      6   
 
       ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      6   
 
       ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      6   
 
       ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      6   
 
       ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   
      7   
 
       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
      7   

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Easterly Acquisition Corp.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The Accompanying
Notes are an Integral Part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 1  

Easterly Acquisition Corp.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The Accompanying
Notes are an Integral Part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 2  

Easterly Acquisition Corp.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The Accompanying Notes are an Integral
Part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3  

Easterly Acquisition Corp. 
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

1.      Organization and Business
Operations   

Incorporation   

Easterly Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated
in Delaware on April 29, 2015. 

Sponsor   

The Company s sponsor is Easterly Acquisition Sponsor,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Sponsor ). 

Business Purpose   

The Company was formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses that it had not yet identified ( Business Combination ). 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
neither commenced operations nor generated any revenues to date. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s
formation, initial public offering and consummating a Business Combination. 

The Company s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its initial public offering of Units (as defined in
Note 3 below) (the  Public Offering ), although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the
private placement of warrants (as described in Note 4 below, the  Private Placement  and such warrants issued in connection
with the Private Placement, the  Private Placement Warrants ) are intended to be generally applied toward completing
a Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

As more fully described in Note 6 below,
on June 28, 2016 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended by Amendment No. 1 ( Amendment No.
1 ), dated as of September 21, 2016, and Amendment No. 2 ( Amendment No. 2 ), dated as of November 3, 2016 (the
 Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Solaris Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger
Sub ), Sungevity, Inc. ( Sungevity ), and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, to effect a business combination
with Sungevity, a technology company whose platform enables the sale and installation of solar energy systems to residential and
commercial customers in the United States and internationally. 

Financing   

The registration statement for the Company s
Public Offering was declared effective on July 29, 2015. On July 29, 2015, the Company filed a new registration statement to increase
the size of the Public Offering by 20% pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ).  On August 4, 2015, the Company consummated the Public Offering
and received proceeds of $195,000,000 (net of the underwriter s discount of $5,000,000) and simultaneously received
$6,750,000 from the issuance of 6,750,000 Private Placement Warrants.  

Trust Account   

$200,000,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering and Private
Placement, which were deposited into a segregated Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer  
Trust Company acting as trustee (the  Trust Account ), may be invested only in permitted United States  government
securities  within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment
Company Act ), having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds that invest solely in United States Treasuries
that are compliant with Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation
on July 28, 2015 to provide that, except for the withdrawal of interest to pay franchise and income taxes, if any, that none of
the funds held in trust (including the interest on such funds) will be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of (i)
the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Public Shares (as defined in Note 3) if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and (iii) the redemption of shares in connection with a vote seeking to amend Section 9.2(d) of the amended
and restated certificate of incorporation in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the
closing of the Public Offering. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company withdrew $190,967 of interest earned
to pay for franchise taxes in accordance with the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

F- 4  

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, three
managing principals of Easterly LLC, an affiliate of the Company and the Sponsor (the  Managing Principals ), agreed
pursuant to a written agreement executed on July 29, 2015, jointly and severally, that they will be liable to the Company if and
to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with
which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
(i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Managing Principals will not be responsible to
the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

Business Combination   

The Company, prior to the consummation of a Business Combination,
will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which
stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash
equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the
consummation of an initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds and not previously released to the Company
to pay franchise and income taxes, or (ii) provide public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to the Company
by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
previously released to the Company to pay franchise and income taxes, less franchise and income taxes payable from such interest.
The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval, it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted
are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares (as defined in Note
3) in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed
with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business
Combination. 

Shares of common stock subject to redemption or tender are recorded
at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  At September 30,
2016, the amount in the Trust Account is approximately $10.00 per share of common stock sold in the Public Offering ($200,078,598
held in the Trust Account divided by 20,000,000 of Public Shares). 

The Company has 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within this period of time,
it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest
shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders  rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders
and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Company s Units, common stock and warrants are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq ). The Nasdaq rules will require that the initial Business Combination must be
with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account
(less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive
agreement in connection with its initial Business Combination. The Company intends to fulfill the requirements of this Nasdaq rule
even if the securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the relevant time. 

F- 5  

Emerging Growth Company   

The Company is an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the  JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in the Company s periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Reimbursement of Expenses Related to Proposed Sungevity
Business Combination   

Pursuant to a letter of intent ( LOI ),
dated April 20, 2016, between Sungevity and the Company, Sungevity agreed to pay or reimburse the Company for all reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred between the date of the LOI and the date that definitive documents with respect
to the proposed merger are executed, including fees and expenses of third party advisors, due diligence-related expenses and such
other necessary and related costs and expenses incurred in furtherance of the proposed business combination. For the period ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $984,045 in qualified reimbursable costs, of which $275,951 was reimbursed by Sungevity
prior to September 30, 2016. The remaining balance of $708,094 in qualified reimbursable costs are presented within Other receivables
balance in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Going Concern Considerations   

The Company presently has no revenue, has
had losses since inception and has no operations other than the active identification of a target business with which to complete
its Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of $53,255 held outside the Trust Account and $200,078,598
cash and cash equivalents held in trust, including interest. 

The Company will have available the proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to fund its working capital needs and to continue to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform
business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target
businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. The Company will also have available any interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

At September 30, 2016 the Company has a working capital deficit
of $718,342 (total current assets minus total current liabilities) and it expects to continue incurring expenses related to professional
services including, but not limited to, engaging legal counsel, consultants, advisors and accountants, as well as other operating
expenses such as insurance and fees under the Administrative Services Agreement. 

If the proceeds held outside the Trust Account are insufficient
for the Company s working capital needs and operations in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination,
the Company may need to raise additional capital through additional loans from the Sponsor under the March 17, 2016 convertible
promissory note issued to the Sponsor or additional investments from its Sponsor, an affiliate of its Sponsor or certain of the
Company s officers and directors. None of the Company s Sponsor, affiliate of the Sponsor, officers or directors are
under any obligation to loan the Company funds. The uncertainty regarding the lack of resources to pay the above noted expenses
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the
carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be unable to continue operations. 

F- 6  

2.      Significant Accounting
Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the
SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have
been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive
presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary
for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. 

The interim results for the period ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or
any other period. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
Company s financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s annual report filed with the SEC on March
30, 2016. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merger Sub. All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Net Loss per Share of Common Stock   

The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Shares of common stock subject to possible redemption at September
30, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate
in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. 

At September 30, 2015 the weighted average
shares were retroactively restated to reflect a stock dividend of 0.2 shares for each outstanding share of common stock on July
29, 2015 (Note 4) and reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 675,000 shares held by the initial stockholder that were subject
to forfeiture. As a result of the underwriters  election to exercise part of their over-allotment option on July 29, 2015,
500,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and are therefore included in the calculation of basic loss per share
at September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company
had outstanding warrants to purchase 16,750,000 shares of common stock. The weighted average of these shares was excluded from
the calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company follows the guidance in FASB ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period. 

The fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities
reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets
or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable
inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about
how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and
liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1:  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2:  
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   

The following table presents information about the Trust Account assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016, and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

F- 7  

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which exceeds the Federal depository insurance
coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the
Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Cash and cash equivalents   

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original
maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. At September 30, 2016, the assets held in the Trust Account
were held in cash and in a money market fund that invests solely in United States Treasuries compliant with Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Income Taxes   

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ), which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts
and are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of
September 30, 2016, a full valuation allowance has been established against the deferred tax asset. 

ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
There were no uncertain tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September
30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or
material deviation from its position. 

The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S.
federal, U.S. states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include
questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal,
U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits
will materially change over the next twelve months. The income tax provision was deemed to be immaterial as of September 30, 2016. 

Franchise Taxes   

The Company is incorporated in the State of Delaware and is
required to pay franchise taxes to the State of Delaware. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not
yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

F- 8  

3.      Public Offering   

Public Units   

Pursuant to the Public Offering on August 4, 2015, the Company
sold 20,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ), including 2,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000. The common stock and warrants comprising
the Units began separate trading on September 22, 2015. The holders have the option to continue to hold Units or separate their
Units into the component securities. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s common stock ( Public Shares ),
$0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant ( Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable on the
later of 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering,
and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
If the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business
Combination, the Public Warrants will expire worthless at the end of such period. Upon closing of the Public Offering, there were
16,750,000 warrants outstanding, which include 6,750,000 warrants purchased by the initial stockholders and 10,000,000 warrants
purchased in connection with the sale of Units related to the Public Offering. 

The Public Warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant
agreement between Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. The Company did not register
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities law.
The Company will use its best efforts to file a new registration statement for the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Public Warrants under the Securities Act, following the completion of its initial Business Combination. If the shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act by the 60th business day following the closing
of the initial Business Combination, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless
basis during the period beginning on the 61st business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination and ending upon
such registration being declared effective by the SEC. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of
the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an
exemption is available. If such issuance is not so registered or qualified and no exemption is available under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, such holder would not be able to exercise its warrants and the Company could still redeem
such holder's warrants. Notwithstanding the above, if the common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a  covered security  under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so
on a  cashless basis  in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects,
it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under applicable
state securities laws. 

Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may
redeem the outstanding Public Warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants discussed in
Note 4) (i) in whole and not in part, (ii) at a price of $0.01 per warrant; (iii) upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written
notice of redemption; and (iv) if, and only if, the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for
any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company send
the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants unless an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants
is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period,
except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under
the Securities Act. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right
even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities law. 

F- 9  

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management
will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a  cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of shares of common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the  fair market value  (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The  fair market value  shall mean the average reported last sale price of the
common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of Public Warrants. 

In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
any Public Warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the Public Warrants in the event that the Company
is unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Public Warrants under applicable state securities laws. 

4.      Related Party Transactions   

Founder Shares   

On May 4, 2015, the Sponsor purchased 4,312,500 shares of the
Company s common stock (the  Founder Shares ) for $25,000, or approximately $.006 per share. On July 29, 2015,
the Company s Board of Directors effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting
in 5,175,000 Founder Shares outstanding. On July 29, 2015, the underwriters exercised part of their over-allotment option resulting
in 20,000,000 Units issued as a result of the Public Offering. As a result of the expiration of the underwriters  option
to exercise the remaining portion of the over-allotment, the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 175,000 Founder Shares. The Sponsor,
the Company s independent directors and their permitted transferees, which are referred to as the initial stockholders, own
20% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares .  

The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included
in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that (1) the Founder Shares are subject to certain restrictions, as described in
more detail below, and (2) the initial stockholders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within
24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination within the prescribed time
frame). If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to the public stockholders for a vote, the initial stockholders
have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of the initial
Business Combination. 

The initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of their Founder Shares until one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier
if subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (i) the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (ii) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 10  

Private Placement Warrants   

The Sponsor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 6,750,000
Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at $11.50 per share, at
a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant ($6,750,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
with the closing of the Public Offering. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds
from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within 24
months from the closing of the Public Offering, to the degree that any proceeds remain, the proceeds of the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold
as part of the Units in the Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
(i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants)
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants
and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, discussed below, will have registration rights to require
the Company to register a sale of any of the securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement executed on July
29, 2015. The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have  piggy-back 
registration rights to include such securities in other registration statements filed by the Company and rights to require the
Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights
agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective
until termination of the applicable lock-up period. 

Administrative Service Agreement   

The Company entered into an agreement
to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor, Easterly Capital, LLC, a total of $10,000 per month starting on July 29, 2015 and
continuing until the earlier of the Company s initial Business Combination or liquidation for office space, utilities,
secretarial support and administrative services. This arrangement was agreed to for the Company s benefit and is not
intended to provide the Sponsor compensation in lieu of salary or other remuneration. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $30,000 and $90,000, respectively, under the Administrative Service Agreement of
which $40,000 remains as a payable as of September 30, 2016 and is reflected in Due to affiliate in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Related Party Advances   

During the period ending December 31, 2015, an affiliate of
the Sponsor advanced an aggregate of $46,037 directly to the Company s service providers for offering costs. This was non-interest
bearing, unsecured and was repaid prior to December 31, 2015. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, an affiliate
of the Sponsor advanced an aggregate of $39,319 and $136,653, respectively, directly to the Company s vendors related to
operating expenses incurred by the Company of which $107,920 remains as a payable as of September 30, 2016. These advances are
non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. 

Sponsor Loans   

On March 17, 2016, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to the Sponsor that provides for the Sponsor to loan the Company up to $1,000,000 for ongoing expenses. On March 17, 2016,
the Company borrowed $15,000 pursuant to the convertible promissory note. The Sponsor is not obligated to loan the Company additional
amounts pursuant to the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note is interest bearing at 5% per annum and is
due and payable on August 4, 2017. At the option of the Sponsor, any amounts outstanding under the convertible promissory note
may be converted into warrants to purchase shares of common stock at any time on or prior to the maturity date at a conversion
price of $1.00 per warrant. Each warrant will entitle the Sponsor to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of
$11.50 per share. Each warrant will contain other terms identical to the terms contained in the Private Placement Warrants. As
of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal balance of this convertible promissory note is $15,000 and accrued and unpaid interest of $410 is reflected in Convertible note   due to Sponsor
in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business
Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released. Otherwise, such loans
would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans, inclusive of any loans under
the March 17, 2016 convertible promissory note, may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price
of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the
Sponsor. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain
of the officers and directors as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. 

F- 11  

5.      Commitments   

The underwriters are entitled to underwriting commissions of
6.0%, of which 2.5% ($5,000,000) was paid at the closing of the Public Offering, and 3.5% ($7,000,000) is deferred. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued
on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. 

6.      Proposed Sungevity Business
Combination   

On June 28, 2016, the Company entered into
the Merger Agreement, which provides for the merger (the  Merger ) of Merger Sub with and into Sungevity, with Sungevity
surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Concurrently with the signing of the Merger Agreement, the Company
entered into a voting agreement, by and between the Company and certain stockholders of Sungevity, pursuant to which each such
stockholder of Sungevity has agreed to vote its voting shares of Sungevity capital stock for the adoption of the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

On September 20, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No.
1 to the Merger Agreement, which amended the Merger Agreement to, among other things, remove the condition to closing that the
Company have available at least $75.0 million of available cash, including in the Company s trust account after giving effect
to redemptions of shares of the Company s common stock at the closing of the Merger or otherwise; permit Sungevity to incur
an additional $20,000,000 of indebtedness; permit the repayment by Sungevity of certain of its indebtedness at the closing of the
Merger; permit Sungevity to amend its certificate of incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock;
correct certain language in the Merger Agreement relating to the exchange of certificated and book-entry Sungevity shares in the
Merger; update certain representations relating to required Company stockholder approvals; and conform certain exhibits to the
Merger Agreement to the forms included in the preliminary joint proxy and consent solicitation statement/prospectus filed by the
Company with its registration statement on Form S-4 filed on July 20, 2016. 

On November 3, 2016, the Company entered
into Amendment No. 2, which amended the Merger Agreement to (i) decrease the amount of shares of Company common stock issuable
to the stockholders of Sungevity at the closing of the merger of Merger Sub pursuant to the Merger Agreement from 35,000,000 to
25,001,000 shares; (ii) decrease proportionally the number of shares of Company common stock that will be placed at the closing
of the Merger into an escrow account from 3,250,000 to 2,375,095 shares; (iii) decrease proportionally the fixed component of the
Termination Fee (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from $12,000,000 to $8,570,000; (iv) extend the date by which the Merger Agreement
could be terminated by the Company or Sungevity if the Merger has not been completed by such date from November 12, 2016 to December
30, 2016; (v) permit Sungevity to incur up to (A) $10,000,000 of additional indebtedness pursuant to a secured revolving credit
facility, (B) $5,000,000 of additional indebtedness pursuant to a subordinated secured or unsecured term loan, and (C) $10,000,000
of additional indebtedness pursuant to convertible promissory notes that convert into Sungevity Series D preferred stock; (vi)
permit the issuance of additional warrants to acquire Sungevity Series D preferred stock in connection with the incurrence of the
additional indebtedness described in the foregoing clause (v); and (vii) provide for an additional new independent director to
be appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company upon the consummation of the Merger.   

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon
the effectiveness of the Merger (the  Effective Time ), all shares of Sungevity stock then outstanding (the  Sungevity
Stock ) will be converted into common stock of the Company. Additionally, each outstanding option to acquire shares of the
Sungevity stock issued under any of Sungevity s equity compensation plans ( Sungevity Options ) will be cancelled
and extinguished. Holders of vested Sungevity Options and Sungevity common stock shall be entitled to receive a portion of up to
1,250,050 shares of Company common stock. Further, (A) all outstanding warrants issued by Sungevity ( Sungevity Warrants )
will automatically be converted into their underlying shares of Sungevity stock on a  net exercise  basis, and (B)
all outstanding subordinated convertible notes issued by Sungevity ( Sungevity Convertible Notes ) will automatically
be converted (including any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts payable thereunder) into their underlying
shares of Sungevity stock at the conversion price set forth in the applicable note purchase agreement, in either case, immediately
prior to the Effective Time, with the resulting shares of Sungevity stock being converted into Company common stock. 

As a result of the Merger, holders of Sungevity
Stock, Sungevity Warrants, Sungevity Options and Sungevity Convertible Notes will receive in the aggregate 25,001,000 shares of
Company common stock. Additionally, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately following the Effective Time, a total of 700,000
shares of Company common stock are to be issued without consideration to certain Sungevity employees, subject to each such employee
executing a lock-up agreement pursuant to which such employee shall agree not to transfer such Company common stock for one year
after the Effective Time. 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares
of common stock with a par value $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock. At September 30, 2016, there were 6,272,876 shares of common stock issued and outstanding (excluding 18,727,124
shares of common stock subject to possible redemption). 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock with a par value $0.0001 per share. At September 30, 2016 there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

8.      Subsequent Events   

Management of the Company evaluated events that have occurred
after the balance sheet date of September 30, 2016 but before the condensed consolidated financial statements were available to
be issued. Except as disclosed in the notes above, management did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent event
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 12  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

References to the  Company, 
 our,   us  or  we  refer to Easterly Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

All statements other than statements of
historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form
10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the
Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as
a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). All subsequent
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in
their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview  

We are a blank check company incorporated
on April 29, 2015 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of warrants in a private placement that
occurred simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the
consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. 

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination
will be successful. 

As more fully described below in the section
entitled  Proposed Sungevity Business Combination,  on June 28, 2016 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
as amended by Amendment No. 1 ( Amendment No. 1 ), dated as of September 21, 2016, and Amendment No. 2 ( Amendment
No. 2 ), dated as of November 3, 2016 (the  Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company Solaris Merger Sub Inc.,
our wholly-owned subsidiary ( Merger Sub ), Sungevity, Inc. ( Sungevity ), and Shareholder Representative
Services LLC, to effect a business combination with Sungevity, a technology company whose platform enables the sale and installation
of solar energy systems to residential and commercial customers in the United States and internationally (the  Proposed Sungevity
Business Combination ). Sungevity serves customers in 14 U.S. states and the District of Columbia, as well as in the Netherlands,
Belgium, Germany and the United Kingdom. 

Results of Operations  

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had a net loss of $563,115 and $818,725, respectively, which consist of general and administrative expenses and operating
costs offset by interest income generated from the trust account. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest
income generated from the trust account is $102,959 and $259,647, respectively, and general and administrative and operating expenses
are $620,828 and $940,933, respectively. The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware and is required to pay franchise
taxes to the State of Delaware. Franchise tax for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were accrued in the amount
of $45,246 and $137,439, respectively. This compares with a net loss of $336,488 for the three months ended September 30, 2015
and $339,398 from April 29, 2015 (Inception) through September 30, 2015 which consist of general and administrative expenses and
operating costs. Franchise tax for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were accrued in the amount of $76,438. 

Pursuant to a letter of intent ( LOI ),
dated April 20, 2016, between Sungevity and us, Sungevity agreed to pay or reimburse us for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred between the date of the LOI and the date that definitive documents with respect to the proposed merger
are executed, including fees and expenses of third party advisors, due diligence-related expenses and such other necessary and
related costs and expenses incurred in furtherance of the proposed business combination. For the period ended September 30, 2016,
we recorded $984,045 in qualified reimbursable costs, of which $275,951 was reimbursed by Sungevity prior to September 30, 2016.
The remaining balance of $708,094 in qualified reimbursable costs are presented within Other receivables balance in the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

1  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Prior to our initial public offering, on
May 4, 2015, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.006 per share. On July 29, 2015, our board of directors effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares for each outstanding share of
common stock, resulting in 5,175,000 founder shares outstanding. On July 29, 2015, the underwriters exercised part of their over-allotment
option resulting in 20,000,000 units issued as a result of our initial public offering at a price of $10.00 per unit generating
gross proceeds of $200,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. As a result of the expiration of the underwriters 
option to exercise the remaining portion of the over-allotment, our initial stockholders forfeited an aggregate of 175,000 founder
shares. The sponsor, our independent directors and their permitted transferees own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares. The
sponsor purchased from us an aggregate of 6,750,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our common
stock at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
with our initial public offering generating proceeds, before expenses, of $6,750,000. We received net proceeds from the IPO and
the sale of the private placement warrants of approximately $201,750,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting commissions
of $5,000,000. The amount of proceeds not deposited in the trust account were $1,750,000 at closing of the IPO and such proceeds,
together with $25,000 from the sale of common stock to our sponsor, were used to pay $517,145 for costs and expenses related to
the IPO and $2,910 for formation, general and administrative expenses. In addition, interest income on the funds held in the trust
account may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations. For a description of the proceeds generated in our
initial public offering and a discussion of the use of such proceeds, we refer you to Notes 3 and 4 of the financial statements
included in Item 1 of this Report. 

We presently have no revenue, have had
losses since inception and have no operations other than the active identification of a target business with which to complete
an initial business combination. As of September 30, 2016, we have cash of $53,255 held outside the trust account and $200,078,598
cash and cash equivalents held in the trust account, including interest. 

We will have available to us the cash held
outside the trust account to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business
combination. We will also have available to us interest earned on the funds held in our trust account to pay franchise and income
taxes. 

At September 30, 2016 the Company has a
working capital deficit of $718,342 (total current assets minus total current liabilities). We expect to continue incurring expenses
related to professional services including, but not limited to, engaging legal counsel, consultants, advisors and accountants,
as well as other operating expenses such as insurance and fees under the Administrative Services Agreement. 

On March 17, 2016, we issued a convertible
promissory note to our sponsor that provides for our sponsor to loan us up to $1,000,000 for ongoing expenses. On March 17, 2016,
we borrowed $15,000 pursuant to the convertible promissory note. Our sponsor is not obligated to loan us additional amounts pursuant
to the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note is interest bearing at 5% per annum and is due and payable
on August 4, 2017. At the option of our sponsor, any amounts outstanding under the convertible promissory note may be converted
into warrants to purchase shares of common stock at any time on or prior to the maturity date at a conversion price of $1.00 per
warrant. Each warrant will entitle our sponsor to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share.
Each warrant will contain other terms identical to the terms contained in the private placement warrants. 

If the funds available to us outside of
our trust account are insufficient to fund our ongoing expenses, we may need to raise additional capital through additional loans
from our sponsor under the March 17, 2016 convertible promissory note or additional investments from our sponsor, an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors. None of our sponsor, any affiliate of our sponsor, or our officers and
directors are under any obligation to loan us funds. The uncertainty regarding the lack of resources to pay the above noted expenses
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts
of assets or liabilities should we be unable to continue operations. 

If we complete our initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts to the extent it was not converted into warrants. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans, inclusive of any loans under
the March 17, 2016 convertible promissory note, may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price
of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our
sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor, or our officers and directors
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access
to funds in our trust account. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in our trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) to consummate our initial business
combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to consummate our initial
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in our trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

2  

Off-balance Sheet Financing Arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
enter into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual Obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement to pay our Sponsor
a monthly fee of $10,000. This amount covers office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided
to members of the Company s management team by the Sponsor, members of the Sponsor, and the Company s management team
or their affiliates. Upon completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. 

The underwriters are entitled to underwriting
commissions of 6.0%, of which 2.5% ($5,000,000) was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and 3.5% ($7,000,000) is
deferred. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event
that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters are not
entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as critical accounting policies: 

3  

Redeemable common stock  

We account for our common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification
480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument
and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders  equity.
Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of
the stockholders  equity section of our balance sheet. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Proposed Sungevity Business Combination  

The following is a brief summary of the
terms and background of the Merger Agreement. Any description in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Merger Agreement is
qualified in all respects by reference to the complete text of the Merger Agreement, Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2, which
were filed with the SEC on June 29, 2016, September 21, 2016 and November 3, 2016, respectively, each as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current
Reports on Form 8-K. On November 3, 2016, we filed Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC in connection
with the Proposed Sungevity Business Combination (the  Registration Statement ). The Registration Statement contains
important information regarding the Proposed Sungevity Business Combination. The following description of the Merger Agreement
is qualified in all respects by reference to the more detailed description in the Registration Statement and the complete text
of the Merger Agreement. 

On June 28, 2016, we entered into the Merger
Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the effectiveness of the Merger (the  Effective Time ), all shares
of Sungevity stock then outstanding (the  Sungevity Stock ) will be converted into Company common stock. Additionally,
each outstanding option to acquire shares of the Sungevity stock issued under any of Sungevity s equity compensation plans
( Sungevity Options ) will be cancelled and extinguished. Holders of vested Sungevity Options and Sungevity common
stock shall be entitled to receive a portion of up to 1,750,000 shares of Company common stock. Further, (A) all outstanding warrants
issued by Sungevity ( Sungevity Warrants ) will automatically be converted into their underlying shares of Sungevity
stock on a  net exercise  basis, and (B) all outstanding subordinated convertible notes issued by Sungevity ( Sungevity
Convertible Notes ) will automatically be converted (including any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts
payable thereunder) into their underlying shares of Sungevity stock at the conversion price set forth in the applicable note purchase
agreement, in either case, immediately prior to the Effective Time, with the resulting shares of Sungevity stock being converted
into Company common stock. 

On September 20, 2016, we entered into
Amendment No. 1, which amended the Merger Agreement to, among other things, remove the condition to closing that we have available
at least $75.0 million of available cash, including in the trust account after giving effect to redemptions of shares of Company
common stock at the closing of the Merger or otherwise; permit Sungevity to incur an additional $20,000,000 of indebtedness; permit
the repayment by Sungevity of certain of its indebtedness at the closing of the Merger; permit Sungevity to amend its certificate
of incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock; correct certain language in the Merger Agreement
relating to the exchange of certificated and book-entry Sungevity shares in the Merger; update certain representations relating
to our required stockholder approvals; and conform certain exhibits to the Merger Agreement to the forms included in the preliminary
joint proxy and consent solicitation statement/prospectus filed by us with our registration statement on Form S-4 filed on July
20, 2016. 

On November 3, 2016, we entered into Amendment
No. 2, which amended the Merger Agreement to (i) decrease the amount of shares of our common stock issuable to the stockholders
of Sungevity at the closing of the merger of Merger Sub pursuant to the Merger Agreement from 35,000,000 to 25,001,000 shares;
(ii) decrease proportionally the number of shares our common stock that will be placed at the closing of the Merger into an escrow
account from 3,250,000 to 2,375,095 shares; (iii) decrease proportionally the fixed component of the Termination Fee (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) from $12,000,000 to $8,570,000; (iv) extend the date by which the Merger Agreement could be terminated
by us or Sungevity if the Merger has not been completed by such date from November 12, 2016 to December 30, 2016; (v) permit Sungevity
to incur up to (A) $10,000,000 of additional indebtedness pursuant to a secured revolving credit facility, (B) $5,000,000 of additional
indebtedness pursuant to a subordinated secured or unsecured term loan, and (C) $10,000,000 of additional indebtedness pursuant
to convertible promissory notes that convert into Sungevity Series D preferred stock; (vi) permit the issuance of additional warrants
to acquire Sungevity Series D preferred stock in connection with the incurrence of the additional indebtedness described in the
foregoing clause (v); and (vii) provide for an additional new independent director to be appointed to our Board of Directors upon
the consummation of the Merger. 

As a result of the Merger, holders of Sungevity
Stock, Sungevity Warrants, Sungevity Options and Sungevity Convertible Notes will receive in the aggregate 25,001,000 shares of
our common stock. Additionally, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately following the Effective Time, a total of 700,000
shares of our common stock are to be issued without consideration to certain Sungevity employees, subject to each such employee
executing a lock-up agreement pursuant to which such employee shall agree not to transfer such common stock for one year after
the Effective Time. 

Concurrently with the signing of Amendment
No. 2, we entered into an amended and restated voting agreement with certain stockholders of Sungevity, which amended and restated
the voting agreement originally executed concurrently with the signing of the Merger Agreement (the  Sungevity Stockholder
Voting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sungevity Stockholder Voting Agreement, such stockholders of Sungevity have agreed to
vote their voting shares of Sungevity capital stock for the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The foregoing summary of the Sungevity Stockholder Voting Agreement is qualified in all respects by reference to the complete
text of the form of Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, which was filed with the SEC on November 3, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to
our Current Report on Form 8-K. 

The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement including, among others, receipt
of the requisite approval of the stockholders of the Company. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Market risk is a broad term for the risk
of economic loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of various
factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and/or equity prices. As of September 30, 2016, approximately
$193,078,598 (excluding approximately $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting discounts) was held in trust for the purposes of consummating
an initial business combination. The proceeds held in the trust account (including the deferred underwriting discounts) are held
in cash and in a money market fund that invests solely in United States Treasuries compliant with Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. 

We have not engaged in any hedging activities
since our inception on April 29, 2015. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to
which we are exposed. 

4  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

During the most recently completed fiscal
quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

5  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results
of operations. As of the date of this report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time
in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

On March 17, 2016, we issued a convertible
promissory note to our sponsor that provides for our sponsor to loan us up to $1,000,000 for ongoing expenses. On March 17, 2016,
we borrowed $15,000 pursuant to the convertible promissory note. Our sponsor is not obligated to loan us additional amounts pursuant
to the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note is interest bearing at 5% per annum and is due and payable
on August 4, 2017. At the option of our sponsor, any amounts outstanding under the convertible promissory note may be converted
into warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at any time on or prior to the maturity date at a conversion price of $1.00
per warrant. Each warrant will entitle our sponsor to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share.
Each warrant will contain other terms identical to the terms contained in the private placement warrants. As of September 30, 2016,
the outstanding principal balance of this convertible promissory note is $15,000. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

6  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part
of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

*    Filed herewith.  

**    The certifications attached
as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Easterly Acquisition Corp. under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

7  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

EASTERLY ACQUISITION CORP.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Avshalom Kalichstein   

Name:    
      Avshalom Kalichstein   

Title:  
       Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)     

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Jurgen Lika   

Name:    
      Jurgen Lika   

Title:  
       Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

8  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451283_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Avshalom Kalichstein, certify that: 

1.              I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Easterly Acquisition Corp.; 

2.              Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.              Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.              The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.              The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Avshalom Kalichstein   

Name:     
      Avshalom Kalichstein   

Title:  
       Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

(Signature Page
to Certification)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451283_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Jurgen Lika, certify that: 

1.              I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Easterly Acquisition Corp.; 

2.              Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.              Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.              The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.              The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Jurgen Lika   

Name:    
      Jurgen Lika   

Title:  
       Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

(Signature Page to Certification)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451283_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

18 U.S.C. 1350  

(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Avshalom Kalichstein, Chief Executive
Officer of Easterly Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13 (a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Avshalom Kalichstein   

Name:    
      Avshalom Kalichstein   

Title:  
       Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451283_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

18 U.S.C. 1350  

(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Jurgen Lika, Chief Financial Officer
of Easterly Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13 (a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Jurgen Lika   

Name:      
      Jurgen Lika   

Title:  
       Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 eacqu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eacqu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eacqu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eacqu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eacqu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eacqu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

