<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K_edgar_data_1005731_0001213900-16-017511_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9882462</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342350</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>650232</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2286967</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4058913</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2337204</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>166</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017511.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014124133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017511
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				223415036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16371
		FILM NUMBER:		161936553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973 438 1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017511.txt : 20161014

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_idtcorporation.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

Annual
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934  

for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016,  

or  

Transition
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934.  

Commission
File Number: 1-16371  

IDT
Corporation   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       22-3415036    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

520
Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102   

  (Address
of principal executive offices, zip code)  

(973)
438-1000   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of each class  
         
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered   
 
      Class
    B common stock, par value $.01 per share  
         
      New
    York Stock Exchange   

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer    
      Accelerated
    filer     
 
      Non-accelerated
filer    
      Smaller
reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No    

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price
on January 29, 2016 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the
Class B common stock of $12.70 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately $254.5 million.  

As
of October 10, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 21,473,945 shares of Class B common stock and 1,574,326 shares of Class A
common stock. Excluded from these numbers are 3,932,461 shares of Class B common stock and 1,698,000 shares of Class A common
stock held in treasury by IDT Corporation.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

The
definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held December 14, 2016,
is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described therein.  

Index 
 
IDT Corporation 
 
Annual Report on Form 10-K  

Part I   
      
      1   
 
       Item 1.   
       Business   
      1   
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk
    Factors   
      15   
 
       Item 1B.   
       Unresolved
    Staff Comments   
      22   
 
       Item 2.   
       Properties   
      22   
 
       Item 3.   
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      23   
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      23   
 
       Part II   
      
      23   
 
       Item
    5.   
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      23   
 
       Item 6.   
       Selected
    Financial Data   
      25   
 
       Item 7.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      26   
 
       Item 7A.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks   
      43   
 
       Item 8.   
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data   
      43   
 
       Item 9.   
       Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      43   
 
       Item 9A.   
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      43   
 
       Item 9B.   
       Other
    Information   
      43   
 
       Part III   
      
      44   
 
       Item 10.   
       Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      44   
 
       Item 11.   
       Executive
    Compensation   
      44   
 
       Item 12.   
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      44   
 
       Item 13.   
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      44   
 
       Item 14.   
       Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services   
      44   
 
       Part IV   
      
      45   
 
       Item 15.   
       Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules   
      45   
 
       Signatures   
      
      47   

Part
I  

   As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the  Company,   IDT,   we, 
 us,  and  our  refer to IDT Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its predecessor, International Discount
Telecommunications, Corp., a New York corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this
Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2016 refers to the fiscal year
ended July 31, 2016).   

Item
1.  Business.  

OVERVIEW  

  We
are a multinational holding company with operations primarily in the telecommunications and payment industries.  

Since
our inception, we have derived the majority of our revenues and operating expenses from IDT Telecom s businesses, with IDT
Telecom s revenues representing 99.2% of our total revenues in fiscal 2016. IDT Telecom s primary businesses market
and distribute multiple communications and payment services across four broad business verticals:  

Retail
                                         Communications provides international long-distance calling products primarily to foreign-born
                                         communities worldwide, with its core markets in the United States;    

Wholesale
                                         Carrier Services is a global telecom carrier, terminating international long distance
                                         calls around the world for Tier 1 fixed line and mobile network operators, as well as
                                         other service providers;    

Payment
                                         Services provides payment offerings, including international and domestic airtime top-up
                                         and international money transfer; and    

Hosted
                                         Platform Solutions provides customized communications services that leverage our proprietary
                                         networks, platforms and/or technology to cable companies and other service providers.    

Our
Retail Communications vertical provides prepaid international long distance calling services primarily to foreign-born and underbanked
consumers in the United States, with smaller retail operations serving customers in Europe, Asia, South America and Canada. Retail
Communications offerings include our flagship  Boss Revolution  branded PIN-less international long distance prepaid
calling offerings as well as traditional, disposable hard cards sold under a variety of brands. In the United States, the majority
of our customers purchase Retail Communications offerings through one of our more than 35,000 Boss Revolution authorized resellers.
These resellers are typically small, independent retailers serving foreign-born communities. Boss Revolution customers can also
purchase calling services directly through our IVR (Interactive Voice Response) system, website (www.bossrevolution.com), or mobile
app available free on both the iTunes App Store and on Google Play.  

Our
Wholesale Carrier Services business terminates international long distance calls for our retail customers and for other telecommunications
companies, service providers, and resellers around the world. Our wholesale telecommunications network is comprised of interconnections
that link virtually every country and significant carrier in the world.  

Our
Payment Services vertical includes international mobile top-up (IMTU) offerings sold through our retail network or directly from
the Boss Revolution website and mobile app, as well as our Boss Revolution international money transfer and National Retail Solutions
business. IMTU is sold under the Boss Revolution brand as well as through mobile operator top-up cards sold by Boss Revolution
resellers. Our Boss Revolution international money transfer business includes remittances from the United States to 49 countries
offered through certain Boss Revolution resellers as well as the Boss Revolution online/mobile platform. Our National Retail Solutions
business provides point of sale (POS) terminals and related services, including consumer rewards programs, credit card processing
and coupon program participation to independent retailers in the U.S. The Payment Services vertical also includes IDT Financial
Services Ltd., our Gibraltar-based bank, that issues prepaid debit cards to program managers across the European Economic Area.

Our
Hosted Platform Solutions  vertical includes voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) based offerings including cloud based telephony
and SIP Trunking services under the Net2Phone and Picup brands, and residential telephony services provisioned to cable television
providers under the Net2Phone Cable Telephony brand. Hosted Platform Solutions  offerings are delivered through several
channels including cable operators (Net2Phone Cable Telephony) value added resellers (VARs), service providers, telecom agents
and managed service providers (MSPs).  

In
addition, IDT Telecom operates a business that provides bundled local/long distance residential phone service in 11 states under
the brand name IDT America.   

Outside
of our core telecommunications business, we also hold commercial real estate including our headquarters building and associated
garage in Newark, New Jersey and an operations facility in Piscataway, New Jersey.  

Our
headquarters are located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (973)
438-1000 and our corporate web site s home page is www.idt.net.  

We
make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
all amendments to these reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial
owners of more than 10% of our equity through the investor relations page of our web site ( http://ir.idt.net/ ) as soon
as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our web site
also contains information not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.  

KEY
EVENTS IN OUR HISTORY  

  1990
  Howard Jonas, our founder, launched International Discount Telephone to provide international call re-originations services.  

1995
  We begin selling wholesale carrier services to other long distance carriers by leveraging our access to favorable international
telephone rates generated by our retail calling traffic.  

1996
  We successfully complete an initial public offering of our common stock.  

1997
  We began marketing prepaid calling cards to provide convenient and affordable international long distance calls primarily
to immigrant communities.  

2000
  We complete the sale of a stake in our Net2Phone subsidiary, a pioneer in the development and commercialization of VoIP
technologies and services, to AT T for approximately $1.1 billion in cash.  

2001
  Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE.  

2003
  We begin offering local and long distance calling services to residential customers.  

2004
  We launch a retail energy business to provide electricity and natural gas to residential and small business customers
in New York.  

2006
  We sell our Russian telecom business, Corbina, for $129.9 million in cash.  

We launch a regulated issuing bank based in Gibraltar.  

2007
  We complete the sale of IDT Entertainment to Liberty Media for (i) 14.9 million shares of our Class B common
stock, (ii) Liberty Media s approximate 4.8% interest in IDT Telecom, (iii) $220.0 million in cash, net of certain
working capital adjustments, (iv) the repayment of $58.7 million of IDT Entertainment s intercompany indebtedness
payable to us and (v) the assumption of all of IDT Entertainment s existing indebtedness.  

We sell our United Kingdom-based consumer phone service for approximately $46.3 million of cash and stock.  

We purchase a majority interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd., or Fabrix.  

We purchase a majority stake in Zedge, Inc. (formerly Zedge Holdings, Inc.), or Zedge, which provides one of the most popular
content platforms for mobile device personalization including ringtones, wallpapers, home screen icons and notification sounds.  

2008
  We enter the oil and gas exploration business with the acquisition of E.G.L. Oil Shale and are granted a license to explore
for oil shale in Israel.  

We launch Boss Revolution PIN-less, a pay-as-you-go international calling service. Boss Revolution has since become our flagship
brand, and the Boss Revolution platform has been expanded to include payment offerings.  

2009
  We spin-off our CTM Media Holdings subsidiary to stockholders. CTM Media Holdings has been renamed IDW Media Holdings
and is traded on the over-the-counter market with the ticker symbol  IDWM .  

2011
  We spin-off our Genie Energy Ltd. subsidiary, which holds retail energy and oil and gas exploration businesses, to stockholders.
Genie Energy is listed on the NYSE with the ticker symbols  GNE  and  GNE-PRA .  

2013
  We spin-off our Straight Path Communications, Inc. subsidiary to stockholders. Straight Path Communications is listed
on the NYSE MKT with the ticker symbol  STRP .  

We introduce the Boss Revolution mobile app for Android and iOS.  

We launch an international money transfer service on the Boss Revolution platform in select states. The service offers Boss Revolution
customers a convenient, affordable means to send cash from the United States to friends and family overseas.  

2014
  We sell our 78% stake in Fabrix to Ericsson for $69 million as part of Ericsson s purchase of Fabrix for $95 million.  

2015
  We become the first U.S.-based telecommunications company to terminate international long distance voice traffic directly
to Cuba.  

2016
  We spin-off our Zedge, Inc. subsidiary to stockholders. Zedge is listed on the NYSE MKT with the ticker symbol  ZDGE .  

We launch National Retail Solutions to provide POS-based services to independent retailers in the United States.  

DIVIDENDS
AND DISTRIBUTIONS  

  We
have made quarterly distributions to the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock since fiscal 2011. In fiscal 2016, we
paid aggregate cash dividends of $0.75 per share on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $17.4 million in total
as detailed below. In fiscal 2015, we paid aggregate cash dividends of $2.03 per share on our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock, or $47.6 million in total. The aggregate cash dividends in fiscal 2015 included special dividends of $0.68 per share
and $0.64 per share paid in November 2014 and January 2015, respectively, to return to our stockholders a portion of the proceeds
from the sale of Fabrix.  

On
September 27, 2016, we declared a dividend of $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 to holders of our Class A
common stock and Class B common stock. The dividend will be paid on or about October 20, 2016 to stockholders of record as of
the close of business on October 11, 2016.  

We
expect to continue making regular quarterly distributions commensurate with our cash generation and financial resources, business
outlook and growth strategy.  

OUR
STRATEGY  

History
and Background  

  Since
our founding, we have focused on value creation by leveraging potentially disruptive telecommunications, payment and other technologies
to challenge entrenched business models. Outside of our core businesses, we have sought to select and incubate promising early
stage businesses and, in some cases, have sold those businesses or spun them off to our stockholders.  

In
2007 and 2008, in response to a long-term, industry-wide decline in the sale of prepaid, disposable calling cards, which was our
dominant offering at the time, we initiated a fundamental restructuring of our businesses. We right-sized corporate overhead,
reduced network costs at IDT Telecom, streamlined our operations, and refocused on the growth and profitability of our core telecommunications
businesses. In 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2016, we spun off to our stockholders non-core businesses, CTM Media, Genie Energy, Straight
Path Communications, and Zedge, respectively. In October 2014, we completed the sale of our interest in Fabrix, a network storage
and processing technology business, to Ericsson for $69 million in cash as part of Ericsson s purchase of Fabrix for $95
million.  

Within
IDT Telecom, we have reduced the cost of our infrastructure while leveraging our VoIP expertise and large retail network to develop
new products and services. We also sharpened our retail focus to provide high-quality, cost-effective communications and payment
services primarily to foreign-born consumers. This is a rapidly growing demographic and a historically underserved market that
includes significant numbers of unbanked and under-banked consumers.  

As
part of our effort to meet the changing demands of our target demographic, in 2008 we launched Boss Revolution PIN-less, a pay-as-you-go
international long distance voice service. The service grew rapidly and eventually overtook sales of our traditional, disposable
prepaid calling cards. We believe that Boss Revolution PIN-less has become the nation s leading pay-as-you-go international
calling service. We subsequently developed and introduced complementary payment services over the Boss Revolution platform, including
international and domestic airtime top-up, gift cards, domestic bill payment and an international money transfer service. These
additions represent significant milestones toward our goal of offering a comprehensive suite of voice and payment products under
a single, global brand and platform targeted to under-banked, foreign-born consumers.  

To
simplify the Boss Revolution PIN-less calling experience and expand its reach, we introduced our Boss Revolution mobile app in
2013. The app is free to the consumer and is distributed through both the iTunes and Google Play app stores. In 2014, we deployed
the Boss Revolution app for retailers. Our retail app enables a qualified individual in the United States with an Android or iOS
smartphone to become a Boss Revolution retailer and to manage their Boss Revolution account virtually anywhere, anytime. We expect
our retailer app to be replaced at the end of calendar 2016 and replaced with a Boss Revolution retailer portal that can accessed
via the web browser on a mobile device.  

Leveraging
the high volumes of traffic to certain overseas destinations generated by our retail business, we have long been a significant
operator in the global wholesale telecommunications market, carrying and terminating international calling traffic on behalf of
other telecommunications companies and call aggregators. More recently, we have maintained our leadership in the wholesale market
by leveraging VoIP technology and broadening our offerings with different levels of service quality.  

Recent
Strategic Developments  

In
August 2015, our Board of Directors approved a plan to reorganize into three separate entities by spinning off two business units
to our stockholders, one of which was Zedge, which we completed on June 1, 2016. The remaining components of the reorganization
are subject to change as well as both internal and third-party contingencies, and must receive final approval from our Board of
Directors and certain third-parties. We continue to advance the effort on the remainder of the reorganization.  

IDT
Telecom  

IDT
Telecom s largest offerings including its Boss Revolution prepaid PIN-less calling services and wholesale termination business
face intense competitive pressures on revenues and margins. In response, IDT Telecom is pursuing a multi-pronged strategy that
includes:  

Reducing
                                         the cost of operating our network, streamlining operations, and right sizing overhead;    

Expanding
                                         our national network of 35,000+ Boss Revolution retailers;    

Building
                                         the Boss Revolution brand through direct to consumer marketing, promotions, and rewards
                                         programs;    

Bringing
                                         new communications and payment services to the Boss Revolution platform and mobile app
                                         to create new sources of revenue;    

Utilizing
                                         our direct and indirect sales force to deepen market penetration in certain foreign-born
                                         communities, focusing on geographies and ethnic communities where we have not traditionally
                                         been a leading provider;    

Building
                                         on the early success of our Net2Phone brand's enterprise offerings including Session
                                         Initiation Protocol, or SIP, trunking and hosted private branch exchange, or PBX, services;    

Investing
                                         to expand our early-stage international money transfer business with a focus on increasing
                                         the number of originating agents in the United States and our direct to consumer efforts
                                         via mobile; and    

Investing
                                         in our National Retail Solutions business which provides merchant service offerings through
                                         point of sale (POS) terminals enabling independent retailers to participate in national
                                         coupon and other consumer goods promotional offerings, offer rewards programs, and access
                                         additional POS network benefits.    

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION  

IDT
TELECOM  

  IDT
Telecom is comprised of two reportable segments, Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Service. Since our inception, we
have derived the majority of our revenues and operating expenses from IDT Telecom s businesses. In fiscal 2016, IDT Telecom
had revenues of $1,484.8 million, representing 99.2% of our total consolidated revenues, and income from operations of $32.4 million,
as compared with revenues of $1,581.3 million and income from operations of $28.3 million in fiscal 2015.  

TELECOM
PLATFORM SERVICES  

  Our
Telecom Platform Services segment, which represented 99.5% and 99.4% of IDT Telecom s total revenues in fiscal 2016 and
fiscal 2015, respectively, markets and distributes multiple communications and payment services across four broad business verticals:   

Retail
                                         Communications provides international long-distance calling products primarily to foreign-born
                                         communities worldwide, with its core markets in the United States;    

Wholesale
                                         Carrier Services is a global telecom carrier, terminating international long distance
                                         calls around the world for Tier 1 fixed line and mobile network operators, as well as
                                         other service providers;    

Payment
                                         Services provides payment offerings, including international and domestic airtime top-up
                                         and international money transfer; and    

Hosted
                                         Platform Solutions provides customized communications services that leverage our proprietary
                                         networks, platforms and/or technology to cable companies and other service providers.    

During
fiscal 2016, our Telecom Platform Services segment generated $1,477.9 million in revenues worldwide and income from operations
of $31.2 million, as compared with revenues of $1,572.7 million and income from operations of $27.0 million in fiscal 2015.  

Retail
Communications  

  Retail
Communications  revenue was $672.2 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $735.0 million in fiscal 2015 (45.5% and 46.7% of
Telecom Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively).  

The
majority of Retail Communications  sales are generated by the Boss Revolution PIN-less international calling service. Other
smaller lines of business contribute to Retail Communications sales, including (1) traditional, disposable prepaid calling cards
sold under a variety of brand names both domestically and overseas, (2) private label and IDT branded prepaid and point of sale
activated calling cards sold to large retailers, medium sized retail chains (e.g. supermarkets, drug stores), and smaller grocery
stores and similar outlets, and (3) our PennyTalk international calling service. Other revenues generated using our Boss Revolution
platform, including airtime top-up and international money transfer are reflected in the Payment Services vertical discussed below.  

Boss
Revolution PIN-less allows users to call their families and friends overseas without the need to enter a personal identification
number, or PIN. To place a call, a customer must first establish a Boss Revolution prepaid account. Boss Revolution customers
can access our network by first dialing a local access or toll-free number. Our platform recognizes the user s network-provided
automatic number identification (ANI) and seamlessly links each call to the corresponding Boss Revolution account. Callers then
enter their destination phone numbers. The dialing process is automated to provide one-touch dialing in the Boss Revolution mobile
app.  

Boss
Revolution customers  account balances are typically debited at a fixed rate per minute. In contrast to many competitors,
Boss Revolution does not charge connection, usage or breakage fees. Boss Revolution per minute rates can vary by the destination
country, city, and whether the destination is a landline or mobile phone. Rates are published on the Boss Revolution consumer
website and within the Boss Revolution mobile app. In addition to per minute prepaid plans, Boss Revolution offers unlimited calling
plans for a flat monthly fee to some destinations.  

Customers
can add to, or top-up, their account balance at any Boss Revolution retailer using cash or a credit card. Customers with a credit
or debit card can also add to their account balance directly by phone, online through the Boss Revolution consumer web site (www.bossrevolution.com),
or through the Boss Revolution mobile app.  

In
the United States, we distribute many of our retail products through our network of distributors that, either directly or through
sub-distributors, sells to retail locations. In addition, our internal sales force sells Boss Revolution platform products directly
to retailers. Also, the Boss Revolution mobile app is available for download through both the iTunes and Google Play stores. Distributors,
our internal sales people and retailers typically receive commissions based on the revenue generated by each transaction.  

The
Boss Revolution retailer portal enables retailers to create accounts for new customers, add funds to existing customer balances
and execute sales transactions for the various products and services available on the portal. The Boss Revolution retailer portal
also provides a direct, real-time interface with our retailers, resulting in a cost-effective and adaptable distribution model
that can rapidly respond to changes in the business environment.  

The
Boss Revolution platform allows us to target and promote services directly to customers and retailers, and to introduce and cross-sell
offerings. For example, the successful launches of international and domestic airtime top-up over the Boss Revolution platform
leveraged our existing capabilities and distribution network to expand the scope of services we provide to our customers.  

In
the United States, the Boss Revolution brand is supported by national, regional and local marketing programs that include television
and radio advertising, online advertising, print media, and grass roots marketing at community and sporting events. In addition,
we work closely with distributors and retailers on in-store promotional programs and events.  

Retail
Communications  sales have traditionally been strongest in the Northeastern United States and in Florida because of our
extensive local distribution network and their large foreign born populations. In addition to these geographic areas, we continue
to grow distributor relationships and expand our retail network in other areas of the United States, including the Southwest and
West Coast, where we historically have not had as strong of a market presence.  

Wholesale
Carrier Services  

  Wholesale
Carrier Services  revenue was $555.1 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $590.9 million in fiscal 2015 (37.6% and 37.6% of
Telecom Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively).  

Wholesale
Carrier Services terminates international telecommunications traffic in more than 170 countries around the world. Our customers
include IDT s Retail Communications business, major and niche carriers around the globe, mobile network operators, and other
service providers such as call aggregators. For many of these customers, particularly the major carriers, we engage in buy-sell
relationships, terminating their customers  traffic in exchange for terminating our wholesale and retail traffic with their
customers.  

We
offer competitively priced international termination rates at several quality levels. We are able to offer competitively priced
termination services in part because of the large volumes of originating minutes generated by our Retail Communications business,
our global platform powered by proprietary software, our team of professional and experienced account managers, and an extensive
network of interconnects around the globe.  

IDT
Telecom terminated 28.3 billion minutes in fiscal 2016, as compared to 29.3 billion minutes in fiscal 2015, making us one of the
largest carriers of international long distance minutes worldwide. Wholesale Carrier Services accounted for 19.2 billion minutes
and 19.4 billion minutes of the total IDT Telecom minutes in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.  

IDT
Telecom has a significant number of direct connections to Tier 1 providers outside the United States, particularly Tier 1 providers
in Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe and the Middle East. Tier 1 providers are the largest recognized licensed carriers in a
country. Direct connections improve the quality of the telephone calls and reduce the cost, thereby enabling us to generate more
traffic with higher margins to the associated foreign locales. We also have direct relationships with mobile network operators,
reflecting their growing share of the voice traffic market.  

Termination
rates charged by Tier 1 and other providers of international long distance traffic have been declining for many years. Nevertheless,
termination rates charged to us by individual Tier 1 carriers and mobile operators can be volatile. Termination price volatility
on heavily trafficked routes can significantly impact our minutes of use and wholesale revenues. However, because of the small
margins on these routes, the resulting change in the Wholesale Carrier Services business s underlying profitability is often
not material.  

In
addition to offering competitive rates to our carrier customers, we emphasize our ability to offer the high-quality connections
that these providers often require. To that end, we offer higher-priced services in which we provide higher-quality connections,
based upon a set of predetermined quality of service criteria. These services meet a growing need for higher-quality connections
for some of our customers who provide services to high-value, quality-conscious retail customers. As of July 31, 2016, Wholesale
Carrier Services had more than 3,000 customers. IDT Telecom has over 600 carrier relationships globally.  

Wholesale
Carrier Services  revenue is generated by sales to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers typically include
Tier 1 carriers, mobile network operators and our most credit worthy customers. Prepaid customers are typically smaller telecommunication
companies as well as independent call aggregators.  

Payment
Services  

  Payment
Services  revenue was $219.2 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $208.3 million in fiscal 2015 (14.8% and 13.3% of Telecom
Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively).  

The
majority of Payment Services  revenue is generated by international airtime top-up. Other products and services in this
vertical include domestic airtime top-up, gift cards sold in the United States and Europe, domestic bill pay service, our international
money transfer service and the operations of our Gibraltar-based bank. Payment Services  offerings leverage our platform
capabilities, our distribution reach into foreign-born communities and our global reach to provide convenient and affordable offerings,
mostly over the Boss Revolution platform.  

Our
international airtime top-up products enable customers to purchase minutes for a prepaid mobile telephone in another country.
They are sold both over our Boss Revolution platform and in hard card format. Our international airtime top-up offerings are focused
on geographic corridors, such as the United States to various Central American countries, that tend to generate high volumes of
business, and are part of a comprehensive product offering that includes product, marketing and distribution focused on those
corridors.  

International
remittances are a significant economic activity among our target market of foreign-born residents and other under-banked communities.
To serve that market, we began to roll-out an international money transfer service over our Boss Revolution platform in 2013.
Prior to launch, we obtained the requisite licenses including those required by nearly every state, formalized relationships with
national and local banks in the United States, developed a compliance operation to comply with applicable anti-money laundering
laws and regulations, and assembled a disbursement network of banks, retailers, mobile money platforms and other points of payment
overseas where beneficiaries can receive their transferred funds. Our international money transfer service is offered over the
Boss Revolution platform, and like other payment services, utilizes our retail network and associated ability to serve unbanked
customers. However, we expect that only a limited number of Boss Revolution retailers in the United States will eventually qualify
to process international money transfer transactions.  

Revenues
from international money transfer are derived from a per-transaction fee charged to the customer and from foreign exchange differentials.
Although we offer lower promotional rates from time to time, including as an incentive for customers to try the service, we generally
charge the standard industry rates. Transaction costs include commissions paid to the retail agent, payment to the international
disbursing agent, banking, compliance, and foreign currency exchange costs.  

Payment
Services also includes reloadable prepaid debit cards marketed across the European Economic Area and Bank Identification Number
(BIN) sponsorship services offered by our Gibraltar-based bank.  

Hosted
Platform Solutions  

  Hosted
Platform Solutions  revenue was $31.4 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $38.5 million in fiscal 2015 (2.1% and 2.4% of
Telecom Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively).  

Hosted
Platform Solutions  revenue is generated primarily by VoIP products and services sold under the Net2Phone brand. Net2Phone s
channel-based business focuses primarily on the UCaaS (Unified Communications as a Service) enterprise market place. From a product
perspective, Net2Phone continues to develop our Hosted PBX, SIP Trunking and other telephony cloud-based solutions. In fiscal
2016, the Net2Phone division successfully launched an alternate brand targeting the VSB (very small business)/business startup
community with our self-serving, cloud pbx solution called Picup. In fiscal 2017, we expect to release new add-on features and
functionality to the Picup brand and product set.  

IDT
continues to optimize and improve its cable telephony platform to reduce the underlying costs of service and speed deployment
of its efficiencies.  

International
Operations  

  Internationally,
we are a leading provider of prepaid calling cards including both private label and IDT-branded calling cards, which are sold
through an extensive network of thousands of independent retailers as well as through our own internal sales force. Additionally,
we sell Boss Revolution PIN-less international calling and domestic and international airtime top-up and payment services in select
global markets both through retailers and directly to consumers. Wholesale Termination and related wholesale services are marketed
and sold globally through our internal wholesale team.  

In
Europe, we market our Retail Communications products in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Spain, Germany, Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg,
Sweden, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway and Austria, seeking to capitalize on the demographic opportunity presented by immigration
from outside of Europe to these developed nations. Because the immigrant market is fragmented, and due to the large number of
markets in which we compete, we offer over 470 different prepaid calling cards in Europe. In addition, we sell Boss Revolution
platform products through retailers, our mobile app, and direct-to-consumer web sites in Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, we sell the Prime Card, a leading prepaid MasterCard through select retailers and online directly to consumers.  

Our
operations in Europe also include Wholesale Carrier Services. We maintain our European corporate, Retail Communications and Wholesale
Carrier Services operations in London, England. We also operate satellite offices in Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy, Ireland and
Greece.  

Our
European operations, including Wholesale Carrier Services and Retail Communications, generated $368.5 million of revenues in fiscal
2016, an increase from the $359.4 million of revenues generated during fiscal 2015. Our European operations  revenues
constituted 24.9% of IDT Telecom s revenues from continuing operations in fiscal 2016, as compared to 22.7% in fiscal 2015.  

In
Asia, we sell Retail Communications products in Hong Kong, Singapore, Australia, Taiwan and Malaysia. In Hong Kong, we are one
of the top providers of prepaid calling services to the Filipino, Indian and Indonesian populations, three of the largest overseas
worker segments there. In addition, in Singapore, our Retail Communications products are a market leader to the Indian, Indonesian
and Bangladeshi populations, which are among the largest ethnic segments in Singapore. We sell Boss Revolution platform products
through retailers, our mobile app, and direct-to-consumer web sites in Australia, Hong Kong, and Singapore. In Asia, we also sell
postpaid services direct to consumers and small businesses. In fiscal 2016, IDT Telecom generated $45.4 million in revenues
from our operations in the Asia Pacific region compared to $57.6 million in fiscal 2015. Our operations in Asia also include Wholesale
Carrier Services. We maintain our Asia Pacific headquarters in Hong Kong.  

In
Latin America, we market Retail Communications products in Argentina, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and Uruguay. In addition, we offer
post-paid phone services in Brazil to consumers and small businesses. We maintain Latin American headquarters in Buenos Aires,
Argentina. In fiscal 2016, IDT Telecom generated $13.3 million in revenues from the sale of Retail Communications products
in Latin America compared to $19.0 million in fiscal 2015.  

Sales,
Marketing and Distribution   

  In
the United States, we distribute Retail Communications and Payment Services products, including Boss Revolution PIN-less, domestic
and international airtime top-up offerings, and prepaid calling cards primarily to retail outlets through our network of distributors
or through our internal sales force. In addition, our private label calling cards as well as our IDT-branded calling cards are
also marketed to retail chains and outlets through our internal sales force, and from time to time, we may utilize third-party
agents or brokers to acquire accounts. We also market prepaid offerings, including Boss Revolution PIN-less and domestic and international
airtime top-up, direct to the consumer via online channels including the Boss Revolution consumer website (www.bossrevolution.com)
and mobile apps for iOS and Android.  

Net2Phone,
our VoIP division, focuses on the channel marketplace by partnering with service providers, distributors, system integrators,
telecom agents and master agents domestically and internationally. These partners utilize Net2Phone s full suite of VoIP
communication solutions - SIP Trunking, Hosted PBX, Broadband Telephony, and Mobile VoIP calling apps - allowing their enterprise
and residential end users to capitalize on the growth, flexibility and cost advantages of IP-based calling.  

In
Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, we are a leading provider of prepaid calling cards including both private label and IDT-branded
calling cards, which are sold through an extensive network of thousands of independent retailers as well as through our own internal
sales force. Additionally, we sell Boss Revolution PIN-less international calling and domestic and international airtime top-up
in select markets both through retailers and directly to consumers. In Asia, we also sell postpaid services direct to consumers
and small businesses. In the United Kingdom, we sell the Prime Card, a leading prepaid MasterCard through select retailers and
online directly to consumers. Wholesale Carrier Services are marketed and sold through our internal wholesale sales team. In Canada,
we sell Boss Revolution platform products through retailers, our mobile app, and direct-to-consumer web sites.  

Telecommunications
Network Infrastructure   

  IDT
Telecom operates a global network to provide an array of telecommunications and payment services to our customers worldwide using
a combination of proprietary and third-party applications. Proprietary applications include call routing and rating,
customer provisioning, call management, e-commerce sites, product web pages, calling card features, and payment services features.
Proprietary applications provide the flexibility to adapt to evolving marketplace demands without waiting for third-party software
releases, and often provide advantages in capability or cost over commercially available alternatives.  

The
IDT Telecom core voice network utilizes VoIP and is interconnected, where needed, through gateways to time-division multiplexing,
or TDM, networks worldwide. This hybrid IP/TDM capability allows IDT Telecom to interface with carriers using the lowest cost
technology protocol available. To support its global reach, IDT Telecom operates voice switches and/or points of presence in the
United States, Europe, South America, Asia and Australia. IDT Telecom receives and terminates voice traffic from every country
in the world, including cellular, landline and satellite calls through direct and indirect interconnects. The network includes
data centers located in the United States, the United Kingdom and Hong Kong, which house equipment used for both our voice and
payment services, with smaller points of presence in several other countries. It is monitored and operated on a continual basis
by our Network Operations Center in the United States. More recently, we started to make use of one of the leading cloud providers
to serve as host for some of our application infrastructure.  

CONSUMER
PHONE SERVICES   

  Our
Consumer Phone Services segment generated revenues of $6.9 million and income from operations of $1.2 million in fiscal 2016,
as compared to revenues of $8.6 million and income from operations of $1.3 million in fiscal 2015.  

During
fiscal 2016, we continued to operate the business in harvest mode-maximizing revenue from current customers while maintaining
expenses at the minimum levels essential to operate the business. This strategy has been in effect since calendar 2005 when the
Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, decided to terminate the UNE-P pricing regime, which resulted in significantly inferior
economics in the operating model for this business. We expect the Consumer Phone Services  customer base and revenues will
continue to decline in fiscal 2017.  

We
currently provide our bundled local/long distance phone service in 11 states, marketed under the brand name IDT America. Our bundled
local/long distance service, offered predominantly to residential customers, includes unlimited local, regional toll and domestic
long distance calling and popular calling features. A second plan is available, providing unlimited local service with our long
distance included for as low as 3.9 cents per minute. With either plan, competitive international rates and/or additional features
can be added for additional monthly fees. We also offer stand-alone long distance service throughout the United States.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had approximately 4,200 active customers for our bundled local/long distance plans and approximately 18,100
customers for our long distance-only plans, compared to approximately 5,100 and 22,700 customers, respectively, on July 31,
2015. Our highest customer concentrations are in large urban areas, with the greatest number of customers located in New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts.  

ALL
OTHER   

  Operating
segments that are not reportable individually are included in All Other. On June 1, 2016, we completed the Zedge Spin-Off, which
was a pro rata distribution of the common stock that we held in our subsidiary Zedge to our stockholders. In connection with the
Zedge Spin-Off, each of our stockholders received one share of Zedge Class A common stock for every three shares of our Class
A common stock, and one share of Zedge Class B common stock for every three shares of our Class B common stock, held of record
as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. Zedge is listed on the NYSE MKT with the ticker symbol  ZDGE . We received
a legal opinion that the Zedge Spin-Off should qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The disposition
of Zedge did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly, its assets, liabilities, results
of operations and cash flows have not been reclassified.  

At
the time of its spin-off, Zedge s principal business consisted of providing one of the most popular content platforms for
mobile device personalization including ringtones, wallpapers, home screen icons and notification sounds. Its smartphone app,
available in Google Play and iTunes, has been installed over 215 million times and has averaged among the top 25 most popular
apps in the Google Play store in the U.S. for the past six years.  

All Other also includes our real estate holdings, and other smaller
businesses. Prior to its sale in October 2014, All Other also included Fabrix, a software development company offering a cloud-based
scale-out storage and computing platform optimized for big data, virtualization and media storage, processing and delivery. The
final sale price for 100% of the shares in Fabrix was $95 million in cash, excluding transaction costs and working capital and
other adjustments. We owned approximately 78% of Fabrix on a fully diluted basis. Our share of the sale price was $69.2 million,
after reflecting the impact of working capital and other adjustments. We recorded gain on the sale of our interest in Fabrix of
$76.9 million and $1.1 million in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016, respectively. 

On
December 7, 2015, we approved an investment of up to $10 million in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals ( Cornerstone), As of July
31, 2016, we funded $2.0 million of our potential $10 million investment in Cornerstone.  On
September 19, 2016, we funded the balance of  $7.6 million, which was net of deductions for interim advances to Cornerstone
as well as certain due diligence expenses related to the investment.  

During
fiscal 2016, All Other generated $11.5 million in revenues and income from operations of $4.2 million, compared to revenues of
$15.4 million and income from operations of $78.0 million, including gain on the sale of interest in Fabrix of $76.9 million,
in fiscal 2015.  

Included
in All Other during fiscal 2016 were Zedge revenues of $9.5 million and income from operations of $2.3 million compared to $9.0
million and $0.1 million, respectively, in fiscal year 2015. Prior to its sale, during fiscal 2015, Fabrix generated $4.2 million
in revenues and income from operations of $0.9 million.  

COMPETITION  

IDT
Telecom  

Telecom
Platform Services  

Retail
Communications   

  Like
all international calling services, our Boss Revolution PIN-less service is subject to fierce competition, and we do not expect
to continue to grow revenues and margins without a successful strategy and sound execution. While virtually any company offering
retail voice services is a competitor of our Retail Communications offerings, we face particularly strong competition from Tier
1 mobile network operators who offer flat rate international calling plans, other PIN-less prepaid voice offerings, prepaid calling
card providers, mobile virtual network operators (or MVNOs) with aggressive international rate plans, and VoIP and other  over
the top  (or OTT) service providers. Outside the United States, we also compete with large foreign state-owned or state
sanctioned telephone companies.  

In
our view, our ability to compete successfully against these operators depends on several factors. Our interconnect and termination
agreements, network infrastructure and least-cost-routing system enable us to offer low-cost, high quality services. Our extensive
distribution and retail networks provide us with a strong presence in communities of foreign born residents, a significant portion
of which purchase our services with cash. Our Boss Revolution brand is often highly visible in these communities and has a reputation
for quality service and competitive, transparent pricing. Finally, we also offer synergistic payment services over the Boss Revolution
platform that customers can conveniently access from their accounts. In our view, these factors represent competitive advantages.  

However,
some of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and name recognition, and are capable of providing comparable
service levels and pricing through established brands. Consequently, our ability to maintain and/or to capture additional market
share will remain dependent upon our ability to continue to provide competitively priced services, expand our distribution and
retail networks, improve our ability to reach and sell to customers through mobile devices, develop successful new products and
services to fit the evolving needs of our customers, and continue to build the brand equity of Boss Revolution.  

Wholesale
Carrier Services   

  The
wholesale carrier industry has numerous entities competing for the same customers, primarily based on price, products and quality
of service.  

In
our Wholesale Carrier Services business, we participate in a global market place with:   

interexchange
                                         carriers and other long distance resellers and providers, including large carriers such
                                         as T Mobile, AT T and Verizon;    

historically
                                         state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies such as Telefonica, France Telecom
                                         and KDDI;    

on-line,
                                         spot-market trading exchanges for voice minutes;    

OTT
                                         internet telephony providers;    

other
                                         VoIP providers;    

other
                                         providers of international long distance services; and    

alliances
                                         between large multinational carriers that provide wholesale carrier services.    

Our
Wholesale Carrier Services business derives a competitive advantage from several inter-related factors: our Retail Communications
business generates large volumes of originating minutes, which represents a desirable, tradable asset that helps us win return
traffic and obtain beneficial pricing which we can offer in the wholesale arena; the proprietary technologies powering our wholesale
platform and in particular, the software that drives voice over internet protocols enables us to scale up at a lower cost than
many of our competitors; our professional and experienced account management; and our extensive network of interconnects around
the globe, with the ability to connect in whichever format (IP or TDM) is most feasible. In aggregate, these factors provide us
with a competitive advantage over some participants on certain routes.  

Payment
Services   

  The
major competitors to Payment Services  offerings include:  

international
                                         mobile operators, who seek to control more of their own distribution channel or create
                                         their own products that are directly competitive to international airtime top-up;    

other
                                         distributors, who develop a more comprehensive product offering than our international
                                         airtime top-up offerings or aggressively discount their product offerings that are similar
                                         to our international airtime top-up offerings; and    

international
                                         money transfer services such as Western Union and MoneyGram that target foreign born
                                         communities in the United States.    

Hosted
Platform Solutions  

  Some
of the major competitors to our UCaaS (Unified Communications as a Service) offerings include other UCAAS and or hosted voice
providers such as Vonage Business, Nextiva, and Ring Central. Due to their longevity in the space, these providers carry a more
advanced product set including features such as video, chat, collaboration, and analytics. These competitors, in addition to possessing
a more recognized brand, also support integration of their services with other well-known 3 rd -party vendors such as
SalesForce, SugarCRM   Google applications.  

Consumer
Phone Services   

  We
offer long distance phone services to residential and business customers in the United States. We also offer local and long distance
phone services bundled for a flat monthly rate in 11states. The U.S. consumer phone services industry is characterized by intense
competition, with numerous providers competing for a declining number of wireline customers, leading to a high churn rate because
customers frequently change providers in response to offers of lower rates or promotional incentives.  

The
regional bell operating companies, or RBOCs, remain our primary competitors in the local exchange market. We are also competing
with providers offering communications service over broadband connections using VoIP technology, such as cable companies and independent
VoIP providers. Companies also provide voice telephony services over broadband Internet connections, allowing users of these Internet
services, such as Vonage and Skype, to obtain communications services without subscribing to a conventional telephone line. Mobile
wireless companies are deploying wireless technology as a substitute for traditional wireline local telephones.  

Due
to changes in the U.S. regulatory environment that affected our cost of provisioning bundled local/long distance phone services
and increased competition, we ceased marketing activities for this service, and as a result, our Consumer Phone Services business
has declined significantly.  

REGULATION  

  The
following summary of regulatory developments and legislation is intended to describe what we believe to be the most important,
but not all, current and proposed international, federal, state and local laws, regulations, orders and legislation that are likely
to materially affect us.  

Regulation
of Telecom in the United States  

  Telecommunications
services are subject to extensive government regulation at both the federal and state levels in the United States. Any violations
of the regulations may subject us to enforcement actions, including interest and penalties. The FCC has jurisdiction over all
telecommunications common carriers to the extent they provide interstate or international communications services. Each state
regulatory commission has jurisdiction over the same carriers with respect to their provision of local and intrastate communications
services. Local governments often indirectly regulate aspects of our communications business by imposing zoning requirements,
taxes, permit or right-of-way procedures or franchise fees. Significant changes to the applicable laws or regulations imposed
by any of these regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  

Regulation
of Telecom by the Federal Communications Commission  

  The
FCC has jurisdiction over all U.S. telecommunications service providers to the extent they provide interstate or international
communications services, including the use of local networks to originate or terminate such services.  

Universal
Service and Other Regulatory Fees and Charges   

  In
1997, the FCC issued an order, referred to as the Universal Service Order that requires all telecommunications carriers providing
interstate telecommunications services to contribute to universal service support programs administered by the FCC (known as the
Universal Service Fund). In addition, beginning in October 2006, interconnected VoIP providers, such as our subsidiary Net2Phone,
are required to contribute to the Universal Service Fund. These periodic contributions are currently assessed based on a percentage
of each contributor s interstate and international end user telecommunications revenues reported to the FCC. We also contribute
to several other regulatory funds and programs, most notably Telecommunications Relay Service, FCC Regulatory Fees, and Local
Number Portability (collectively, the Other Funds). We and most of our competitors pass through Universal Service Fund and Other
Funds contributions as part of the price of our services, either as part of the base rate or, to the extent allowed, as a
separate surcharge on customer bills. Due to the manner in which these contributions are calculated, we cannot be assured that
we fully recover from our customers all of our contributions. In addition, based on the nature of our current business, we receive
certain exemptions from federal Universal Service Fund contributions. Changes in our business could eliminate our ability to qualify
for some or all of these exemptions. As a result, our ability to pursue certain new business opportunities in the future may be
constrained in order to maintain these exemptions, the elimination of which could materially affect the rates we would need to
charge for existing services. Changes in regulation may also have an impact on the availability of some or all of these exemptions.
If even some of these exemptions become unavailable, they could materially increase our federal Universal Service Fund or Other
Funds  contributions and have a material adverse effect on the cost of our operations and, therefore, on our ability to
continue to operate profitably, and to develop and grow our business. We cannot be certain of the stability of the contribution
factors for the Other Funds. Significant increases in the contribution factor for the Other Funds in general and the Telecommunications
Relay Service Fund in particular can impact our profitability. Whether these contribution factors will be stable in the future
is unknown, but it is possible that we will be subject to significant increases.  

Interconnection
and Unbundled Network Elements  

  FCC
rule changes relating to unbundling have resulted in increased costs to purchase services and increased uncertainty regarding
the financial viability of providing service using unbundled network elements. As a result, starting in 2006, we placed our Consumer
Phone Services business in  harvest mode,  wherein we seek to retain existing customers but do not actively market
to new customers.  

We
continue to negotiate interconnection arrangements with Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers, or ILECs, generally on a state-by-state
basis, for our Consumer Phone Services business as well as other businesses. These agreements typically have terms of two or three
years and need to be periodically renewed and renegotiated. While current FCC rules and regulations require the incumbent provider
to provide certain network elements necessary for us to provision end-user services on an individual and combined basis, we cannot
assure that the ILECs will provide these components in a manner and at a price that will support competitive operations.  

Access
Charges  

  As
a provider of long distance services, we remit access fees directly to local exchange carriers or indirectly to our underlying
long distance carriers for the origination and termination of our long distance telecommunications traffic. Generally, intrastate
access charges are higher than interstate access charges. Therefore, to the degree access charges increase or a greater percentage
of our long distance traffic becomes intrastate, our costs of providing long distance services will increase. Similarly, as a
local exchange provider, we bill access charges to long distance providers for the termination of those providers  long
distance calls. Accordingly, as opposed to our long distance business, our local exchange business benefits from the receipt of
intrastate and interstate long distance traffic. Under FCC rules, our interstate access rates must be set at levels no higher
than those of the ILEC in each area we serve, which limits our ability to seek increased revenue from these services. Some, but
not all, states have similar restrictions on our intrastate access charges.  

For
nearly a decade, the FCC has had open regulatory proceedings in which it has considered reforming  intercarrier compensation, 
which is a term that covers the payments that carriers bill and remit to each other-access charges and reciprocal compensation,
generally-for the use of telecommunications networks to originate and terminate phone calls. On November 18, 2011, the FCC
released a Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking wherein it set forth a schedule which, over a period of
several years, substantially reduces terminating access rates. Since we both make payments to and receive payments from other
carriers for terminating long distance calls, the FCC s action has the effect of reducing payments we receive from other
carriers while also reducing our costs to terminate our long distance calls. The FCC has also raised the possibility - which it
has yet to conclusively act upon - that it will reduce originating access charges in a similar manner. Due to the nature of IDT s
business, IDT pays, but does not bill originating access charges. At this time we cannot predict the effect future FCC actions
may have upon our business.  

Customer
Proprietary Network Information  

  In
2007, the FCC increased its regulatory oversight of Customer Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI. The FCC took this increased
role in response to several high-profile cases of  pretexting,  which occurs when an individual secures, through deception,
from a communications provider the private phone records of another person. We have a CPNI compliance policy in place and we believe
we currently meet or exceed all FCC requirements for the protection of CPNI. However, we cannot be assured that we are in full
compliance and if the FCC were to conclude that we were not in compliance, we could be subject to fines or other forms of sanction.  

Straight
Path Spectrum LLC  

  On
September 20, 2016, we received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC requesting certain information and
materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary of ours and
currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave
Services. We intend to cooperate with the FCC in this matter and we are in the process of responding to the letter of inquiry.
The FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability on us related to activities during the period of
ownership by us. Further, should the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, we could be the subject of a claim from Straight Path
related to that liability.  

Regulation
of Telecom by State Public Utility Commissions  

  Our
telecommunications services that originate and terminate within the same state, including both local and in-state long distance
services are subject to the jurisdiction of that state s public utility commission. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended,
generally preempts state statutes and regulations that prevent the provision of competitive services, but permits state public
utility commissions to regulate the rates, terms and conditions of intrastate services, so long as such regulation is not inconsistent
with the requirements of federal law. We are certified to provide facilities-based and/or resold long distance service in all
50 states and facilities-based and resold local exchange service in 45 states. In addition to requiring certification, state regulatory
authorities may impose tariff and filing requirements, consumer protection measures, and obligations to contribute to universal
service and other funds. Rates for intrastate switched access services, which we both pay to local exchange companies and collect
from long-distance companies for terminating in-state toll calls, are subject to the jurisdiction of the state commissions. State
commissions also have jurisdiction to approve negotiated rates, or establish rates through arbitration, for interconnection, including
rates for unbundled network elements. Changes in those access charges or rates for unbundled network elements could have a substantial
and material impact on our business.  

Regulation
of Telecom International  

  In
connection with our international operations, we have obtained licenses or are otherwise authorized to provide telecommunications
services in various foreign countries. We have obtained licenses or authorizations in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada,
Chile, Denmark, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
the United Kingdom and Uruguay. In numerous countries where we operate or plan to operate, we are subject to many local laws and
regulations that, among other things, may restrict or limit the ability of telecommunications companies to provide telecommunications
services in competition with state-owned or state-sanctioned dominant carriers.  

Regulation
of Internet Telephony  

  The
use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is generally less regulated than traditional
switch-based telephony within the United States and abroad and, in many markets, is not subject to the imposition of certain taxes
and fees that increase our costs. As a result, IDT is able, in many markets, to offer VoIP communications services at rates that
are more attractive than those applicable to traditional telephone services. However, in the U.S. and abroad, there have been
efforts by legislatures and regulators to harmonize the regulatory structures between traditional switch-based telephony and VoIP.
This could result in additional fees, charges, taxes and regulations on IP communications services that could materially increase
our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. Additionally, several foreign governments have adopted
laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private
IP networks. These efforts could likewise harm our ability to offer VoIP communications services.  

Money
Transmitter and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations  

  Our
consumer payment services offerings include money transfer and various network branded (also called  open loop ) prepaid
card offerings. These industries are heavily regulated. Accordingly, we, and the products and services that we market in the area
of consumer payment services, are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including:  

Banking
                                         laws and regulations;    

Money
                                         transmitter and payment instrument laws and regulations;    

Anti-money
                                         laundering laws;    

Privacy
                                         and data security laws and regulations;    

Consumer
                                         protection laws and regulations;    

Unclaimed
                                         property laws; and    

Card
                                         association and network organization rules.    

In
connection with the development of our money transmission services and the expansion of our network branded prepaid card offerings,
we have actively pursued our own money transmitter licenses. At July 31, 2016, we had received a money transmitter license in
45 of the 47 U.S. states that require such a license, as well as in Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C., and had an application pending
in one additional state. During the last quarter of fiscal 2016, New Mexico and South Carolina issued legislations that require
money transmitter licenses, and we are in the process of applying for such licenses.  

Regulation
of Other Businesses   

  We
operate other smaller or early-stage initiatives and operations, which may be subject to federal, state, local or foreign law
and regulation.  

Intellectual
Property  

  We
rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain name registrations and trade secret laws in the United States
and other jurisdictions and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property rights and our brand names. All of our
employees sign confidentiality agreements. These agreements provide that the employee may not use or disclose our confidential
information except as expressly permitted in connection with the performance of his or her duties for us, or in other limited
circumstances. These agreements also state that, to the extent rights in any invention conceived by the employee while employed
by us do not vest in the Company automatically by operation of law, the employee is required to assign his or her rights to us.  

We
own approximately 100 trademark and service mark registrations and pending applications in the United States and at least 360
registrations and pending applications abroad. We protect our brands in the marketplace including the IDT, Boss Revolution and
Net2Phone brands. Where deemed appropriate, we have filed trademark applications throughout the world in an effort to protect
our trademarks. Where deemed appropriate, we have also filed patent applications in an effort to protect our patentable intellectual
property. IDT Corporation owns 12 issued patents and 5 patent applications in the United States and 14 patents issued abroad with
4 patent applications pending abroad.  

We
maintain a global telecommunications switching and transmission infrastructure that enables us to provide an array of telecommunications,
Internet access and Internet telephony services to our customers worldwide. We have domestic and foreign patents and patent applications
regarding our infrastructure and/or global telecommunication network for our international telecommunications traffic and the
international traffic of other telecommunications companies.  

Circumstances
outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection
may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect
our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could
harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any
increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating
results.  

Companies
in the telecommunications industry and other industries in which we compete own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks
and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights.
As we face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property claims against us grows. Although we do not believe
that we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party
claims or rights against their use.  

IDT
Telecom  

  In
addition to IDT Corporation s patents, our Net2Phone subsidiary currently owns 29 issued patents and has 3 pending patent
applications in the United States. Net2Phone has 5 foreign issued patents, and no patent applications pending abroad.  

Net2Phone
owns at least 15 trademark and service mark registrations and at least 2 pending applications in the United States. Net2Phone
owns at least 115 trademark and service mark registrations and at least 2 pending applications in various foreign countries. Net2Phone s
most important mark is  NET2PHONE.  Net2Phone has made a significant investment in protecting this mark, and Net2Phone
believes it has achieved recognition in the United States and abroad. Net2Phone is currently engaged in an international filing
program to file trademark applications for trademark registrations of the mark NET2PHONE in a number of foreign countries.  

Other  

  We
also currently own three patents and three pending patent applications and three registrations in the United States that relate
to business operations we oversee or businesses-in-development. We also own or license certain trademark and service mark registrations
and pending applications in the United States and additional registrations abroad.  

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT  

  We
incurred nil, $1.7 million and $10.0 million on research and development during fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively,
all related to Fabrix.  

EMPLOYEES  

  As
of October 1, 2016, we had a total of 1,159 employees, of which 1,134 are full-time employees.   

Item 1A.  Risk
Factors.  

RISK
FACTORS  

   Our
business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks as well
as the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions about regulation, competition and intellectual
property. The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline due to any of these risks.   

Risks
Related to Our Businesses  

Each
of our telecommunications lines of business is highly sensitive to declining prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and
margins.  

  The
worldwide telecommunications industry is characterized by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our
average per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively
price their services. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our retail and wholesale
markets, and we have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to our customers
in the form of lower prices. In the case of some international calling locations, when average per minute termination cost
declines to a nominal amount, indirect competitors such as wireless carriers may include calling those locations at no extra cost
adding increased risk of losing customers. For example, following regulatory changes intended to increase domestic competition
in the Mexican telecommunications market, the cost of terminating international calls to Mexico declined significantly. As a result,
many of our competitors, including some of the large U.S. mobile operators, began offering unlimited Mexico calling as part of
their monthly pricing plans, which caused a decline in our minutes of use and revenue. In July 2016, we significantly reduced
Boss Revolution s U.S. to Mexico calling rate, which accelerated the decline in our revenue.  

Any
increase by us in pricing may result in our prices not being as attractive, which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these
trends in pricing continue or increase, it could have a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our telecommunications
businesses and/or our gross margins.  

Because
our Boss Revolution and other retail products generate a significant portion of our revenue, our growth and our results of operations
are substantially dependent upon growth in these products.  

  We
compete in the international prepaid calling market with many of the established facilities-based carriers, such as AT T,
Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint, and with providers of alternative telecommunications services such as Mobile Virtual Network Operators
and other prepaid wireless providers. These companies are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering,
personnel and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and larger customer bases than we do.
The use by these competitors of their resources in or affecting the international prepaid calling market could significantly impact
our ability to compete against them successfully. In addition to these larger competitors, we face significant competition from
smaller prepaid calling providers, who from time-to-time offer rates that are substantially below our rates, and in some instances
below what we believe to be the cost to provide the service, in order to gain market share. This type of pricing by one or more
competitors can adversely affect our revenues, as they gain market share at our expense, and our gross margins, if we lower rates
in order to better compete.  

The
continued growth of Internet protocol-based calling (Over-The-Top) services, such as WhatsApp, has adversely affected the sales
of Boss Revolution and our other prepaid calling services. We expect the popularity of IP-based services - many of which offer
voice communications for free provided both the caller and recipient have a broadband connection - to continue to increase, which
may result in increased substitution and pricing pressure on our Boss Revolution and other international prepaid calling service
offerings.  

Certain
wireless operators have been rolling out unlimited international long distance plans that include international destinations to
which customers can place direct calls from their mobile phones without time limitation. These plans now include some of our most
popular international destinations. The growth of these  international unlimited  plans adversely affects our revenues
as these operators gain subscriber market share.  

We
may be unable to achieve some, all or any of the benefits that we expect to achieve from our preliminary plan to separate our
businesses into three separate entities.  

  On
June 1, 2016, we completed the separation of one of our businesses via a pro rata distribution of the common stock that we held
in our subsidiary Zedge to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. We believe that as a stand-alone,
independent public company, we will benefit by, among other things, allowing management to design and implement corporate
policies and strategies that are based solely on the characteristics of our business, focusing our financial resources solely
on our own operations, and implementing and maintaining a capital structure designed to meet our own specific needs. However,
we may not be able to achieve some or all of the benefits expected.  

Additionally,
by separating entities such as Zedge from us, there is a risk that we may be more susceptible to stock market fluctuations and
other adverse events than we would have been due to a reduction in market diversification.  

Following
the spin-offs, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to support the development of our business for the medium term, but there
can no assurance of such liquidity. In the future, however, we may require additional financing for capital requirements and growth
initiatives. Accordingly, we will depend on our ability to generate cash flows from operations and to borrow funds and issue securities
in the capital markets to maintain and expand our business. We may need to incur debt on terms and at interest rates that may
not be as favorable as those historically enjoyed by us. If additional financing is not available when required or is not available
on acceptable terms, we may be unable to operate our business as planned or at all, fund our expansion, successfully promote our
business, develop or enhance our products and services, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our products and business, financial condition and results of operations.  

We
expect that the aggregate market value of the three separate companies will exceed the market capitalization of all of the businesses
being operated by us because investors will be able to invest in a particular company that they are attracted to without having
to also invest in the other two companies. However, this expectation may be incorrect, and the aggregate value of the three separate
companies may be less than the market capitalization of the businesses being operated by us.  

We
may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations.  

  Most
of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to support our minutes-of-use demands
and geographic footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain
sufficient termination capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or may have to pay significant amounts to
obtain such capacity. This could result in our not being able to support our minutes-of-use demands or in higher cost-per-minute
to particular destinations, which could adversely affect our revenues and margins.  

The
termination of our carrier agreements with foreign partners or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future could
materially and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits.  

  We
rely upon our carrier agreements with foreign partners in order to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These
carrier agreements are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all
or on favorable terms to us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we
were unable to enter into carrier agreements in the future to provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which
could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits.  

As
more competitors offer international airtime top-up service, our ability to secure competitive direct or indirect, exclusive or
non-exclusive, agreements with international wireless operators could become more difficult or less attractive, thereby having
an adverse effect on our revenues and operations.  

Our
customers, particularly our Wholesale Carrier Services customers, could experience financial difficulties, which could adversely
affect our revenues and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables.  

  As
a provider of international long distance services, we depend upon sales of transmission and termination of traffic to other long
distance providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The wholesale telecommunications market continues to
feature many smaller, less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications industry or the global economy
reduces our ability to collect our accounts receivable from our major customers, particularly our wholesale customers, our profitability
may be substantially reduced. While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter,
our five largest Wholesale Carrier Services customers collectively accounted for 6.3% and 5.7% of total consolidated revenues
in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. Our Wholesale Carrier Services customers with the five largest receivables balances
collectively accounted for 21.5% and 24.1% of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. This concentration of revenues and receivables increases our exposure to non-payment by our larger customers, and
we may experience significant write-offs if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could adversely
affect our revenues and profitability.  

Our
revenues will suffer if our distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our Boss Revolution
voice and payment services, as well as our traditional disposable calling cards.  

  We
rely on our distributors and representatives to market and distribute our Boss Revolution products, our traditional disposable
prepaid calling card products, our international airtime top-up offerings and other payment services. We utilize a network of
several hundred sub-distributors that sell our Boss Revolution products, traditional disposable prepaid calling cards, and international
airtime top-up to retail outlets throughout most of the United States. In foreign countries, we are dependent upon our distributors
and independent sales representatives, many of which sell services or products for other companies. As a result, we cannot control
whether these foreign distributors and sales representatives will devote sufficient efforts to selling our services. In addition,
we may not succeed in finding capable distributors, retailers and sales representatives in new markets that we may enter. If our
distributors or sales representatives fail to effectively market or distribute our Boss Revolution products, prepaid calling card
products, international airtime top-up offerings and other services, our ability to generate revenues and grow our customer base
could be substantially impaired.  

Natural
or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our technological infrastructure.  

  Natural
disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security may
cause equipment failures or disrupt our operations. Our inability to operate our telecommunications networks as
a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in loss of revenue, significant expenses and/or loss of
market share to other communications providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.  

Certain
functions related to our business, particularly the business of IDT Telecom, depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers
to carry out its business, and the inability to do business with some or all of these suppliers could have a materially adverse
effect on our business and financial results.  

  Certain
functions related to our business, particularly the business of IDT Telecom, depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers
to carry out its business. If the services of any one of them were unavailable or available only in decreased capacity or at less
advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in service
and/or quality as the function is transitioned to an alternate provider, if any alternate provider is available, or could increase
our cost, which in the current competitive environment, we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of
these events could materially and negatively impact our business, our revenues, our margins, and our relationships with customers.  

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure
and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers.  

  To
be successful, we need to continue to have available, for our and our customers  use, a high capacity, reliable and secure
network. We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyber-attacks, malware, computer viruses,
sabotage, or other significant disruption of our IT infrastructure and related systems. As such, there is a risk of a security
breach or disruption of the systems we operate, including possible unauthorized access to our and our customers  proprietary
or classified information. We are also subject to breaches of our network resulting in unauthorized utilization of our services
or products, which subject us to the costs of providing those products or services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure
maintenance and transmission of our and our customer s information is a critical element of our operations. Our information
technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer information, or those of service providers or business partners,
may be compromised by a malicious third party penetration of our network security, or that of a third party service provider or
business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third party service
provider or business partner. As a result, our or our customers  information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without
the customers  consent, or our products and services may be used without payment.  

Although
we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there can be no
assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not
be successful or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyber-attacks and intrusions. We may be unable
to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures.
Certain of our business units have been the subject of attempted and successful cyber-attacks in the past. We have researched
the situations and do not believe any material information, internal or customer has been compromised.  

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper
functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in
the unauthorized use of our services or products without payment, (iii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction,
loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or
our customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise
harmful purposes and outcomes; (iv) require significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages
that result or to change our systems and processes; (v) subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, fines,
penalties, termination or other remedies; or (vi) result in a loss of business, damage our reputation among our customers
and the public generally, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to litigation. Any or all of which could have
a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  

We
could fail to comply with requirements imposed on us by certain third parties, including regulators.   

  An
increasingly significant portion of our telecom transactions are processed using credit cards and similar payment methods. As
we shift from sales through our traditional distribution channels to newer platforms, including Boss Revolution and platforms
utilized by our payment services business, that portion is expected to increase and that growth is dependent on utilizing such
payment methods. The banks, credit card companies and other relevant parties are imposing strict system and other requirements
in order to participate in such parties  payment systems. We are required to comply with the privacy provisions of various
federal and state privacy statutes and regulations, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, each of which is subject
to change at any time. Compliance with these requirements is often difficult and costly, and our failure, or our distributors 
failure, to comply may result in significant fines or civil penalties, regulatory enforcement action, liability under or termination
of necessary agreements related to our payment services business, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and/or operations and that of our distributors who could be liable as well. Further, as we move into more payment services
in addition to services and products that are solely telecommunications related, those operations may be subject to different
and more stringent requirements by regulators and trade organizations in various jurisdictions. Our payment services unit is subject
to federal and state banking regulations and we are also subject to further regulation by those states in which we are licensed
as a money transmitter. We may not be able to comply with all such requirements in a timely manner or remain in compliance. If
we are not in compliance, we could be subject to penalties or the termination of our rights to participate in such payment systems
or provide such services, which could have a material negative impact on our ability to carry on and grow our Retail Communications
and Payment Services operations.  

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition   

We
hold significant cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and investments that are subject to various market risks.  

  At
July 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $162.5 million and restricted cash and cash equivalents
of $98.8 million. At July 31, 2016, we also had $8.1 million in investments in hedge funds, which were included in  Investments 
in our consolidated balance sheet. Investments in marketable securities and hedge funds carry a degree of risk, as there can be
no assurance that we can redeem the hedge fund investments at any time and that our investment managers will be able to accurately
predict the course of price movements of securities and other instruments and, in general, the securities markets have in recent
years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our holdings of
cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and investments could be materially and adversely affected.  

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory and Litigation Risks   

We
provide communications services to consumers and are therefore subject to various Federal and state laws and regulations.  

  As
a provider of communications services to consumers, such as our Boss Revolution international calling service or our prepaid calling
card services, we are subject to various Federal and state laws and regulations relating to the manner in which we advertise our
services, describe and present the terms of our services, and communicate with our consumers. Compliance with these laws requires
us to be constantly vigilant as they often vary from state to state. Failure to comply with these laws could result in action
being taken by Federal and state agencies or offices responsible for consumer protection, like the Federal Trade Commission.  

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology.  

  We
depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely
on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection and contractual rights to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements
and other measures to provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to
more effectively compete with us and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

In
addition, we may be required to litigate in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets,
to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity.
Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such
litigation.  

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of others.  

  From
time to time we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by us of trademarks,
copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. Such suits can be expensive and time consuming and could distract
us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, loss of such suits could result in financial burdens and the requirement
to modify our modes of operation, which could materially adversely affect our business.  

We
are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved.  

  We
are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations. These audits
can cover periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities,
interest and penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity.  

Our
FCC Form 499-A filings for calendar years 2000 through 2006 related to payments to the Universal Service Fund have been audited
by the Internal Audit Division, or IAD, of the Universal Service Administrative Company, or USAC, which concluded that we incorrectly
reported certain revenues on Forms 499-A. USAC s revisions to our filing methodology resulted in additional regulatory payments
for the years covered by the audits. While we believe in the accuracy of our filing methodology and our Request for Review remains
pending, we have implemented some of the revisions set forth in the IAD s filings beginning with our calendar year 2010
Form 499-A. We have accrued for all regulatory fees we believe may be incurred under IAD s methodology from 2002 through
the present, in the event our Request for Review is denied and/or our methodology is not upheld on appeal, and we have made certain
payments on amounts that have been invoiced to us by USAC and/or other agencies. At July 31, 2016, our accrued expenses included
$47.5 million for these regulatory fees for the years covered by the audit and subsequent years through fiscal 2016. Until a final
decision has been reached in our disputes, we will continue to accrue in accordance with IAD s methodology. If we do not
properly calculate, or have not properly calculated, the amount payable by us to the Universal Service Fund, we may be subject
to interest and penalties.  

On
September 20, 2016, we received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC requesting certain information and
materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary of ours and
currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave
Services. We intend to cooperate with the FCC in this matter and we are in the process of responding to the letter of inquiry.
The FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability on us related to activities during the period of
ownership by us. Further, should the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, we could be the subject of a claim from Straight Path
related to that liability.  

We
are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may
be required to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our
distributors until the present, which may affect our business in an adverse manner.  

We
are also subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various other taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax,
communications services tax, gross receipts tax and property tax.  

Our
business is subject to strict regulation under federal law regarding anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing. Failure
to comply with such laws, or abuse of our programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, could have a material
adverse impact on our business.  

  Provisions
of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other federal laws impose substantial regulations on financial institutions that
are designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorist organizations. Increasing regulatory scrutiny of our industry
with respect to money laundering and terrorist financing matters could result in more aggressive enforcement of these laws or
the enactment of more onerous regulation, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, abuse of our
money transfer services or prepaid card programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, notwithstanding our
efforts to prevent such abuse through our regulatory compliance and risk management programs, could cause reputational or other
harm that would have a material adverse impact on our business.  

Our
business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity and
our failure, or the failure of one of our disbursement partners or payment processors to comply with those laws and regulations
could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

  Our
money transfer and network branded prepaid card services are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements
intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and other illicit activity. The interpretation
of those requirements by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with little notice.
Economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control,
or OFAC, prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain
circumstances, with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers
and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal, state and foreign legislative regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action
in these areas increase, we expect our costs to comply with these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to
comply with any of these requirements by us, our regulated retailers or our disbursement partners could result in the suspension
or revocation of a money transmitter license, the limitation, suspension or termination of our services, the seizure and/or forfeiture
of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines.  

The
foregoing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, unclear and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, making compliance
challenging. If we fail to update our compliance system to reflect legislative or regulatory developments, we could incur penalties.
New legislation, changes in laws or regulations, implementing rules and regulations, litigation, court rulings, changes in industry
practices or standards, changes in systems rules or requirements or other similar events could expose us to increased compliance
costs, liability, reputational damage, and could reduce the market value of our money transfer and network branded prepaid card
services or render them less profitable or obsolete.  

The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act, and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau could harm us and the scope of our activities, and could harm our operations, results of operations and financial condition.  

  The
Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in the United States on July 21, 2010, calls for significant structural reforms and new
substantive regulation across the financial services industry. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau, or CFPB, whose purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products
and services, including money transfer services.  

We
may be subject to examination by the CFPB, which has broad authority to enforce consumer financial laws. In July 2011, many consumer
financial protection functions formerly assigned to the federal banking agency and other agencies were transferred to the CFPB.
The CFPB has a large budget and staff and has broad authority with respect to our money transfer service and related business.
It is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education,
track consumer complaints, request data and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities.
In addition, the CFPB may adopt other regulations governing consumer financial services, including regulations defining unfair,
deceptive or abusive acts or practices, and new model disclosures. The CFPB s authority to change regulations adopted in
the past by other regulators, or to rescind or alter past regulatory guidance, could increase our compliance costs and litigation
exposure.  

The
Dodd-Frank Act establishes a Financial Stability Oversight Counsel that is authorized to designate as  systemically important 
non-bank financial companies and payment systems. Companies designated under either standard will become subject to new regulation
and regulatory supervision. If we were designated under either standard, the additional regulatory and supervisory requirements
could result in costly new compliance burdens or may require changes in the way we conduct business that could harm our business.  

We
are subject to licensing and other requirements imposed by U.S. state regulators, and the U.S. federal government. If we were
found to be subject to or in violation of any laws or regulations governing money transmitters, we could lose our licenses, be
subject to liability or be forced to change our business practices.    

  A
number of states have enacted legislation regulating money transmitters, with 47 states requiring a license as of July 31, 2016.
At July 31, 2016, we had obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter in 45 U.S. states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto
Rico, and had an application pending in one additional state. On January 1, 2017, an additional state (New Mexico) will require
such a license, and we have an application pending for the license. In June 2017, an additional state (South Carolina) will also
require such a license, and we plan to submit an application there. We are also registered as money services businesses with the
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or FinCEN. As a licensed money transmitter, we are
subject to bonding requirements, liquidity requirements, restrictions on our investment of customer funds, reporting requirements
and inspection by state and foreign regulatory agencies. If we were found to be subject to and in violation of any banking or
money services laws or regulations, we could be subject to liability or additional restrictions, such as increased liquidity requirements.
In addition, our licenses could be revoked or we could be forced to cease doing business or change our practices in certain states
or jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals that could impose a substantial cost on
us. Regulators could also impose other regulatory orders and sanctions on us. Any change to our business practices that makes
our service less attractive to customers or prohibits use of our services by residents of a particular jurisdiction could decrease
our transaction volume and harm our business.  

Our
disbursement partners generally are regulated institutions in their home jurisdiction, and money transfers are regulated by governments
in both the United States and in the jurisdiction of the recipient. If our disbursement partners fail to comply with applicable
laws, it could harm our business.  

  Money
transfers are regulated by state, federal and foreign governments. Many of our disbursement partners are banks that are heavily
regulated by their home jurisdictions. Our non-bank disbursement partners are also subject to money transfer regulations. We require
regulatory compliance as a condition to our continued relationship, perform due diligence on our disbursement partners and monitor
them periodically with the goal of meeting regulatory expectations. However, there are limits to the extent to which we can monitor
their regulatory compliance. Any determination that our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement partners have violated
laws and regulations could seriously damage our reputation, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating
costs. While our services are not directly regulated by governments outside the United States, except with respect to our Gibraltar
bank as discussed below, it is possible that in some cases we could be liable for the failure of our disbursement partners or
their sub-disbursement partners to comply with laws, which also could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Our
bank in Gibraltar is regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (the FSC), and, as such, is subject to Gibraltarian
and European Union laws relating to financial institutions. As an issuer of prepaid debit cards for programs operated by other
entities, commonly known as program managers, the bank is responsible, inter alia, for anti-money laundering laws oversight and
compliance. If we were to fail to implement the requisite controls or follow the rules and procedures mandated by the FSC and
applicable law, we could be subject to regulatory fines, and even the loss of our banking license. In fiscal 2016, a referendum
took place in the United Kingdom in which a majority voted in favor of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union
  commonly referred to as  Brexit . As a bank licensed in Europe, our bank in Gibraltar currently benefits from
its ability to passport its license to operate in any European Union member state. However, as a British territory, if Brexit
occurs, and no alternative arrangements are established with respect to licensing of British banks in the European Union, our
bank in Gibraltar may not be able to passport its license into European Union member states.  

We
receive, store, process and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal
obligations related to privacy. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business.    

  We
receive, store and process personal information and other customer data, including bank account numbers, credit and debit card
information, identification numbers and images of government identification cards. As a result, we are required to comply with
the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, or the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the Payment Card Industry Data
Security Standard. There are also numerous other federal, state and local laws around the world regarding privacy and the storing,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other customer data, the scope of which are changing,
subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions or conflict with other applicable
rules. It is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction
to another and may conflict with other rules or our business practices.  

Additionally,
with advances in computer capabilities and data protection requirements to address ongoing threats, we may be required to expend
significant capital and other resources to protect against potential security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security
breaches.  

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other
third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release
or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines
or litigation. If there is a breach of credit or debit card information that we store, we could also be liable to the issuing
banks for their cost of issuing new cards and related expenses. In addition, a significant breach could result in our being prohibited
from processing transactions for any of the relevant network organizations, such as Visa or MasterCard, which would harm our business.
If any third parties with whom we work, such as marketing partners, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies,
such violations may put our customers  information at risk and could harm our business. Any negative publicity arising out
of a data breach or failure to comply with applicable privacy requirements could damage our reputation and cause our customers
to lose trust in us, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial position and potential for growth.  

Federal
and state regulations may be passed that could harm our business.  

  Our
ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are
not currently subject to the same level of regulation as traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private
IP networks to provide voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several foreign
governments have adopted laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services
over the Internet or private IP networks. If interconnected VoIP services become subject to state regulation and/or additional
regulation by the FCC, such regulation will likely lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate the competitive advantage interconnected
VoIP holds, by virtue of its lesser regulatory oversight, over traditional telecommunications services. More aggressive regulation
of the Internet in general, and Internet telephony providers and services specifically, may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Our
ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable,
complicated and often uncertain.  

  Regulatory
treatment outside the United States varies from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers
that may be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these
laws and regulations could reduce our revenue and profitability, or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory
developments such as these could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.  

In
many countries in which we operate or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is unclear.
We cannot be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal
requirements in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future requirements, and/or
that they or we will continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business
to comply with these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

While
we expect additional regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory
environment as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new
laws in these areas will have on us, if any. For a complete discussion of what we believe are the most material regulations impacting
our business, see Item 1 to Part I  Business-Regulation  included elsewhere in this Annual Report.  

We
are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

  Various
legal proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure   

Holders
of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock.  

  Holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled
to vote, while holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders
of our Class B common stock to influence our management is limited.  

We
are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management.  

 Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board and founder, has voting
power over  2,332,301 shares of our common stock (which
includes 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a
1-for-1 basis, and 757,975 shares of our Class B common stock), representing approximately 70.0% of the combined voting power
of our outstanding capital stock, as of October 10, 2016. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters requiring approval by
our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including
any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders
to influence our management is limited.  

Item
1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.   

  None.  

Item
2.  Properties.  

  Our
headquarters is located in a building that we own in Newark, New Jersey. The building is approximately 500,000 square feet. We
occupy approximately 20% of the building. We also own an 800-car parking garage located across the street from the building.  

In
addition, we own a building in Piscataway, New Jersey that is used partially by IDT Telecom for certain of its operations and
a 12,400 square foot condominium interest in a building in Jerusalem, Israel.  

We
lease space in New York, New York for corporate purposes as well as a number of other locations in metropolitan areas. These leased
spaces are utilized primarily to house telecommunications equipment and retail operations.  

We
maintain our European headquarters in London, England. We also maintain other various international office locations and telecommunications
facilities in regions of Europe, South America, Central America, the Middle East, Asia and Africa where we conduct operations.  

Item
3.  Legal Proceedings.  

  On
May 5, 2004, we filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, seeking injunctive relief
and damages against Tyco Group, S.A.R.L., Tyco Telecommunications (US) Inc. (f/k/a TyCom (US) Inc.), Tyco International, Ltd.,
Tyco International (US) Inc., and TyCom Ltd. (collectively  Tyco ). We alleged that Tyco breached a settlement agreement
that it had entered into with us to resolve certain disputes and civil actions among the parties. We alleged that Tyco did not
provide us, as required under the settlement agreement, free of charge and for our exclusive use, a 15-year indefeasible right
to use four Wavelengths in Ring Configuration (as defined in the settlement agreement) on a global undersea fiber optic network
that Tyco was deploying at that time. After extensive proceedings, including several decisions and appeals, the New York Court
of Appeals affirmed a lower court decision to dismiss our claim and denied our motion for re-argument of that decision. On June
23, 2015, we filed a new summons and complaint against Tyco in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York
alleging that Tyco breached the settlement agreement. In September 2015, Tyco filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which we
opposed. Oral arguments were held on March 9, 2016. The parties are awaiting a decision from the Court.  

In
addition to the foregoing, we are subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have
not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, we believe that none of the other legal proceedings
to which we are a party will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

  Not
applicable.  

Part
II  

Item
5.  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

PRICE
RANGE OF COMMON STOCK   

  Our
Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  IDT.   

The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices for
our Class B common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange for the fiscal periods indicated. 
On June 1, 2016, we completed the Zedge Spin-Off, in which each of our stockholders received one share of Zedge Class A common
stock for every three shares of our Class A common stock and one share of Zedge Class B common stock for every three shares of
our Class B common stock held of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016.  

On
October 5, 2016, there were 490 holders of record of our Class B common stock and 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock.
All shares of Class A common stock are beneficially owned by Howard Jonas. The number of holders of record of our Class B common
stock does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in  street name  accounts through brokers.
On October 5, 2016, the last sales price reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the Class B common stock was $17.35 per share.  

Additional
information regarding dividends required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Management s Discussion and
Analysis section found in Item 7 and from Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting,
which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated
by reference herein.  

Performance
Graph of Stock  

  The
line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class B common stock with the cumulative total return
of the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and the Standard   Poor s Telecommunication Services Index for the five
years ended July 31, 2016. The graph and table assume that $100 was invested on July 31, 2011 (the last day of trading for the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2011) in shares of our Class B common stock, and that all dividends were reinvested. Cumulative total
return for our Class B common stock includes the value of spin-offs consummated by IDT (i.e., pro rata distributions of the common
stock of a subsidiary to our stockholders). Cumulative total stockholder returns for our Class B common stock, the NYSE Composite
Index and the S P Telecommunication Services Index are based on our fiscal year.  

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities   

  The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  

(1)    On
                                         January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase
                                         up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock and cancelled the previous stock
                                         repurchase program originally approved by the Board of Directors on June 13, 2006, which
                                         had 4,636,741 shares remaining available for repurchase.    

Item
6.  Selected Financial Data.  

  The
selected consolidated financial data presented below for each of the fiscal years in the five-year period ended July 31, 2016
has been derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered
public accounting firm. The selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the Notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report.   

(a)    Included
                                         in income from continuing operations in fiscal 2016 was gain on sale of member interest
                                         in Visa Europe Ltd. of $7.5 million and gain on sale of interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd.
                                         of $1.1 million. Included in income from continuing operations in fiscal 2015 was gain
                                         on sale of interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd. of $76.9 million.    

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

  This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words  believes,   anticipates, 
 expects,   plans,   intends  and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any
forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors,
risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A
to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual
Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could
differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information set forth in this
report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K.  

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item
8 of this Annual Report.  

OVERVIEW  

 We are a multinational holding company with operations primarily
in the telecommunications and payment industries. We have two reportable business segments, Telecom Platform Services and Consumer
Phone Services. Telecom Platform Services provides retail telecommunications and payment offerings as well as wholesale international
long distance traffic termination. Consumer Phone Services provides consumer local and long distance services in certain U.S.
states. Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services comprise our IDT Telecom division. Operating segments not reportable
individually are included in All Other. Prior to the Zedge Spin-Off, All Other included Zedge, which provides a content platform
that enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free, high quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons
and notification sounds. All Other also includes our real estate holdings and other smaller businesses. Until the sale of Fabrix
in October 2014, All Other also included Fabrix, a software development company offering a cloud-based scale-out storage and computing
platform optimized for big data, virtualization and media storage, processing and delivery. 

On
June 1, 2016, we completed a pro rata distribution of the common stock that we held in our subsidiary Zedge to our stockholders
of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria to be reported as a
discontinued operation and accordingly, its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have not been reclassified.
In connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, each of our stockholders received one share of Zedge Class A common stock for every three
shares of our Class A common stock, and one share of Zedge Class B common stock for every three shares of our Class B common stock,
held of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. We received a legal opinion that the Zedge Spin-Off should qualify
as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  

We
entered into various agreements with Zedge prior to the Zedge Spin-Off including (1) a Separation and Distribution Agreement to
effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Zedge after the Zedge Spin-Off, (2) a Tax Separation Agreement,
which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Zedge with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local
and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Zedge Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods
and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods, and (3) a Transition Services Agreement, which provides
for certain services to be performed by us to facilitate Zedge s transition into a separate publicly-traded company. Pursuant
to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, the Company indemnifies Zedge and Zedge indemnifies the Company
for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, Zedge indemnifies the Company from all
liability for taxes of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business accruing after the Zedge
Spin-Off, and the Company indemnifies Zedge from all liability for taxes of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating
to Zedge s business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Zedge Spin-Off. Pursuant to the Transition Services
Agreement, we provide to Zedge certain administrative and other services, among other things, including services relating to payroll
processing and employee benefits administration, finance, accounting, tax, internal audit, investor relations and legal.  

In
August 2015, our Board of Directors approved a plan to reorganize us into three separate entities by spinning off two business
units to our stockholders, one of which was Zedge. The remaining components of the reorganization are subject to change as well
as both internal and third party contingencies, and must receive final approval from our Board of Directors and certain third
parties. We continue to advance the effort on the remainder of the reorganization.  

On
December 7, 2015, we approved an investment of up to $10 million in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Cornerstone, which
is a clinical stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies targeting
cancer metabolism that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. The initial $2 million investment
was funded as follows: $500,000 upon signing the Subscription and Loan Agreement on January 21, 2016, $50,000 on March 23,
2016, and $1.45 million on April 14, 2016. The initial $2 million investment was in exchange for Cornerstone s 3.5% convertible
promissory notes due 2018. The remaining $8 million was funded in August and September 2016. In September 2016, Cornerstone issued
to our controlled 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma Holdings, LLC, or CS Pharma, a convertible promissory note with a principal
amount of $10 million (the Series D Note) representing the $8 million investment funded on such date plus the conversion of the
$2 million principal amount convertible promissory notes issued in connection with the previous funding. The Cornerstone Series
D Note earns interest at 3.5% per annum, with principal and accrued interest due and payable on September 16, 2018. The Series
D Note is convertible at the holder s option into shares of Cornerstone s Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Note
also includes a mandatory conversion into Cornerstone common stock upon a qualified initial public offering, and conversion at
the holder s option upon an unqualified financing event. In all cases, the Series D Note conversion price is based on the
applicable financing purchase price. We and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of Cornerstone
representing up to 56% of the then issued and outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, on an as-converted and fully diluted basis.
The right to exercise warrants as to the first $10 million thereof is held by CS Pharma and the remainder is owned by us. The
minimum initial and subsequent exercises of the warrant shall be for such number of shares that will result in at least $5 million
of gross proceeds to Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as represents 5% of the outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, or such
lesser amount as may then remain unexercised. The warrant will expire upon the earlier of December 31, 2020 or a qualified initial
public offering or liquidation event.  

In
addition to interests issued to us, CS Pharma has issued member interests to third parties in exchange for cash investment in
CS Pharma of $10 million. At July 31, 2016, CS Pharma had received $8.8 million of such investment and the remaining $1.2 million
was received in September 2016. We hold a 50% interest in CS Pharma and we are the managing member. It is expected that CS Pharma
will use its cash to invest in Cornerstone.  

Howard
Jonas, our Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer, is a director of Cornerstone and was appointed its Chairman
of the Board in April 2016. Howard and Deborah Jonas jointly own $525,000 of Series C Convertible Notes of Cornerstone, and The
Howard S. and Deborah Jonas Foundation owns an additional $525,000 of Series C Notes.  

Cornerstone is a variable interest entity, however, we have determined
that we are not the primary beneficiary as we do not have the power to direct the activities of Cornerstone that most significantly
impact Cornerstone s economic performance. 

IDT
Telecom  

  Since
our inception, we have derived the majority of our revenues and operating expenses from IDT Telecom s businesses. IDT Telecom s
revenues represented 99.2%, 99.0% and 98.5% of our total revenues from continuing operations in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2014, respectively.  

Telecom
Platform Services, which represented 99.5%, 99.4% and 99.3% of IDT Telecom s total revenues in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015
and fiscal 2014, respectively, markets and distributes multiple communications and payment services across four broad business
verticals:  

Retail
                                         Communications provides international long-distance calling products primarily to foreign-born
                                         communities worldwide, with its core markets in the United States;    

Wholesale
                                         Carrier Services is a global telecom carrier, terminating international long distance
                                         calls around the world for Tier 1 fixed line and mobile network operators, as well as
                                         other service providers;    

Payment
                                         Services provides payment offerings, including international and domestic airtime top-up
                                         and international money transfer; and    

Hosted
                                         Platform Solutions provides customized communications services that leverage our proprietary
                                         networks, platforms and/or technology to cable companies and other service providers.    

Boss
Revolution PIN-less, which allows our customers to call overseas without the need to enter a PIN, has largely replaced revenues
from our traditional disposable calling cards. International airtime top-up, which enables customers to purchase airtime for a
prepaid mobile telephone in another country, appeals to residents of developed countries such as the United States who regularly
communicate with or financially support friends or family members in a developing country. Boss Revolution PIN-less and international
airtime top-up represent successful efforts to leverage our existing capabilities and distribution. Although Boss Revolution PIN-less
and international airtime top-up generally have lower gross margins than our traditional disposable calling cards, we believe
that customers tend to continue using these products over a longer period of time thereby allowing us to generate higher revenues
and longer lifetime value per user. The Boss Revolution platform provides us with a direct, real-time relationship with all of
our participating retailers, resulting in a cost-effective and adaptable distribution model that can rapidly respond to changes
in the business environment.  

Our
Consumer Phone Services segment provides consumer local and long distance services in the United States. Since calendar 2005,
this business has been in harvest mode, wherein we seek to retain existing customers but do not actively market to new customers,
and we attempt to maximize profits by optimally managing both the life-cycle of our customer base as well as the costs associated
with operating this business.  

Our
international prepaid calling business worldwide sells the great majority of its products to distributors at a discount to their
face value, and records the sales as deferred revenues. These deferred revenues are recognized as revenues when telecommunications
services are provided and/or administrative fees are imposed. International prepaid calling revenues tend to be somewhat seasonal,
with the second fiscal quarter (which contains Christmas and New Year s Day) and the fourth fiscal quarter (which contains
Mother s Day and Father s Day) typically showing higher minute volumes.  

Direct
costs related to our telecom businesses consist primarily of three major categories: termination and origination costs, toll-free
costs and network costs.  

Termination
costs represent costs associated with the transmission and termination of international and domestic long distance services. We
terminate our traffic via the arbitrage market or through direct interconnections with other carriers. This cost is primarily
variable, with a price paid on a per-minute basis. Origination costs relating to our Consumer Phone Services segment consists
primarily of leased lines from the RBOCs, which are billed to us as a monthly fee. Toll-free costs are variable costs paid to
providers of toll-free services.  

Network
costs, which are also called connectivity costs, are fixed for a range of minutes of use, and include customer/carrier interconnect
charges and leased fiber circuit charges. Local circuits are generally leased for a 12 to 24 month term, while long haul circuits
generally are leased for longer terms. Although these are not purely variable costs, where the cost increases for each additional
minute carried on our suppliers  networks, increases in minutes will likely result in incrementally higher network costs.  

Direct
costs related to our telecom business include an estimate of charges for which invoices have not yet been received, and estimated
amounts for pending disputes with other carriers. Subsequent adjustments to these estimates may occur after the invoices are received
for the actual costs incurred, but these adjustments generally are not material to our results of operations.  

Selling
expenses in IDT Telecom consist primarily of sales commissions paid to internal salespersons and independent agents, and advertising
costs, which are the primary costs associated with the acquisition of customers. General and administrative expenses include employee
compensation, benefits, professional fees, rent and other administrative costs. IDT Telecom s Retail Communications offerings
generally have higher selling, general and administrative expenses than the Wholesale Carrier Services business.  

Concentration
of Customers  

  Our
most significant customers typically include telecom carriers to whom IDT Telecom provides wholesale telecommunications services
and distributors of IDT Telecom s international prepaid calling products. While they may vary from quarter to quarter, our
five largest customers collectively accounted for 11.2%, 11.2% and 12.0% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2016, fiscal
2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. Our customers with the five largest receivables balances collectively accounted for 23.0%
and 24.1% of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This concentration of customers
increases our risk associated with nonpayment by those customers. In an effort to reduce our risk, we perform ongoing credit evaluations
of our significant retail, wholesale and cable telephony customers, and in some cases, do not offer credit terms to customers,
choosing instead to require prepayment. Historically, when we have issued credit, we have not required collateral to support trade
accounts receivables from our customers. However, when necessary, IDT Telecom has imposed stricter credit restrictions on its
customers. In some cases, this has resulted in IDT Telecom sharply curtailing, or ceasing completely, sales to certain customers.
IDT Telecom attempts to mitigate its credit risk related to specific wholesale carrier services customers by also buying services
from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset its payables and receivables with the customer. In this way, IDT
Telecom can continue to sell services to these customers while reducing its receivable exposure risk. When it is practical to
do so, IDT Telecom will increase its purchases from wholesale carrier services customers with receivable balances that exceed
IDT Telecom s applicable payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce its credit risk.  

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

  Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective or complex
judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting
policies include those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill, valuation of long-lived and intangible assets,
income taxes and regulatory agency fees, and IDT Telecom direct cost of revenues disputed amounts. Management bases its
estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies.  

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

  We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses that result from the inability or unwillingness of our customers
to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $4.8 million and $5.6 million at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable increased to 8.9% at July 31, 2016 from
8.8% at July 31, 2015 as a result of a 15.7% decrease in the gross accounts receivable balance and a 14.6% decline in the allowance
balance. Our allowance is determined based on known troubled accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence.
Our estimates of recoverability of customer accounts may change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in
our strategy, which may impact our allowance for doubtful accounts balance. We continually assess the likelihood of potential
amounts or ranges of recoverability and adjust our allowance accordingly; however, actual collections and write-offs of trade
accounts receivables may materially differ from our estimates.  

Goodwill  

  Our
goodwill balance of $11.2 million at July 31, 2016 was attributable to our Retail Communications reporting unit in our Telecom
Platform Services segment. Goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized. These assets
are reviewed annually (or more frequently under various conditions) for impairment using a fair value approach. Intangible assets
with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives.  

The
goodwill impairment assessment involves estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying amount,
which is known as Step 1. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, Step 2 is performed to
determine if an impairment of goodwill is required. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using discounted cash flow
methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. Goodwill impairment is measured by the excess of the
carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over its implied fair value.  

We
have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative
goodwill impairment test. However, we may elect to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications
of a potential impairment exist.  

For
Retail Communications  annual impairment test in fiscal 2016, since its estimated fair value substantially exceeded its
carrying value in Step 1, it was not necessary to perform Step 2. For Retail Communications  annual impairment test in fiscal
2015, we qualitatively assessed whether it was more likely than not that a goodwill impairment existed and concluded that a goodwill
impairment did not exist. In fiscal 2015, Zedge s estimated fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value in Step
1, therefore it was not necessary to perform Step 2. In addition, we do not believe Retail Communications is currently at risk
of failing Step 1. Calculating the fair value of the reporting units, and allocating the estimated fair value to all of the tangible
assets, intangible assets and liabilities, requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates
or assumptions regarding the fair value of our reporting units prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments
of goodwill in future periods and such impairments could be material.  

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets including Intangible Assets with Finite Useful Lives  

We
test the recoverability of our long-lived assets including identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of any such asset may not be recoverable. Such events or changes
in circumstances include:  

significant
                                         actual underperformance relative to expected performance or projected future operating
                                         results;    

significant
                                         changes in the manner or use of the asset or the strategy of our overall business;    

significant
                                         adverse changes in the business climate in which we operate; and    

loss
                                         of a significant contract.    

If
we determine that the carrying value of certain long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we test for impairment based on the
projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than
the carrying value of the asset, we will record an impairment loss based on the difference between the estimated fair value and
the carrying value of the asset. We generally measure fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets or by discounting
estimated future cash flows from the asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair value estimates
require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, we may
be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material.  

Income
Taxes and Regulatory Agency Fees  

  Our
current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowance, as well as telecom regulatory agency fee accruals, are impacted
by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with special and non-routine items.
Assessment of the appropriate amount and classification of income taxes and certain regulatory agency fees is dependent on several
factors, including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets, the results of regulatory fee-related
audits, changes in tax laws or regulatory agency rules and regulations, as well as unanticipated future actions impacting related
accruals of regulatory agency fees.  

The valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets was
$158.4 million and $155.4 million at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In fiscal 2014, we determined that our valuation allowance
on the losses of IDT Global, a U.K. subsidiary, were no longer required due to an internal reorganization that generated income
and a projection that the income would continue. We recorded a benefit from income taxes of $4.1 million in fiscal 2014 from the
full recognition of the IDT Global deferred tax assets. 

We
have not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings, as such earnings are permanently reinvested outside the United
States. The cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in accumulated deficit in our consolidated balance sheets,
and consisted of approximately $324 million and $353 million at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Upon distribution of these
foreign earnings to our domestic entities, we may be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding of foreign taxes, however, it
is not practicable to determine the amount, if any, which would be paid.  

Our
FCC Form 499-A filings for calendar years 2000 through 2006 related to payments to the Universal Service Fund have been audited
by the IAD of USAC, which concluded that we incorrectly reported certain revenues on Forms 499-A. USAC s revisions to our
filing methodology resulted in additional regulatory payments for the years covered by the audits. While we believe in the accuracy
of our filing methodology and our Request for Review remains pending, we have implemented some of the revisions set forth in the
IAD s filings beginning with our calendar year 2010 Form 499-A. We have accrued for all regulatory fees we believe may be
incurred under IAD s methodology from 2002 through the present, in the event our Request for Review is denied and/or our
methodology is not upheld on appeal, and we have made certain payments on amounts that have been invoiced to us by USAC and/or
other agencies. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, our accrued expenses included $47.5 million and $49.9 million, respectively, for
these regulatory fees for the years covered by the audit and subsequent years. Until a final decision is reached in our disputes,
we will continue to accrue in accordance with IAD s methodology. If we do not properly calculate, or have not properly calculated,
the amount payable by us to the Universal Service Fund, we may be subject to interest and penalties.  

IDT
Telecom Direct Cost of Revenues Disputed Amounts  

 IDT Telecom s direct cost of revenues includes estimated
amounts for pending disputes with other carriers. The billing disputes typically arise from differences in minutes of use and/or
rates charged by carriers that provide service to us. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there was $21.3 million and $22.6 million, respectively,
in outstanding carrier payable disputes, for which we recorded direct cost of revenues of $9.0 million and $9.6 million, respectively.
We consider various factors to determine the amount to accrue for pending disputes, including (1) our historical experience in
dispute resolution, (2) the basis of disputes, (3) the financial status and our current relationship with vendors and (4) our
aging of prior disputes. Subsequent adjustments to our estimates may occur when disputes are resolved or abandoned, but these
adjustments are generally not material to our results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that revisions to our
estimates will not be material to our results of operations in the future. 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARD NOT YET ADOPTED  

  In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued a
comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under U.S.
GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition project were to clarify and
converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline and enhance
revenue recognition requirements. We will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have the option of using either a full
retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. We are evaluating the impact that the standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, to provide more information about recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among other changes, the following: (1)
equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation) will be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting period to identify impairment
of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial liabilities will be presented
separately by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements,
and (4) an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities
in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized holding
gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income. In addition, a practicability
exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and do not qualify for the
net asset value practical expedient. These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting
from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Entities will
have to reassess at each reporting period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability exception. We will adopt the
amendments in this ASU on August 1, 2018. We are evaluating the impact that the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use, or ROU,
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are evaluating the impact that the
new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. We will adopt the new standard on August 1,
2017. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2020. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS  

Year
Ended July 31, 2016 compared to Years Ended July 31, 2015 and 2014  

  The
following table sets forth certain items in our statements of income as a percentage of our total revenues from continuing operations:  

We
evaluate the performance of our operating business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the
income and expense line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results
of operations.  

IDT
Telecom Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services Segments  

Revenues.
 IDT Telecom revenues decreased in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year due to decreases in both Telecom
Platform Services  and Consumer Phone Services  revenues. Telecom Platform Services  revenues, minutes of use
and average revenue per minute for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 consisted of the following:  

Retail
Communications  revenue decreased 8.6% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Revenue from our Boss Revolution international
calling service, which is Retail Communications  most significant offering, declined 2.9% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
2015 due primarily to a decline in minutes of use and revenue from calls made in the U.S. and terminating in Mexico. Following
regulatory changes intended to increase domestic competition in the Mexican telecommunications market, the cost of terminating
international calls to Mexico declined significantly. As a result, many of our competitors, including some of the large U.S. mobile
operators, began offering unlimited Mexico calling as part of their monthly pricing plans, which caused a decline in our minutes
of use and revenue. In July 2016, we significantly reduced Boss Revolution s U.S. to Mexico calling rate, which accelerated
the decline in our revenue. In addition, the decrease in Retail Communications  revenue in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
2015 was due to continuing revenue declines in Europe, South America and Asia, and continuing revenue declines from traditional
disposable calling cards in the U.S. Retail Communications  minutes of use decreased 8.6% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
2015 because of decreases in Boss Revolution and traditional disposable calling cards  minutes of use. In addition, minutes
of use decreased in Europe, South America and Asia in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. We are currently beta testing the next
version of the Boss Revolution app that includes free peer-to-peer voice calling and instant messaging. We expect the updated
app will increase Boss Revolution s market penetration and enhance the brand. Retail Communications  revenues grew
5.6% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 due to increased penetration of Boss Revolution within our U.S. retail distribution
network, partially offset by continued declines in sales of traditional disposable calling cards and retail sales in Europe. Retail
Communications minutes of use decreased 5.2% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 because the increase in Boss Revolution minutes
of use in the U.S. was more than offset by the decrease in traditional disposable calling cards  minutes of use plus the
decrease in minutes of use in Europe and Asia. Retail Communications revenue comprised 45.5%, 46.7% and 43.1% of Telecom Platform
Services  revenue in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Wholesale
Carrier Services  revenues declined 6.1% and 12.1% in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, compared to the prior fiscal
year. In fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year, the traffic mix shifted towards lower revenue per minute
destinations and certain exchange rate driven arbitrage-pricing opportunities in Latin America declined. Wholesale Carrier Services
minutes of use decreased 1.1% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and increased 0.5% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.
The decrease in fiscal 2016 minutes of use compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in carrier sales partially
offset by an increase in our web-based prepaid termination service. The increase in fiscal 2015 minutes of use compared to fiscal
2014 was primarily due to a slight increase in carrier sales as well as an increase in our web-based prepaid termination service.
Wholesale Carrier Services revenue comprised 37.6%, 37.6% and 41.6 % of Telecom Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016,
fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Payment
Services  revenues grew 5.2% and 3.0% in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, compared to the prior fiscal year. The
increase in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase in international airtime top-up revenue, as well
as an increase in revenue from our international money transfer service. The increase in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was
due to an increase in international and domestic airtime top-up revenue, as well as increases in revenue from our international
money transfer service and from IDT Financial Services Ltd., our Gibraltar-based bank. In fiscal 2014, we initiated an international
money transfer service on a limited basis over our Boss Revolution platform. At July 31, 2016, we had money transmitter licenses
in 45 of the 47 U.S. states that require such a license, as well as in Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C., and have an application
pending in one additional state. Future growth is expected from geographic expansion of our international money transfer service,
as well as from the launch of a Boss Revolution mobile app for payments, including money transfer and international airtime top-up.
Payment Services revenue comprised 14.8%, 13.3% and 12.5% of Telecom Platform Services  revenue in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015
and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Hosted
Platform Solutions  revenues declined 18.5% and 14.9% in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, compared to the prior
fiscal year. The declines were due to decreases in revenues from managed services and from our cable telephony business. Within
our cable telephony business, we renewed multi-year contracts with key cable telephony customers in the second half of fiscal
2014, but at lower rates, reflecting the long-term decline in the underlying costs of hosted telephony services. In addition,
several of our other hosted managed services operators are continuing to experience attrition in their customer base. From a product
perspective, we continue to develop our Net2Phone Hosted PBX, SIP trunking and other telephony cloud-based solutions to try to
increase our revenues. Hosted Platform Solutions revenue comprised 2.1%, 2.4% and 2.8% of Telecom Platform Services  revenues
in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. Hosted Platform Solutions minutes of use decreased 7.5% and 8.7% in
fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, compared to the prior fiscal year. In fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, the decrease
was primarily the result of the decline in minutes of use from managed services. In fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, the decrease
was primarily a result of the decline in minutes of use from managed services and cable telephony customers. In general, since
our Hosted Platform Solutions business  revenues and cash flows are driven far more by the number of existing subscribers
in the form of a per-subscriber fee rather than by subscriber minutes of use, we do not view Hosted Platform Solutions minutes
of use as a significant metric for evaluating that business  performance.  

Consumer
Phone Services  revenues declined 20.3% and 21.7% in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, compared to the prior fiscal
year, as we continued to operate the business in harvest mode. This strategy has been in effect since calendar 2005 when the FCC
decided to terminate the UNE-P pricing regime, which resulted in significantly inferior economics in the operating model for this
business. The customer base for our bundled, unlimited local and long distance services business was approximately 4,200 at July
31, 2016 compared to 5,100 at July 31, 2015 and 6,200 at July 31, 2014. We currently offer local service in the following 11 states:
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, West Virginia, Maine, Rhode Island and California.
In addition, the customer base for our long distance-only services was approximately 18,100 at July 31, 2016 compared to 22,700
at July 31, 2015 and 28,500 at July 31, 2014. We anticipate that Consumer Phone Services  customer base and revenues will
continue to decline. Minutes of use relating to our Consumer Phone Services segment is not tracked as a meaningful business metric
as the domestic traffic generated by this segment is not carried on our network, and the international traffic generated by this
segment, though carried on our own network, is insignificant.  

Direct
Cost of Revenues.  Direct cost of revenues in Telecom Platform Services decreased in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to
the prior fiscal year mainly due to the decreases in Telecom Platform Services  revenues and minutes of use in fiscal 2016
and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year. Direct cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in Telecom Platform Services
was unchanged in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year. The loss of revenue from the relatively high margin
exchange-rate driven arbitrage pricing opportunities in Latin American, the decline in margin contribution from the cable telephony
business, and pricing pressure on airtime top-up offerings in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year were
offset by an increase in Retail Communications  average revenue per minute.  

Direct
cost of revenues in our Consumer Phone Services segment decreased in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior fiscal
year primarily because of the declining customer base.  

Selling,
General and Administrative.  Selling, general and administrative expenses in our Telecom Platform Services segment decreased
in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to decreases in employee compensation, marketing and advertising costs, call
center expenses, internal sales commissions and facilities expense. The decrease in employee compensation was the result of headcount
reductions in fiscal 2015 that were partially offset by annual payroll increases. Selling, general and administrative expenses
in our Telecom Platform Services segment increased slightly in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to increases
in marketing, advertising and internal commission costs partially offset by a decrease in employee compensation. The employee
compensation decrease was the result of the workforce reduction in February and March 2015 that was partially offset by annual
payroll increases. As a percentage of Telecom Platform Services  revenues, Telecom Platform Services  selling, general
and administrative expenses were 12.6%, 12.7% and 12.3% in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses in our Consumer Phone Services segment decreased in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to
the prior fiscal year as the cost structure for this segment continued to be right-sized to the needs of its declining revenue
base.  

Depreciation
and Amortization . The increase in depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 compared to the prior
fiscal year was due to increases in depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing internal use software.  

nm not
meaningful  

Severance
Expense.  In July 2016, we completed a reduction of our workforce, and IDT Telecom incurred severance expense of $6.2 million.
In addition, in February and March 2015, we completed a reduction of our workforce. As a result, IDT Telecom incurred severance
expense of $5.8 million in fiscal 2015. In addition, severance expense in fiscal 2015 included $1.9 million due to a downsizing
of certain Telecom Platform Services  sales and administrative functions in Europe and the U.S.  

Gain
on Sale of Member Interest in Visa Europe Ltd.  In June 2016, Visa Inc. acquired Visa Europe Limited for cash, shares of Visa
Inc. Series C preferred stock and a deferred cash payment. IDT Financial Services Ltd., our Gibraltar-based bank, was a member
of Visa Europe and received cash of  5.0 million ($5.6 million on the acquisition date), 1,830 shares of Series C preferred
stock and deferred payment receivable of  0.4 million ($0.5 million on the acquisition date). At July 31, 2016, the carrying
value of the shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock was $1.6 million. The 1,830 shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock
are convertible into 25,532 shares of Visa Inc. Class A common stock. The shares of preferred stock become fully convertible in
2028. Beginning in 2020, Visa Inc. will assess whether it is appropriate to effect a partial conversion. The preferred stock shares
may only be transferred to other former Visa Europe members, or to existing qualifying holders of Visa Inc. s Class B common
stock. In addition, the preferred stock will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and therefore is not transferable
unless such transfer is registered or an exemption from registration is available. The deferred payment receivable plus 4% compounded
annual interest is due in June 2019. In fiscal 2016, we recorded a gain of $7.5 million in our Telecom Platform Services segment
from the sale of our member interest in Visa Europe, which is included in the segment s income from operations.  

Other
Operating (Loss) Gain.  The Telecom Platform Services segment s income from operations in fiscal 2016 included a loss
on disposal of property, plant and equipment of $0.3 million due to the write-off of capitalized costs of certain projects that
were terminated prior to completion. The Telecom Platform Services segment s income from operations in fiscal 2014 included
a gain of $0.7 million related to a legal matter.  

All
Other  

Currently,
we report aggregate results for all of our operating businesses other than IDT Telecom in All Other. On June 1, 2016, we completed
the Zedge Spin-Off. The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly,
its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have not been reclassified. In addition, Fabrix was included in
All Other until it was sold in October 2014. Therefore, in fiscal 2015, All Other included two months of Fabrix  results
of operations compared to none in fiscal 2016 and twelve months in fiscal 2014.  

nm not
meaningful  

Following
is the results of operations of Zedge, which were included in All Other until the Zedge Spin-Off on June 1, 2016:  

Zedge  

nm not
meaningful  

Following
is the results of operations of Fabrix, which were included in All Other until it was sold in October 2014:  

Fabrix  

Gain
on Sale of Interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd.  On October 8, 2014, we completed the sale of our interest in Fabrix to Ericsson.
The final sale price for 100% of the shares in Fabrix was $95 million in cash, excluding transaction costs and working capital
and other adjustments. We owned approximately 78% of Fabrix on a fully diluted basis. Our share of the sale price was $69.2 million,
after reflecting the impact of working capital and other adjustments. We and the other shareholders placed $13.0 million of the
proceeds in escrow for the resolution of post-closing claims, of which $6.5 million was released in October 2015 and $6.5 million
was released in April 2016. In fiscal 2016, we recorded a gain on the sale of our interest in Fabrix of $1.1 million, which represented
adjustments to our share of Fabrix  working capital and estimated transaction costs. In fiscal 2015, we recorded a gain
on the sale of our interest in Fabrix of $76.9 million.  

Other
Operating Gain.   In fiscal 2014, we received proceeds from insurance of $0.6 million related to water damage to portions of
our building and improvements at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. The damage occurred in a prior period. We recorded a gain
of $0.6 million from this insurance claim.  

In
fiscal 2014, we began renovations of the first four floors of our 520 Broad Street building in order to move our personnel and
offices located at 550 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey to 520 Broad Street. In April and May 2015, we moved our Newark operations
back into our building at 520 Broad Street and vacated the leased office space at 550 Broad Street. In April 2016, we entered
into two leases for space in the building. The first lease is for a portion of the sixth floor for an eleven year term, of which
the first six years are non-cancellable. The second lease is for a portion of the ground floor and basement for a term of ten
years, seven months. The tenant under this lease has the right to extend the term for three consecutive periods of five years
each. The leases will commence after the completion of our work to prepare the space for the tenant s possession.  

Corporate  

nm not
meaningful  

Corporate
costs include compensation, consulting fees, treasury and accounts payable, tax and accounting services, human resources and payroll,
corporate purchasing, corporate governance including Board of Directors  fees, internal and external audit, investor relations,
corporate insurance, corporate legal, business development, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses, including,
among others, facilities costs, charitable contributions and travel, as well as depreciation expense on corporate assets. Corporate
does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues.  

General
and Administrative.  The decrease in Corporate general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was
primarily due to decreases in insurance, stock-based compensation, and the charitable contributions accrual, partially offset
by an increase in payroll and related expense. The decrease in Corporate general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2015 compared
to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to decreases in stock-based compensation, legal and consulting fees, and the charitable contributions
accrual. In fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we accrued $0.8 million, $1.1 million and $1.4 million, respectively, for
contributions to the IDT Charitable Foundation. As a percentage of our total consolidated revenues, Corporate general and administrative
expenses was 0.7%, 0.7% and 0.9% in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Severance
expense.  In July 2016, we completed a reduction of our workforce, and Corporate incurred severance expense of $0.3 million.
In February and March 2015, we completed a reduction of our workforce. As a result, Corporate incurred severance expense of $0.6
million in fiscal 2015.  

Other
Operating Loss.  Corporate s loss from operations in fiscal 2015 included a loss of $1.5 million related to legal matters.  

Consolidated   

In
July 2016, we completed a reduction of our workforce and incurred severance expense of $6.3 million in fiscal 2016. Severance
expense in fiscal 2016 also included $0.2 million unrelated to the July 2016 workforce reduction. In February and March 2015,
we completed a reduction of our workforce and incurred severance expense of $6.2 million in fiscal 2015. In addition, severance
expense in fiscal 2015 included $1.9 million due to a downsizing of certain IDT Telecom sales and administrative functions in
Europe and the U.S. in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, and an additional $0.2 million in the fourth quart er
of fiscal 2015.   

The
following is a discussion of our consolidated stock-based compensation expense, and our consolidated income and expense line items
below income from operations.  

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense.  Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses
was $2.7 million, $5.2 million and $5.4 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. At July 31, 2016, unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation, including stock options and restricted stock, was an aggregate
of $4.2 million. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period that ends in
2020.  

Other
Income (Expense), net.  Other income (expense), net consists of the following:  

Income
Taxes.  The gains on the sale of our member interest in Visa Europe Ltd. of $7.5 million in fiscal 2016, and on the sale of
our interest in Fabrix of $1.1 million and $76.9 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, were recorded by certain
of our wholly-owned non-U.S. subsidiaries. The gains are not taxable in the subsidiary s tax domicile and are not subject
to U.S. tax until repatriated. There are no current plans to repatriate the proceeds of the sales. The decrease in income tax
expense in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in foreign income tax expense, partially offset
by an increase in federal income tax expense. These changes reflect the changes in our income before income taxes in fiscal 2016
compared to fiscal 2015. The increase in income tax expense in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to an increase
in foreign income tax expense, partially offset by a decrease in federal income tax expense. Foreign income tax expense increased
in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to a benefit from income taxes of $4.1 million recorded in fiscal 2014 from
the full recognition of the IDT Global deferred tax assets. In fiscal 2014, we determined that our valuation allowance on the
losses of IDT Global were no longer required due to an internal reorganization that generated income and a projection that the
income would continue. Federal income tax expense decreased due to the decrease in domestic income before income taxes in fiscal
2015 compared to fiscal 2014.  

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests.  The increase in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in
fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was due to sale of Fabrix in fiscal 2015 and the change in Zedge s results of operations
from net loss to net income, partially offset by the decrease in net income of certain IDT Telecom subsidiaries. The decrease
in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was due to the decrease in net
income of certain IDT Telecom subsidiaries, the increase in Fabrix  net loss and the change in Zedge s results of
operations from net income to net loss.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

General  

  We
currently expect our cash from operations in fiscal 2017 and the balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities that
we held on July 31, 2016 to be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements
during fiscal 2017.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $162.5 million and a deficit in working capital (current
liabilities in excess of current assets) of $4.8 million. At July 31, 2016, we also had $8.1 million in investments in hedge funds,
which were included in  Investments  in our consolidated balance sheet.  

We
treat unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Financial Services Ltd., our Gibraltar-based bank, and IDT Payment Services
as substantially restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At July 31, 2016,  Cash and cash equivalents  in our
consolidated balance sheet included an aggregate of $16.0 million held by IDT Financial Services Ltd. and IDT Payment Services
that was unavailable for other purposes.  

At
July 31, 2016, we had restricted cash and cash equivalents of $98.8 million, all of which was included in  Restricted cash
and cash equivalents  in our consolidated balance sheet. Our restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily include customer
deposits related to IDT Financial Services Ltd. and restricted balances pursuant to banking regulatory and other requirements.  

We
have not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings, since such earnings are permanently reinvested outside the United
States. The cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in accumulated deficit in our consolidated balance sheets,
and consisted of approximately $324 million at July 31, 2016. Upon distribution of these foreign earnings to our domestic entities,
we may be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding of foreign taxes, however, it is not practicable to determine the amount,
if any, which would be paid.  

Operating
Activities  

  Our
cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results
and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable.  

In
December 2015, MasterCard Europe released a security deposit in the amount of $4.7 million made by IDT Financial Services Ltd.
At July 31, 2015, this security deposit was included in  Other assets  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  

In
fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, Fabrix received $2.0 million and $13.4 million, respectively, in cash from sales of software licenses
and support services.  

Our
Separation and Distribution Agreement with Straight Path includes, among other things, our obligation to reimburse Straight Path
for the payment of liabilities of Straight Path arising or related to the period prior to the Straight Path Spin-Off. In fiscal
2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we paid nil, $2.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively, in connection with this obligation.  

In
August 2016, we and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority entered into an incentive agreement pursuant to which we may
receive corporation business tax credits in exchange for investment in a qualified business facility and employment of the required
number of full-time employees. The corporation business tax credits to be received are a maximum of $24.3 million. We are required
to invest $5.3 million in our building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey, as well as retain 528 full-time jobs and
create 40 new full-time jobs in New Jersey. We may claim a tax credit each tax year for ten years beginning when the Economic
Development Authority accepts our project completion certification. We must submit the project completion certification on or
before December 9, 2016. The tax credit can be applied to 100% of our New Jersey tax liability each year, and the unused amount
of the annual credit can be carried forward. In addition, we may apply for a tax credit transfer certificate to sell unused tax
credits to another business. The tax credits must be sold for no less than 75% of the value of the tax credits. The tax credits
are subject to reduction, forfeiture and recapture if, among other things, the number of full-time employees declines below the
program or statewide minimum.  

Investing
Activities  

  Our
capital expenditures were $18.4 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $28.6 million in fiscal 2015 and $17.0 million in fiscal 2014.
The increase in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily due to expenditures for the renovations of the first four floors
of our building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. We currently anticipate that total capital expenditures in fiscal
2016 will be between $18 million to $20 million. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with our net cash provided by operating
activities and cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand.  

On
October 8, 2014, we completed the sale of our interest in Fabrix to Ericsson. The final sale price for 100% of the shares in Fabrix
was $95 million in cash, excluding transaction costs and working capital and other adjustments. We owned approximately 78% of
Fabrix on a fully diluted basis. Our share of the sale price was $69.2 million, after reflecting the impact of working capital
and other adjustments. We and the other shareholders placed $13.0 million of the proceeds in escrow for the resolution of post-closing
claims, of which $6.5 million was released in October 2015 and $6.5 million was released in April 2016. In fiscal 2016, we recorded
gain on the sale of our interest in Fabrix of $1.1 million, which represented adjustments to our share of Fabrix  working
capital and estimated transaction costs. In fiscal 2015, we recorded a gain on the sale of our interest in Fabrix of $76.9 million.  

In
June 2016, Visa Inc. acquired Visa Europe Limited for cash, shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock and a deferred cash payment.
IDT Financial Services Ltd. was a member of Visa Europe and received cash of  5.0 million ($5.6 million on the acquisition
date), 1,830 shares of Series C preferred stock and deferred payment receivable of  0.4 million ($0.5 million on the acquisition
date). At July 31, 2016, the carrying value of the shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock was $1.6 million. The 1,830 shares
of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock are convertible into 25,532 shares of Visa Inc. Class A common stock. The shares of preferred
stock become fully convertible in 2028. Beginning in 2020, Visa Inc. will assess whether it is appropriate to effect a partial
conversion. The preferred stock shares may only be transferred to other former Visa Europe members, or to existing qualifying
holders of Visa Inc. s Class B common stock. In addition, the preferred stock will not be registered under the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933 and therefore is not transferable unless such transfer is registered or an exemption from registration is available.
The deferred payment receivable plus 4% compounded annual interest is due in June 2019. In fiscal 2016, we recorded a gain of
$7.5 million from the sale of our member interest in Visa Europe.  

In
fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we used cash of $2.0 million, $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, for additional
investments.  

We
received $0.6 million, $0.1 million and $1.0 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively, from the redemption
of certain of our investments.  

Proceeds
from insurance of $0.6 million in fiscal 2014 related to water damage in our building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New
Jersey, that occurred in a prior period. We recorded a gain of $0.6 million from this insurance claim in fiscal 2014.  

In
fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we used cash of $46.9 million, $52.4 million and $20.7 million, respectively, to purchase
marketable securities.  

Proceeds
from maturities and sales of marketable securities were $35.0 million, $24.1 million and $17.3 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal
2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Financing
Activities  

In
fiscal 2016, we paid aggregate cash dividends of $0.75 per share on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $17.4
million in total. In fiscal 2015, we paid aggregate cash dividends of $2.03 per share on our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock, or $47.6 million in total. The aggregate cash dividends included special dividends of $0.68 per share and $0.64
per share paid in November 2014 and January 2015, respectively. In fiscal 2014, we paid aggregate cash dividends of $0.59 per
share on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $13.6 million in total. In September 2016, our Board of Directors
declared a dividend of $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 to holders of our Class A common stock and Class
B common stock. The dividend will be paid on or about October 20, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
October 11, 2016.  

We
distributed cash of $1.8 million, $2.1 million and $1.9 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively, to
the noncontrolling interests in certain of our subsidiaries.  

In
June 2016, cash and cash equivalents held by Zedge of $6.4 million were deconsolidated as a result of the Zedge Spin-Off.  

In
connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, in May 2016, Zedge sold shares of its Class B common stock representing approximately 10.0%
of its capital stock to certain of its equity holders, including us, for $3 million. The other purchasers paid $0.4 million of
the total and we paid $2.6 million.  

In
fiscal 2016, we received cash of $8.8 million from third parties for an investment in a joint venture.  

In
August 2013, both Fabrix and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours purchased shares of Fabrix for aggregate cash of $1.1 million.
The shares were purchased from holders of noncontrolling interests in Fabrix representing 2.8% of the equity in Fabrix.  

We
received proceeds from the exercise of our stock options of nil in fiscal 2016, $3.4 million in fiscal 2015 and $0.6 million in
fiscal 2014.  

We
paid the outstanding principal of $6.4 million on the mortgage on our building in Piscataway, New Jersey on the maturity date
of September 1, 2015.  

Our
subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., entered into a credit agreement, dated July 12, 2012, with TD Bank, N.A. for a line of credit facility
for up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements,
acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. The line of credit facility is secured by primarily all of IDT Telecom s
assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum, at the option of IDT Telecom, at either (a) the U.S. Prime Rate less
125 basis points, or (b) the LIBOR rate adjusted by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement plus 150 basis points. Interest
is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on the maturity date. In January 2016,
the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2018. In fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we borrowed nil, nil and $56.0
million, respectively, under the facility, and we repaid nil, $13.0 million and $64.1 million, respectively. We intend to borrow
under the facility from time to time. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum on the average daily
balance of the unused portion of the $25.0 million commitment. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and
negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial targets and ratios during the term of the line of credit, including IDT
Telecom may not pay any dividend on its capital stock and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates or subsidiaries
may not exceed $110.0 million. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no amounts utilized for letters of credit under the line
of credit, IDT Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants, and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates
and subsidiaries was $91.1 and $90.1 million, respectively.  

Repayments
of other borrowings were nil, $0.3 million and $0.3 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

On
June 25, 2015, we purchased 404,967 shares of our Class B common stock from Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board and former
Chief Executive Officer. The purchase price was $18.52 per share, the share price at the close of business on June 23, 2015. The
aggregate purchase price was $7.5 million.  

In
fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, we paid $0.1 million, $2.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively to repurchase 11,250;
152,856 and 34,206 shares of Class B common stock, respectively, that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees 
tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of restricted stock. Such shares are repurchased
by us based on their fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date.  

We
had a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 8.3 million shares of our Class B common stock. On
January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B
common stock and cancelled the previous stock repurchase program, which had 4.6 million shares remaining available for repurchase.
In fiscal 2016, we repurchased 398,376 shares of our Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4.6 million. In
fiscal 2015, we repurchased 29,675 shares of our Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $0.4 million. There were
no repurchases in fiscal 2014. At July 31, 2016, 8.0 million shares remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase
program.  

Changes
in Trade Accounts Receivable, Allowance For Doubtful Accounts and Deferred Revenue  

Gross
trade accounts receivable decreased to $54.1 million at July 31, 2016 from $64.2 million at July 31, 2015 primarily due to an
$8.5 million decrease in IDT Telecom s gross trade accounts receivable balance and the Zedge Spin-Off. The decrease in IDT
Telecom s gross trade accounts receivable balance was primarily due to collections in fiscal 2016 in excess of amounts billed
during the period, accounts receivable written-off and the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At July 31, 2015,
Zedge s gross trade accounts receivable balance was $1.6 million.  

The
allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable increased to 8.9% at July 31, 2016 from 8.8%
at July 31, 2015 as a result of a 15.7% decrease in the gross accounts receivable balance and a 14.6% decline in the allowance
balance.  

Deferred
revenue as a percentage of total revenues varies from period to period depending on the mix and the timing of revenues. Deferred
revenue arises from IDT Telecom s sales of prepaid products. Deferred revenue slightly decreased to $86.2 million at July
31, 2016 from $86.3 million at July 31, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in the IDT Telecom U.S. balance, partially offset by
an increase in IDT Telecom s deferred revenue balance in Europe.  

Other
Uses of Resources  

Our
controlled 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma, holds Cornerstone s $10 million principal amount, 3.5% convertible promissory
note due September 16, 2018 and we and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase Cornerstone shares. Cornerstone is a clinical
stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies targeting cancer
metabolism that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. We expect to fund additional cash investments
in Cornerstone in fiscal 2017.  

We
intend to, where appropriate, make strategic investments and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses.
In considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities to profitably grow our existing businesses and/or to
add qualitatively to the range and diversification of businesses in our portfolio. At this time, we cannot guarantee that we will
be presented with acquisition opportunities that meet our return on investment criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions
that meet our criteria will be successful.  

On
September 20, 2016, we received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the FCC requesting certain information and
materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary of ours and
currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave
Services. We intend to cooperate with the FCC in this matter and we are in the process of responding to the letter of inquiry. The
FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability on us related to activities during the period of ownership
by us. Further, should the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, we could be the subject of a claim from Straight Path related
to that liability.  

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS  

  The
following tables quantify our future contractual obligations and commercial commitments at July 31, 2016:  

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS  

Payments
Due by Period  

OTHER
COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS  

Payments
Due by Period  

(1)    The
                                         above table does not include an aggregate of $13.4 million in performance bonds due to
                                         the uncertainty of the amount and/or timing of any such payments.    

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

  We
do not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely
to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources, other than the following.  

In
connection with the Genie Spin-Off in October 2011, we and Genie entered into various agreements prior to the Genie Spin-Off including
a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Genie after
the Genie Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Genie with respect to, among
other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Genie Spin-Off, the
preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.
Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Genie and Genie indemnifies us for losses
related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in
the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Genie from all liability for taxes of
ours with respect to any taxable period, and Genie indemnifies us from all liability for taxes of Genie and its subsidiaries with
respect to any taxable period, including, without limitation, the ongoing tax audits related to Genie s business.  

In
connection with the Straight Path Spin-Off in July 2013, we and Straight Path entered into various agreements prior to the Straight
Path Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship
with Straight Path after the Straight Path Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of
us and Straight Path with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods
before and including the Straight Path Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with
taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Company indemnifies
Straight Path and Straight Path indemnifies the Company for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise
discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, the Company
indemnifies Straight Path from all liability for taxes of Straight Path or any of its subsidiaries or relating to the Straight
Path business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Straight Path Spin-Off, from all liability for taxes of
the Company, other than Straight Path and its subsidiaries, for any taxable period, and from all liability for taxes due to the
Straight Path Spin-Off.  

In
connection with the Zedge Spin-Off in June 2016, we and Zedge entered into various agreements prior to the Zedge Spin-Off including
a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Zedge after
the Zedge Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Zedge with respect to, among
other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Zedge Spin-Off, the
preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.
Pursuant to Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Zedge and Zedge indemnifies us for losses
related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in
the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, Zedge indemnifies us from all liability for taxes
of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business accruing after the Zedge Spin-Off, and we
indemnify Zedge from all liability for taxes of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business
with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Zedge Spin-Off.  

IDT
Payment Services and IDT Telecom have performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order
to comply with the states  financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers, respectively.
At July 31, 2016, we had aggregate performance bonds of $13.4 million outstanding.  

Item
7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks.  

FOREIGN
CURRENCY RISK  

  Revenues
from our international operations represented 29%, 30% and 30% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2014, respectively. A significant portion of these revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency
exchange risk is somewhat mitigated by our ability to offset a portion of these non U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with operating
expenses that are paid in the same currencies. While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects our revenues
and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, the net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes at the
end of each reporting period is generally not material.  

INVESTMENT
RISK  

  In
addition to, but separate from our primary business, we hold a portion of our assets in marketable securities and hedge funds
for strategic and speculative purposes. As of July 31, 2016, the carrying value of our marketable securities and investments in
hedge funds were $52.9 million and $8.1 million, respectively. Investments in marketable securities and hedge funds carry a degree
of risk, and depend to a great extent on correct assessments of the future course of price movements of securities and other instruments.
There can be no assurance that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict these price movements. The securities
markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Accordingly, the value of our investments
may go down as well as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested upon redemption.  

Item
8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein.  

Item
9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   

None.  

Item
9A.  Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

  Our
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

  There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Management s report on internal control over financial
reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm are included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K on pages 48 and 49. 

Item
9B. Other Information.   

  None.  

Part
                                         III   

Item
10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   

 The following is a list of our directors and executive officers
along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive Officers  

 Howard S. Jonas   Chairman of the Board 

 Shmuel Jonas   Chief Executive Officer 

 Marcelo Fischer   Senior Vice President   Finance 

 Mitch Silberman   Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

 Joyce J. Mason   Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Corporate Secretary 

 Menachem Ash   Executive Vice President of Strategy and Legal
Affairs 

 Anthony S. Davidson   Senior Vice President   Technology 

 Bill Pereira   Chief Executive Officer and President of IDT
Telecom 

Directors  

 Howard S. Jonas   Chairman of the Board 

Bill Pereira   Chief Executive Officer and President of IDT
Telecom 

Michael Chenkin   Certified Public Accountant; previously
worked in the Audit Department of Coopers and Lybrand and as a consultant to the securities industry 

Eric F. Cosentino   Former Rector of the Episcopal Church
of the Divine Love, Montrose, New York 

Judah Schorr   Founder of Judah Schorr MD PC, an anesthesia
provider to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and medical offices, and has been its President and owner since its inception 

The remaining information required by this Item will be contained
in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within
120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate Governance  

 We have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We make available free of charge through the investor relations
page of our web site ( www.idt.net/ir ) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers
and beneficial owners of more than 10% of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business
conduct and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our web site and the information contained therein or incorporated
therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.   

 The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   

 The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence.   

 The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

 The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Part
IV   

Item
15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   

(a)  
      The
    following documents are filed as part of this Report:   

1.  
       Report
        of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
             
          Report
        of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
             
          Report
        of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements  
             
          Consolidated
        Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    

2.  
       Financial
        Statement Schedule.  
             
          All
        schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required
        or not applicable.    

3.  
       Exhibits.
        Exhibit Numbers 10.03, 10.04, 10.05, 10.06 and 10.08 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.  
             
          The
        exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this
        Form 10 K.  
             
          Certain
        of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the
        agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties:    

may have been qualified
    by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures
    are not necessarily reflected in the agreements;   

may apply standards
    of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and   

were made only as of
    specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances.   

Accordingly,
    these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations
    and warranties were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact.   

(b)
Exhibits.  

*  
      filed herewith.   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IDT CORPORATION   

By:  
      /s/ Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel Jonas  
          Chief Executive Officer    

Date: October 14, 2016 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
       
      Titles    
       
      Date   

/s/ Shmuel Jonas  
       
      Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)    
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Shmuel Jonas   

/s/ Howard S. Jonas  
       
      Chairman of the Board    
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Howard S. Jonas   

/s/ Marcelo Fischer  
       
      Senior Vice President-Finance (Principal Financial Officer)  
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Marcelo Fischer   

/s/ Mitch Silberman  
       
      Chief Accounting Officer and Controller    
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Mitch Silberman   
       
      (Principal Accounting Officer)    

/s/ Bill Pereira  
       
      Director  
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Bill Pereira   

/s/ Michael Chenkin  
       
      Director  
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Michael Chenkin   

/s/ Eric F. Cosentino  
       
      Director  
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Eric F. Cosentino   

/s/ Judah Schorr  
       
      Director  
       
      October 14, 2016   
 
       Judah Schorr   

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  

We, the management of IDT Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ),
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

The Company s internal control over financial reporting is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1.  
      Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company;   

2.  
      Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and   

3.  
      Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016. In making this assessment, the Company s management used
the criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over
financial reporting, as prescribed above, for the period covered by this report. Based on our evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31,
2016 was effective based on the criteria established in the 2013 COSO Framework. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Grant Thornton LLP has provided an attestation report on the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016. 

/s/ Shmuel Jonas  

Shmuel Jonas   

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Marcelo Fischer  

Marcelo Fischer   

Senior Vice President-Finance  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT Corporation 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting
of IDT Corporation a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016, based on criteria established
in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of
Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016 based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated
Framework  issued by COSO. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended July 31, 2016, and our report dated
October 14, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 14, 2016 

IDT Corporation 
 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the
related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended July 31, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of IDT Corporation and subsidiaries as of July 31,
2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31,
2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31,
2016, based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated October 14, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 14, 2016 

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands)  

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) (Continued)  

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) (Continued)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  

Description of Business  

 IDT Corporation ( IDT  or the  Company ) is a multinational holding company with operations
primarily in the telecommunications and payment industries. The Company has two reportable business segments, Telecom Platform
Services and Consumer Phone Services. Telecom Platform Services provides retail telecommunications and payment offerings as well
as wholesale international long distance traffic termination. Consumer Phone Services provides consumer local and long distance
services in certain U.S. states. Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services comprise the IDT Telecom division. Operating
segments not reportable individually are included in All Other. All Other includes the Company s real estate holdings and
other smaller businesses. Until the spin-off of Zedge, Inc. (formerly Zedge Holdings, Inc.) ( Zedge ) in June 2016,
All Other included Zedge, which provides a content platform that enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free,
high quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons and notification sounds. Until the sale of Fabrix Systems Ltd. ( Fabrix )
in October 2014, All Other also included Fabrix, a software development company offering a cloud-based scale-out storage and computing
platform optimized for big data, virtualization and media storage, processing and delivery. 

On June 1, 2016, the Company completed a pro rata distribution of
the common stock that the Company held in the Company s subsidiary Zedge to the Company s stockholders of record as
of the close of business on May 26, 2016 (the  Zedge Spin-Off ). The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria
to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly, its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have
not been reclassified. In connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, each of the Company s stockholders received one share of Zedge
Class A common stock for every three shares of the Company s Class A common stock, and one share of Zedge Class B common
stock for every three shares of the Company s Class B common stock, held of record as of the close of business on May 26,
2016. The Company received a legal opinion that the Zedge Spin-Off should qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. 

Zedge s income (loss) before income taxes and income before
income taxes attributable to the Company, which is included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, were as follows: 

In August 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved
a plan to reorganize the Company into three separate entities by spinning off two business units to its stockholders, one of which
was Zedge. The remaining components of the reorganization are subject to change as well as both internal and third party contingencies,
and must receive final approval from the Company s Board of Directors and certain third parties. The Company continues to
advance the effort on the remainder of the reorganization. 

On December 7, 2015, the Company approved an investment of
up to $10 million in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Cornerstone ). Cornerstone is a clinical stage, oncology-focused
pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies targeting cancer metabolism that exploit
the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. The initial $2 million investment was funded as follows: $500,000
upon signing the Subscription and Loan Agreement on January 21, 2016, $50,000 on March 23, 2016, and $1.45 million on April
14, 2016. The initial $2 million investment was in exchange for Cornerstone s 3.5% convertible promissory notes due 2018.
The remaining $8 million was funded in August and September 2016. In September 2016, Cornerstone issued to the Company s
controlled 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma Holdings, LLC ( CS Pharma ), a convertible promissory note with a principal
amount of $10 million (the  Series D Note ) representing the $8 million investment funded on such date plus the conversion
of the $2 million principal amount convertible promissory notes issued in connection with the previous funding. The Cornerstone
Series D Note earns interest at 3.5% per annum, with principal and accrued interest due and payable on September 16, 2018. The
Series D Note is convertible at the holder s option into shares of Cornerstone s Series D Preferred Stock. The Series
D Note also includes a mandatory conversion into Cornerstone common stock upon a qualified initial public offering, and conversion
at the holder s option upon an unqualified financing event. In all cases, the Series D Note conversion price is based on
the applicable financing purchase price. The Company and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of
Cornerstone representing up to 56% of the then issued and outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, on an as-converted and fully
diluted basis. The right to exercise warrants as to the first $10 million thereof is held by CS Pharma and the remainder is owned
by the Company. The minimum initial and subsequent exercises of the warrant shall be for such number of shares that will result
in at least $5 million of gross proceeds to Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as represents 5% of the outstanding capital stock
of Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as may then remain unexercised. The warrant will expire upon the earlier of December 31,
2020 or a qualified initial public offering or liquidation event. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

At July 31, 2016, the Company s investment in Cornerstone
was $2.0 million, which was included in  Investments  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At July 31, 2016,
the Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with Cornerstone was its $2.0 million investment, since
there were no other arrangements, events or circumstances that could expose the Company to additional loss. 

In addition to interests issued to the Company, CS Pharma has issued
member interests to third parties in exchange for cash investment in CS Pharma of $10 million. At July 31, 2016, CS Pharma had
received $8.8 million of such investment, which is included in  Other current liabilities  in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet, and the remaining $1.2 million was received in September 2016. The Company holds a 50% interest in CS Pharma and
is the managing member. It is expected that CS Pharma will use its cash to invest in Cornerstone. 

Mr. Howard S. Jonas, the Company s Chairman of the Board and
former Chief Executive Officer, is a director of Cornerstone and was appointed its Chairman of the Board in April 2016. Howard
and Deborah Jonas jointly own $525,000 of Series C Convertible Notes of Cornerstone, and The Howard S. and Deborah Jonas Foundation
owns an additional $525,000 of Series C Notes. 

Basis of Consolidation and Accounting for Investments  

 The method of accounting applied to long-term investments, whether
consolidated, equity or cost, involves an evaluation of the significant terms of each investment that explicitly grant or suggest
evidence of control or influence over the operations of the investee and also includes the identification of any variable interests
in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The consolidated financial statements include the Company s controlled subsidiaries.
In addition, Cornerstone is a variable interest entity, however, the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary
as the Company does not have the power to direct the activities of Cornerstone that most significantly impact Cornerstone s
economic performance. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions between the consolidated subsidiaries are eliminated. 

Investments in businesses that the Company does not control, but
in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial matters, are accounted for
using the equity method. Investments in which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating
and financial matters are accounted for using the cost method. Investments in hedge funds are accounted for using the equity method
unless the Company s interest is so minor that it has virtually no influence over operating and financial policies, in which
case these investments are accounted for using the cost method. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $8.0 million and $9.0
million, respectively, in investments accounted for using the equity method, and $7.0 million and $3.4 million, respectively, in
investments accounted for using the cost method. Equity and cost method investments are included in  Other current assets 
or  Investments  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company periodically evaluates its equity and
cost method investments for impairment due to declines considered to be other than temporary. If the Company determines that a
decline in fair value is other than temporary, then a charge to earnings is recorded in  Other income (expense), net 
in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, and a new basis in the investment is established. 

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from
those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition  

 Telephone service, which includes domestic and international long
distance, local service, and wholesale carrier telephony services is recognized as revenue when services are provided, primarily
based on usage and/or the assessment of fees. Revenue from Boss Revolution PIN-less international calling service and from sales
of calling cards, net of customer discounts, is deferred until the service or the cards are used or, calling card administrative
fees are imposed, thereby reducing the Company s outstanding obligation to the customer, at which time revenue is recognized.
Domestic and international airtime top-up revenue is recognized upon redemption. International airtime top-up enables customers
to purchase airtime for a prepaid mobile telephone in another country. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

IDT Telecom enters into reciprocal transactions pursuant to which
IDT Telecom is committed to purchase a specific number of minutes to specific destinations at specified rates, and the counterparty
is committed to purchase from IDT Telecom a specific number of minutes to specific destinations at specified rates. The number
of minutes purchased and sold in a reciprocal transaction is not necessarily equal. The rates in these reciprocal transactions
are generally greater than prevailing market rates. In addition, IDT Telecom enters into transactions in which it swaps minutes
with another carrier. The Company recognizes revenue and the related direct cost of revenue for these reciprocal and swap transactions
based on the fair value of the minutes. 

Prior to the Zedge Spin-Off, Zedge generated over 90% of its revenues
from selling its advertising inventory to advertising networks/exchanges, real time bidding platforms, direct advertisers and game
publishers. Zedge advertising revenue was recognized as advertisements were delivered to users through impressions or ad views,
as long as evidence of the arrangement with the payer existed (generally through an executed contract), the price was fixed and
determinable, and collectability was reasonably assured. 

Prior to the sale of the Company s interest in Fabrix, revenue
from Fabrix for software licenses and maintenance support was deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis from the date on
which delivered orders were accepted by the customer over the period that the support was expected to be provided since sufficient
vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value to allocate revenues to the various deliverables did not exist. 

Direct Cost of Revenues  

 Direct cost of revenues for IDT Telecom consists primarily of termination
and origination costs, toll-free costs, and network costs including customer/carrier interconnect charges and leased fiber
circuit charges. These costs include an estimate of charges for which invoices have not yet been received, and estimated amounts
for pending disputes with other carriers. Direct cost of revenues for IDT Telecom also includes the cost of airtime top-up minutes. 

Direct cost of revenues for Zedge consisted primarily of costs associated
with the content distribution platform including hosting, marketing automation and content filtering. 

Direct cost of revenues for Fabrix consisted primarily of customer
support expenses. 

Direct cost of revenues excludes depreciation and amortization expense. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 The Company classifies the change in its restricted cash and cash
equivalents as an operating activity in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows because the restrictions are directly
related to the operations of IDT Financial Services Ltd., the Company s Gibraltar-based bank, and IDT Telecom. 

Substantially Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 The Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by
IDT Payment Services, which provides the Company s international money transfer services in the United States and IDT Financial
Services Ltd. as substantially restricted and unavailable for other purposes. These balances are included in  Cash and cash
equivalents  in the Company s consolidated balance sheets (see Note 19). 

Marketable Securities  

 The Company s investments in marketable securities are classified
as  available-for-sale.  Available-for-sale securities are required to be carried at their fair value, with unrealized
gains and losses (net of income taxes) that are considered temporary in nature recorded in  Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company uses the specific identification method in computing
the gross realized gains and gross realized losses on the sales of marketable securities. The Company periodically evaluates its
investments in marketable securities for impairment due to declines in market value considered to be other than temporary. Such
impairment evaluations include, in addition to persistent, declining market prices, general economic and Company-specific evaluations.
If the Company determines that a decline in market value is other than temporary, then a charge to operations is recorded in  Other
income (expense), net  in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and a new cost basis in the investment is established. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Long-Lived Assets  

 Equipment, buildings, computer software and furniture and fixtures
are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range as follows: equipment 5,
7 or 20 years; buildings 40 years; computer software 2, 3 or 5 years and furniture and fixtures 5, 7 or 10 years.
Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the term of their lease or their
estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

Costs associated with obtaining the right to use trademark and patents
owned by third parties are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant trademark and patent
licenses. The fair value of technology and domain names, customer lists, and trademark acquired in a business combination accounted
for under the purchase method are amortized over their estimated useful lives as follows: technology and domain names are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of 3 or 4 years; customer lists are amortized ratably over the approximately
15 year period of expected cash flows; and trademark is amortized on a straight-line basis over the 5 year period of expected cash
flows. 

The Company tests the recoverability of its long-lived assets with
finite useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.
The Company tests for recoverability based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected
undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any,
based on the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair
value by considering sale prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate
discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should
the estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such
impairments could be material. 

Goodwill  

 Goodwill is the excess of the acquisition cost of businesses over
the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized.
These assets are reviewed annually (or more frequently under various conditions) for impairment using a fair value approach. The
goodwill impairment assessment involves estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying amount,
which is known as Step 1. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, Step 2 is performed to
determine if an impairment of goodwill is required. The fair value of the reporting units is estimated using discounted cash flow
methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. Goodwill impairment is measured by the excess of the
carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over its implied fair value. Calculating the fair value of the reporting
units, and allocating the estimated fair value to all of the tangible assets, intangible assets and liabilities, requires significant
estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting units prove
to be incorrect, the Company may be required to record impairments to its goodwill in future periods and such impairments could
be material. 

The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. However, the Company may elect
to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

For a reporting unit with zero or negative carrying amount, the
Company performs Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test if it is more likely than not that a goodwill impairment exists. In determining
whether it is more likely than not that goodwill impairment exists, the Company considers whether there are any adverse qualitative
factors indicating that impairment may exist. 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  

 The Company records its derivatives instruments at their respective
fair values. The accounting for changes in the fair value (that is, gains or losses) of a derivative instrument is dependent upon
whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging
relationship. The Company does not designate its derivative instruments to qualify for hedge accounting, accordingly the instruments
are recorded at fair value as a current asset or liability and any changes in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statements
of income. 

Advertising Expense  

 Cost of advertising is charged to selling, general and administrative
expenses in the period in which it is incurred. In fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, advertising expense was $12.9 million,
$16.5 million and $17.2 million, respectively. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Research and Development Costs  

 Costs for research and development are charged to expense as incurred.
Research and development costs were incurred by Fabrix. 

Capitalized Internal Use Software Costs   

 The Company capitalizes the cost of internal-use software that has
a useful life in excess of one year. These costs consist of payments made to third parties and the salaries of employees working
on such software development. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internal-use software are capitalized only to
the extent that they allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform. Software maintenance and training costs
are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Capitalized internal use software costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense related to such capitalized software in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015
and fiscal 2014 was $12.6 million, $11.4 million and $8.8 million, respectively. Unamortized capitalized internal use software
costs at July 31, 2016 and 2015 were $18.8 million and $18.8 million, respectively. 

Repairs and Maintenance  

 The Company charges the cost of repairs and maintenance, including
the cost of replacing minor items not constituting substantial betterment, to selling, general and administrative expenses as these
costs are incurred. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

 Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries denominated in foreign
currencies are translated to U.S. Dollars at end-of-period rates of exchange, and their monthly results of operations are translated
to U.S. Dollars at the average rates of exchange for that month. Gains or losses resulting from such foreign currency translations
are recorded in  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Foreign
currency transaction gains and losses are reported in  Other income (expense), net  in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation
of future taxable income during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in its assessment of
a valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets
and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of such change. 

In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, as well as align
the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ).
The amendments in the ASU require that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance
sheet instead of separated into current and noncurrent amounts. The Company adopted the ASU on November 1, 2015 and retrospectively
applied the change. As a result, $0.8 million of deferred income tax assets that were included in current assets at July 31, 2015
were reclassified to noncurrent in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company uses a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring
tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax
position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the
technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold,
the Company presumes that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant
information. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of tax
benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater
than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and
amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability
for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in
a deferred tax liability. 

The Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as
a component of income tax expense. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Contingencies  

 The Company accrues for loss contingencies when both (a) information
available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the
date of the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. When the Company accrues for loss contingencies
and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, the Company records its best estimate within the range. When no amount
within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. The Company discloses
an estimated possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred. 

Earnings Per Share  

 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable
to all classes of common stockholders of the Company by the weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding
during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is determined in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that
the number of shares is increased to include restricted stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially
dilutive stock options using the treasury stock method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive. 

The weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of
basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders consists of the following: 

The following outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation
of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price of the stock option was greater than the average market price of the Company s
stock during the period: 

Stock-Based Compensation  

 The Company recognizes compensation expense for all of its grants
of stock-based awards based on the estimated fair value on the grant date. Compensation cost for awards is recognized using the
straight-line method over the vesting period. Stock-based compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense. 

Vulnerability Due to Certain Concentrations   

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration
of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, investments
in hedge funds and trade accounts receivable. The Company holds cash and cash equivalents at several major financial institutions,
which often exceed FDIC insurance limits. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses due to such concentration of
credit risk. The Company s temporary cash investments policy is to limit the dollar amount of investments with any one financial
institution and monitor the credit ratings of those institutions. While the Company may be exposed to credit losses due to the
nonperformance of the holders of its deposits, the Company does not expect the settlement of these transactions to have a material
effect on its results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable
is limited due to the large number of customers in various geographic regions and industry segments comprising the Company s
customer base. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 or fiscal 2014.
However, the Company s five largest customers collectively accounted for 11.2%, 11.2% and 12.0% of its consolidated revenues
from continuing operations in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. The Company s customers with the five
largest receivables balances collectively accounted for 23.0% and 24.1% of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at
July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This concentration of customers increases the Company s risk associated with nonpayment
by those customers. In an effort to reduce such risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its significant retail,
wholesale and cable telephony customers. In addition, the Company attempts to mitigate the credit risk related to specific wholesale
carrier services customers by also buying services from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset its payables
and receivables and reduce its net trade receivable exposure risk. When it is practical to do so, the Company will increase its
purchases from wholesale carrier services customers with receivable balances that exceed the Company s applicable payables
in order to maximize the offset and reduce its credit risk. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

 The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the Company s
best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. The allowance is determined based on known troubled
accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence. Doubtful accounts are written-off upon final determination
that the trade accounts will not be collected. The change in the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows: 

(1)  
      Primarily uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.   

Fair Value Measurements  

 Fair value of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities
is defined as an exit price, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The three-tier hierarchy for inputs used to measure fair value,
which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value, is as follows: 

Level 1    
      quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   
 
      Level 2    
      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.   
 
      Level 3    
      unobservable inputs based on the Company s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value.   

A financial asset or liability s classification within the
hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the assets
and liabilities being measured and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet
Adopted  

 In May 2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards
Board jointly issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition
guidance under U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition project were to clarify and converge the revenue recognition
principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline and enhance revenue recognition requirements.
The Company will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or modified
retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. The Company is evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its
consolidated financial statements. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to provide more information
about recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among
other changes, the following: (1) equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation)
will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting
period to identify impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial
liabilities will be presented separately by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes
to the financial statements, and (4) an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related
to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able
to recognize unrealized holding gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income.
In addition, a practicability exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values
and do not qualify for the net asset value practical expedient. These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment,
plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of
the same issuer. Entities will have to reassess at each reporting period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability
exception. The Company will adopt the amendments in this ASU on August 1, 2018. The Company is evaluating the impact that the ASU
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting
for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset
and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either
finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The Company will
adopt the new standard on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and
operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on
its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement
of cash flows. The Company will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment
model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required
to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance
for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar
to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities.
In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past
due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will adopt
the new standard on August 1, 2020. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

Note 2 Sale of Interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd.  

On October 8, 2014, the Company completed the sale of its interest
in Fabrix to Telefonaktiebolget LM Ericsson (publ) ( Ericsson ). The final sale price for 100% of the shares in Fabrix
was $95 million in cash, excluding transaction costs and working capital and other adjustments. The Company owned approximately
78% of Fabrix on a fully diluted basis. The Company s share of the sale price was $69.2 million, after reflecting the impact
of working capital and other adjustments. The Company and the other shareholders placed $13.0 million of the proceeds in escrow
for the resolution of post-closing claims, of which $6.5 million was released in October 2015 and $6.5 million was released in
April 2016. In fiscal 2016, the Company recorded gain on the sale of its interest in Fabrix of $1.1 million, which represented
adjustments to the Company s share of Fabrix  working capital and estimated transaction costs. In fiscal 2015, the
Company recorded gain on the sale of its interest in Fabrix of $76.9 million. 

Fabrix  income (loss) before income taxes and income before
income taxes attributable to the Company, which is included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, were as follows: 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note 3 Marketable Securities  

The following is a summary of marketable securities: 

* 
     Each of the Company s certificates of deposit has a CUSIP, was purchased
in the secondary market through a broker and may be sold in the secondary market.  

On July 31, 2013, the Company completed a pro rata distribution
of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary Straight Path Communications Inc. ( Straight Path ) to the Company s
stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 25, 2013 (the  Straight Path Spin-Off ). In July 2015, the
Company received 64,624 shares of Straight Path Class B common stock in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of
Straight Path restricted stock to certain of the Company s employees and the payment of taxes related thereto (see Note 20). 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of available-for-sale securities
were $35.0 million, $24.1 million and $17.3 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. Realized gains from
sales of available-for-sale securities were $0.5 million, nil and nil in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.
Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities were nil, $0.1 million and nil in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2014, respectively. In fiscal 2014, the Company recorded a loss of $0.1 million for the other than temporary decline in market
value of its equity securities. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The contractual maturities of the Company s available-for-sale
debt securities at July 31, 2016 were as follows: 

The following available-for-sale securities were in an unrealized
loss position for which other-than-temporary impairments have not been recognized: 

At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no securities in a continuous
unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. 

Note 4 Fair Value Measurements  

The following table presents the balance of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

At July 31, 2016, the Company did not have any liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis. 

At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $8.1 million and $9.1
million, respectively, in investments in hedge funds, which were included in  Investments  in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. The Company s investments in hedge funds are accounted for using the equity method or the cost method, therefore
investments in hedge funds are not measured at fair value. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments   

 The estimated fair value of the Company s other financial
instruments was determined using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable
judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently, the estimates are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents,
other current assets, customer deposits, note payable current portion and other current liabilities.  At July 31, 2016
and 2015, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value because of the short period of time to maturity.
The fair value estimates for cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents were classified as Level 1 and other
current assets, customer deposits, note payable current portion and other current liabilities were classified as Level 2
of the fair value hierarchy. 

Other assets and other liabilities.  At July 31, 2016 and
2015, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value. The fair values were estimated based on the
Company s assumptions, which were classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company s investments at July 31, 2016 and 2015 included
investments in the equity of certain privately held entities and other investments that are accounted for at cost. It is not practicable
to estimate the fair value of these investments because of the lack of a quoted market price for the shares of these entities,
and the inability to estimate their fair value without incurring excessive cost. The carrying value of these investments was $7.0
million and $3.4 million at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which the Company believes was not impaired. 

Note 5 Derivative Instruments  

Prior to the Zedge Spin-Off, the primary risk managed by the Company
using derivative instruments was foreign exchange risk. Foreign exchange forward contracts were entered into as hedges against
unfavorable fluctuations in the U.S. dollar   Norwegian krone ( NOK ) exchange rate. Zedge is based in Norway
and much of its operations are located in Norway. Subsequent to the Zedge Spin-Off, the Company provides hedging services to Zedge
pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement (see Note 20) until Zedge establishes a credit facility and is able to enter into
foreign exchange contracts. The Company did not apply hedge accounting to these contracts, therefore the changes in fair value
were recorded in earnings. By using derivative instruments to mitigate exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates, the Company
was exposed to credit risk from the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the contract. The Company minimized
the credit or repayment risk by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 

The fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as
assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

July 31  (in thousands)    
          
     2016       
     2015     
 
     Asset Derivatives    
     Balance Sheet Location    

Derivatives not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments:    

Foreign exchange forwards    
     Other current assets     
     $          
     $  38     

The fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

July 31  (in thousands)    
          
     2016       
     2015     
 
     Liability Derivatives    
     Balance Sheet Location    

Derivatives not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments:    

Foreign exchange forwards    
     Other current liabilities     
     $          
     $  39     

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements
of operations were as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives     

Year ended July 31,     
 
     (in thousands)    
     2016       
     2015       
     2014     
 
     Derivatives not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments    
     Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives    

Foreign exchange forwards    
     Other income (expense), net     
     $  (145  )    
     $  (58  )    
     $        

Note 6 Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment consist of the following: 

In fiscal 2016, the Company reduced gross property, plant and equipment
and accumulated depreciation and amortization by $476.4 million for property, plant and equipment that was fully depreciated and
no longer in service at or prior to July 31, 2015. The gross property, plant and equipment and accumulated depreciation and amortization
balances at July 31, 2015 were restated to conform to the current year s presentation, since the restatement was deemed immaterial. 

The Company owns its headquarters building located at 520 Broad
Street, Newark, New Jersey and a related parking garage. In fiscal 2014, the Company began renovations of the first four floors
of its 520 Broad Street building in order to move its personnel and offices located at 550 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey to
520 Broad Street. In April and May 2015, the Company moved its Newark operations back into its building at 520 Broad Street and
vacated its leased office space at 550 Broad Street. In April 2016, the Company entered into two leases for space in the building.
The first lease is for a portion of the sixth floor for an eleven year term, of which the first six years are non-cancellable.
The second lease is for a portion of the ground floor and basement for a term of ten years, seven months. The tenant under this
lease has the right to extend the term for three consecutive periods of five years each. The leases will commence after the completion
of the Company s work to prepare the space for the tenant s possession. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the carrying value
of the land, building and improvements at 520 Broad Street was $45.6 million and $44.4 million, respectively. 

Depreciation and amortization expense of property, plant and equipment
was $20.1 million, $18.0 million and $15.7 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangibles  

The table below reconciles the change in the carrying amount of
goodwill by operating segment for the period from July 31, 2014 to July 31, 2016: 

The table below presents information on the Company s other
intangible assets: 

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $0.4 million, $0.4
million and $0.6 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. The Company estimates that amortization expense
of intangible assets with finite lives will be $0.3 million, $0.1 million, $0.1 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million in fiscal
2017, fiscal 2018, fiscal 2019, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Note 8 IDT Financial Services Ltd. Transactions  

In December 2015, MasterCard Europe released a security deposit
in the amount of $4.7 million made by IDT Financial Services Ltd. At July 31, 2015, this security deposit was included in  Other
assets  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

In June 2016, Visa Inc. acquired Visa Europe Limited
for cash, shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock and a deferred cash payment. IDT Financial Services Ltd. was a member of
Visa Europe and received cash of  5.0 million ($5.6 million on the acquisition date), 1,830 shares of Series C preferred
stock and deferred payment receivable of  0.4 million ($0.5 million on the acquisition date). The Visa Inc. Series C preferred
stock is accounted for using the cost method. At July 31, 2016, the carrying value of these shares was $1.6 million. The 1,830
shares of Visa Inc. Series C preferred stock are convertible into 25,532 shares of Visa Inc. Class A common stock. The shares
of preferred stock become fully convertible in 2028. Beginning in 2020, Visa Inc. will assess whether it is appropriate to effect
a partial conversion. The preferred stock shares may only be transferred to other former Visa Europe members, or to existing qualifying
holders of Visa Inc. s Class B common stock. In addition, the preferred stock will not be registered under the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933 and therefore is not transferable unless such transfer is registered or an exemption from registration is available.
The deferred payment receivable plus 4% compounded annual interest is due in June 2019. In fiscal 2016, the Company recorded a
gain of $7.5 million from the sale of its member interest in Visa Europe. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note
9 Other Operating (Losses) Gains, Net  

The
following table summarizes the other operating (losses) gains, net by business segment:  

(a)    In
                                         fiscal 2014, the Company received proceeds from insurance of $0.6 million related to
                                         water damage to portions of the Company s building and improvements at 520 Broad
                                         Street, Newark, New Jersey. The damage occurred in a prior period. The Company recorded
                                         a gain of $0.6 million from this insurance claim.    

Note
10 Revolving Credit Loan Payable  

The
Company s subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., entered into a credit agreement, dated July 12, 2012, with TD Bank, N.A. for a
line of credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working
capital requirements, acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. The line of credit facility is secured by primarily
all of IDT Telecom s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum, at the option of IDT Telecom, at either
(a) the U.S. Prime Rate less 125 basis points, or (b) the LIBOR rate adjusted by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement
plus 150 basis points. Interest is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on
the maturity date. In January 2016, the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2018. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were
no amounts outstanding under the facility. The Company intends to borrow under the facility from time to time. IDT Telecom pays
a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the $25.0 million
commitment. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial
targets and ratios during the term of the line of credit, including IDT Telecom may not pay any dividend on its capital stock
and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates or subsidiaries may not exceed $110.0 million. At July 31,
2016 and 2015, there were no amounts utilized for letters of credit under the line of credit, IDT Telecom was in compliance with
all of the covenants, and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates and subsidiaries was $91.1 million and
$90.1 million, respectively.  

Note
11 Note Payable  

The
Company s note payable consisted of the following:  

Interest
on the loan was 5.6% per annum. The outstanding principal of $6.4 million was paid on the maturity date of September 1, 2015.
The loan was secured by a mortgage on a building in Piscataway, New Jersey.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note
12 Accrued Expenses  

Accrued
expenses consist of the following:  

Note
13 Severance Expense  

In
July 2016, the Company completed a reduction of its workforce and incurred severance expense of $6.3 million in fiscal 2016. Severance
expense in fiscal 2016 also included $0.2 million unrelated to the July 2016 workforce reduction. At July 31, 2016, there was
accrued severance of $5.7 million included in  Accrued expenses  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for
the July 2016 workforce reduction.     

In
February and March 2015, the Company completed a reduction of its workforce and incurred severance expense of $6.2 million in
fiscal 2015. Severance expense in fiscal 2015 also included $1.9 million due to a downsizing of certain IDT Telecom sales and
administrative functions in Europe and the U.S in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, and an additional $0.2 million in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2015. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there was accrued severance of $0.1 million and $3.7 million, respectively,
included in  Accrued expenses  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for the February and March 2015 headcount
reductions.     

Note
14 Other Income (Expense), Net  

Other
income (expense), net consists of the following:  

Note
15 Income Taxes  

The
components of income before income taxes are as follows:  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Significant
components of the Company s deferred income tax assets consist of the following:  

The
provision for income taxes consists of the following:  

In
fiscal 2014, the Company determined that its valuation allowance on the losses of IDT Global, a U.K. subsidiary, were no longer
required due to an internal reorganization that generated income and a projection that the income would continue. The Company
recorded a benefit from income taxes of $4.1 million in fiscal 2014 from the full recognition of the IDT Global deferred tax assets.  

The
differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and income taxes provided are as follows:  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

At July 31, 2016, the Company had federal and state net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $175 million. This carry-forward loss is available to offset future U.S. federal and state
taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in fiscal 2017, with fiscal 2016 s loss expiring
in fiscal 2037. The Company has foreign net operating losses of approximately $183 million, of which approximately $114 million
does not expire and approximately $69 million expires in two to nine years. These foreign net operating losses are available to
offset future taxable income in the countries in which the losses were incurred. The Company s subsidiary, Net2Phone, which
provides voice over Internet protocol communications services, has additional federal net operating losses of approximately $77
million, which will expire through fiscal 2027. With the reacquisition of Net2Phone by the Company in March 2006, its losses were
limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 to approximately $7 million per year. The net operating losses do not include
any excess benefits related to stock options or restricted stock. 

The
Company has not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings, since such earnings are permanently reinvested outside
the United States. The cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in accumulated deficit in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets, and consisted of approximately $324 million at July 31, 2016. Upon distribution of these foreign earnings to the
Company s domestic entities, the Company may be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding of foreign taxes, however,
it is not practicable to determine the amount, if any, which would be paid.  

The
change in the valuation allowance is as follows:  

The
table below summarizes the change in the balance of unrecognized income tax benefits:  

Year ended July 31   (in thousands)    
     2016       
     2015       
     2014     
 
     Balance at beginning of year     
     $          
     $          
     $  356     
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to the current year     

Additions for tax positions of prior years     

Reductions for tax positions of prior years     

Settlements     

(356  )  
 
     Lapses of statutes of limitations     

Balance at end of year     
     $          
     $          
     $        

At
July 31, 2016, the Company did not have any unrecognized income tax benefits and did not expect any changes in the next twelve
months. If the Company recognized any unrecognized income tax benefits, it would affect the effective tax rate. In fiscal 2016,
fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, the Company did not record any interest and penalties on income taxes. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015,
there was no accrued interest included in current income taxes payable.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

In
August 2016, the Company and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority entered into an incentive agreement pursuant to which
the Company may receive corporation business tax credits in exchange for investment in a qualified business facility and employment
of the required number of full-time employees. The corporation business tax credits to be received are a maximum of $24.3 million.
The Company is required to invest $5.3 million in its building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey, as well as retain
528 full-time jobs and create 40 new full-time jobs in New Jersey. The Company may claim a tax credit each tax year for ten years
beginning when the Economic Development Authority accepts the Company s project completion certification. The Company must
submit the project completion certification on or before December 9, 2016. The tax credit can be applied to 100% of the Company s
New Jersey tax liability each year, and the unused amount of the annual credit can be carried forward. In addition, the Company
may apply for a tax credit transfer certificate to sell unused tax credits to another business. The tax credits must be sold for
no less than 75% of the value of the tax credits. The tax credits are subject to reduction, forfeiture and recapture if, among
other things, the number of full-time employees declines below the program or statewide minimum.  

The
Company currently remains subject to examinations of its tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal 2013 to fiscal
2016, state and local tax returns generally for fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2016 and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal 2012 to
fiscal 2016.  

Note
16 Equity  

Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock  

The
rights of holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical except for certain voting and conversion rights
and restrictions on transferability. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock receive identical dividends
per share when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors. In addition, the holders of Class A common stock and
Class B common stock have identical and equal priority rights per share in liquidation. The Class A common stock and Class B common
stock do not have any other contractual participation rights. The holders of Class A common stock are entitled to three votes
per share and the holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share. Each share of Class A common
stock may be converted into one share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option of the holder. Shares of Class A common
stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class B common stock.  

Dividend
Payments  

 In fiscal 2016, the Company paid aggregate cash dividends
of $0.75 per share on its Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $17.4 million in total. In fiscal 2015, the Company
paid aggregate cash dividends of $2.03 per share on its Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $47.6 million in total.
The aggregate cash dividends included special dividends of $0.68 per share and $0.64 per share paid in November 2014 and January
2015, respectively. In fiscal 2014, the Company paid aggregate cash dividends of $0.59 per share on its Class A common stock and
Class B common stock, or $13.6 million in total. 

In
September 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter of fiscal
2016 to holders of the Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The dividend will be paid on or about October
20, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 11, 2016.  

Purchase
of Shares from Howard S. Jonas  

 On June 25, 2015, the Company purchased 404,967 shares
of its Class B common stock from Howard Jonas. The purchase price was $18.52 per share, the share price at the close of business
on June 23, 2015. The aggregate purchase price was $7.5 million. 

Stock
Repurchases  

  The
Company had a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 8.3 million shares of the Company s Class
B common stock. On January 22, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up
to 8.0 million shares of the Company s Class B common stock and cancelled the previous stock repurchase program, which
had 4.6 million shares remaining available for repurchase. In fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased 398,376 shares of Class B common
stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4.6 million. In fiscal 2015, the Company repurchased 29,675 shares of Class B common
stock for an aggregate purchase price of $0.4 million. There were no repurchases under the program in fiscal 2014. At July 31,
2016, 8.0 million shares remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

In
fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, the Company paid $0.1 million, $2.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively, to repurchase
shares of Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of the Company to satisfy the employees  tax withholding
obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of restricted stock. Such shares are repurchased by the Company
based on their fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. In fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2014, the Company repurchased 11,250; 152,856 and 34,206 shares of Class B common stock, respectively, from employees.  

Equity
Sale Prior to the Zedge Spin-Off  

  In
connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, in May 2016, Zedge sold shares of its Class B common stock representing approximately 10.0%
of its capital stock to certain of its equity holders, including the Company, for $3 million. The other purchasers paid $0.4 million
of the total and the Company paid $2.6 million.  

Purchases
of Stock of Subsidiary  

  In
August 2013, Fabrix and another wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company purchased shares of Fabrix for aggregate cash of $1.1 million.
The shares were purchased from holders of noncontrolling interests in Fabrix representing 2.8% of the equity in Fabrix, which
increased the Company s ownership in Fabrix to 88.4%.  

Adjustment
to Liabilities in connection with the Straight Path Spin-Off  

  The
Company s Separation and Distribution Agreement with Straight Path included, among other things, that the Company is obligated
to reimburse Straight Path for the payment of liabilities of Straight Path arising or related to the period prior to the Straight
Path Spin-Off (see Note 20). In fiscal 2014, the Company increased its estimated liability for this obligation by $1.9 million,
of which $1.6 million was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital.  

Note
17 Stock-Based Compensation  

Stock-Based
Compensation Plans  

  On
December 15, 2014, the Company s stockholders ratified the 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, which became effective
on January 1, 2015. The 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan is intended to provide incentives to officers, employees, directors
and consultants of the Company, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, limited rights, deferred stock units, and
restricted stock. On December 14, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2015 Stock Option and Incentive
Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the grant of awards thereunder
by an additional 0.1 million shares. At July 31, 2016, the Company had 0.6 million shares of Class B common stock reserved for
award under its 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 0.2 million shares were available for future grants.  

On October 13, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors amended
the 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available
for the grant of awards thereunder by an additional 0.1 million shares. The amendment is subject to ratification by the Company s
stockholders. 

In
fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, there was no income tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation
cost recognized for the Company s stock-based compensation.  

Stock
Options  

  Option
awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant.
Option awards generally vest on a graded basis over three years of service and have ten-year contractual terms. The fair value
of stock options was estimated on the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes valuation model and the assumptions in the following
table. No option awards were granted in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2014. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of
the Company s Class B common stock and other factors. The Company uses historical data on exercise of stock options, post
vesting forfeitures and other factors to estimate the expected term of the stock-based payments granted. The risk free rate is
based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

A
summary of stock option activity for the Company is as follows:  

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted by the Company during fiscal 2015 was $7.94. The total intrinsic value
of options exercised during fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 was nil, $1.3 million and $0.2 million, respectively. At
July 31, 2016, there was $0.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years.  

On
June 7, 2016, in connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved
a $2.25 reduction in the per share exercise price of all outstanding options to purchase the Company s Class B common stock.
The Company accounted for the reduction in the exercise price of the Company s outstanding stock options as a modification.
The Company determined that there was no incremental value from the modification, and therefore, the Company did not record a
stock-based compensation charge.  

In
August 2013, in connection with the Straight Path Spin-Off, the per share exercise price of each outstanding option to purchase
the Company s Class B common stock was reduced by 15.29%. The adjustment was based on the change in the trading price of
the Company s Class B common stock following the Straight Path Spin-Off. Further, each holder of options to purchase the
Company s Class B common stock shared ratably in a pool of options to purchase 32,155 shares of Straight Path Class B common
stock. The Company accounted for the August 2013 reduction in the exercise price of the Company s outstanding stock options
and the grant of new options in Straight Path as a modification. The Company determined that there was no incremental value from
the modification, and therefore, the Company did not record a stock-based compensation charge.  

Restricted
Stock  

  The
fair value of restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock is determined based on the closing price of the Company s
Class B common stock on the grant date. Share awards generally vest on a graded basis over three years of service.  

A
summary of the status of the Company s grants of restricted shares of Class B common stock is presented below:  

At
July 31, 2016, there was $3.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.0 years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested
in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 was $1.3 million, $5.6 million and $8.7 million, respectively.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note
18 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

The
accumulated balances for each classification of other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows:  

Note
19  Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal
Proceedings  

  On
May 5, 2004, the Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, seeking injunctive
relief and damages against Tyco Group, S.A.R.L., Tyco Telecommunications (US) Inc. (f/k/a TyCom (US) Inc.), Tyco International,
Ltd., Tyco International (US) Inc., and TyCom Ltd. (collectively  Tyco ). The Company alleged that Tyco breached a
settlement agreement that it had entered into with the Company to resolve certain disputes and civil actions among the parties.
The Company alleged that Tyco did not provide the Company, as required under the settlement agreement, free of charge and for
the Company s exclusive use, a 15-year indefeasible right to use four Wavelengths in Ring Configuration (as defined in the
settlement agreement) on a global undersea fiber optic network that Tyco was deploying at that time. After extensive proceedings,
including several decisions and appeals, the New York Court of Appeals affirmed a lower court decision to dismiss the Company s
claim and denied the Company s motion for re-argument of that decision. On June 23, 2015, the Company filed a new summons
and complaint against Tyco in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York alleging that Tyco breached the settlement
agreement. In September 2015, Tyco filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which the Company opposed. Oral arguments were held
on March 9, 2016. The parties are awaiting a decision from the Court.  

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business
and have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company believes that none of the
other legal proceedings to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

Purchase
Commitments  

  The
Company had purchase commitments of $1.6 million as of July 31, 2016.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Lease
Commitments  

  The
future minimum payments for operating leases as of July 31, 2016 are as follows:  

Rental
expense under operating leases was $3.2 million, $6.1 million and $6.4 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.
In addition, connectivity charges under operating leases were $7.5 million, $8.4 million and $10.4 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal
2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Letters
of Credit  

  At
July 31, 2016, the Company had letters of credit outstanding totaling $0.1 million for IDT Telecom s business. The letters
of credit outstanding at July 31, 2016 expire in the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017.  

Performance
Bonds  

  IDT
Payment Services and IDT Telecom have performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order
to comply with the states  financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers, respectively.
At July 31, 2016, the Company had aggregate performance bonds of $13.4 million outstanding.  

Customer
Deposits  

  At
July 31, 2016 and 2015,  Customer deposits  in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included refundable
customer deposits of $95.8 million and $84.5 million, respectively, related to IDT Financial Services Ltd., the Company s
Gibraltar-based bank.  

Substantially
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents  

  The
Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services and IDT Financial Services Ltd. as substantially
restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At July 31, 2016 and 2015,  Cash and cash equivalents  in the Company s
consolidated balance sheets included an aggregate of $16.0 million and $7.5 million, respectively, held by IDT Payment Services
and IDT Financial Services Ltd. that was unavailable for other purposes.  

Restricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents  

  Restricted
cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:  

Other
Contingencies  

  On
September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the Federal Communications Commission
( FCC ) requesting certain information and materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight
Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary of the Company and currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses
to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave Services. The Company intends to cooperate with the FCC in this
matter and the Company is in the process of responding to the letter of inquiry. The FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory
penalties or civil liability on the Company related to activities during the period of ownership by the Company. Further, should
the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, the Company could be the subject of a claim from Straight Path related to that liability.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note
20 Related Party Transactions  

The
Company entered into various agreements with Zedge prior to the Zedge Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement
to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Zedge after the Zedge Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation
Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and Zedge with respect to, among other things, liabilities for
federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Zedge Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax
returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to the Separation and
Distribution Agreement, among other things, the Company indemnifies Zedge and Zedge indemnifies the Company for losses related
to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement.
Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, Zedge indemnifies the Company from all liability for taxes of Zedge
and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business accruing after the Zedge Spin-Off, and the Company
indemnifies Zedge from all liability for taxes of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business
with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Zedge Spin-Off.  

In
connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, the Company and Zedge entered into a Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company
provides to Zedge certain administrative and other services, including services relating to human resources, payroll, investor
relations, legal, accounting, tax, financial systems, management consulting and foreign exchange risk management. The Company
charged Zedge $0.6 million in fiscal 2016 for services provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement. At July 31, 2016,
other current assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheet included receivables from Zedge of $0.3 million.  

The
Company entered into various agreements with Straight Path prior to the Straight Path Spin-Off including (1) a Separation and
Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for the Company s relationship with Straight Path
after the spin-off, (2) a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and Straight Path with
respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the spin-off,
the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods,
and (3) a Transition Services Agreement, which provides for certain services to be performed by the Company to facilitate Straight
Path s transition into a separate publicly-traded company. These agreements provide for, among other things, the allocation
between the Company and Straight Path of employee benefits, taxes and other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods
prior to the spin-off, and provision of certain services by the Company to Straight Path following the spin-off, including services
relating to human resources and employee benefits administration, treasury, accounting, tax, external reporting, and legal. Straight
Path transitioned accounting and external reporting services from the Company to a third party in the first quarter of fiscal
2015. In addition, the Company and Straight Path have entered into a license agreement whereby each of the Company, Straight Path
and their subsidiaries granted and will grant a license to the other to utilize patents held by each entity.  

The
Separation and Distribution Agreement also includes that the Company is obligated to reimburse Straight Path for the payment of
liabilities of Straight Path arising or related to the period prior to the Straight Path Spin-Off. The following table summarizes
the change in the balance of the Company s estimated liability to Straight Path, which is included in  Other current
liabilities  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet:  

Pursuant
to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Company indemnifies Straight Path and Straight Path indemnifies the Company
for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, the Company indemnifies Straight Path from all liability
for taxes of Straight Path or any of its subsidiaries or relating to the Straight Path business with respect to taxable periods
ending on or before the Straight Path Spin-Off, from all liability for taxes of the Company, other than Straight Path and its
subsidiaries, for any taxable period, and from all liability for taxes due to the Straight Path Spin-Off.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The
Company charged Straight Path nil, $1.1 million and $0.8 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively, for
services provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement and other items. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
receivable from Straight Path was nil and nil, respectively.  

In
July 2015, the Company received 64,624 shares of Straight Path Class B common stock in connection with the lapsing of restrictions
on awards of Straight Path restricted stock to certain of the Company s employees and the payment of taxes related thereto
(see Note 3). As part of the Straight Path Spin-Off, holders of the Company s restricted Class B common stock received,
in respect of those restricted shares, one share of Straight Path s Class B common stock for every two restricted shares
of the Company that they held as of the record date for the Straight Path Spin-Off. The Company received the Straight Path shares
in exchange for the payment of an aggregate of $2.1 million for the employees  tax withholding obligations upon the vesting
event. The number of shares was determined based on their fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting
date. In September and October 2015, the Company sold all of the shares for $2.6 million and recorded a gain on the sale of $0.5
million.  

On
October 28, 2011, the Company completed a pro rata distribution of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary, Genie Energy
Ltd. ( Genie ), to the Company s stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2011 (the
 Genie Spin-Off ). The Company entered into various agreements with Genie prior to the Genie Spin-Off including a
Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for the Company s relationship with
Genie after the spin-off, and a Transition Services Agreement, which provides for certain services to be performed by the Company
and Genie to facilitate Genie s transition into a separate publicly-traded company. These agreements provide for, among
other things, (1) the allocation between the Company and Genie of employee benefits, taxes and other liabilities and obligations
attributable to periods prior to the spin-off, (2) transitional services to be provided by the Company relating to human resources
and employee benefits administration, (3) the allocation of responsibilities relating to employee compensation and benefit plans
and programs and other related matters, (4) finance, accounting, tax, internal audit, facilities, external reporting, investor
relations and legal services to be provided by the Company to Genie following the spin-off and (5) specified administrative services
to be provided by Genie to certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the Company entered into a Tax Separation
Agreement with Genie, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and Genie with respect to, among other things, liabilities
for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the spin-off, the preparation and filing of tax returns
for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.  

Pursuant
to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Company indemnifies Genie and Genie indemnifies the Company for losses related
to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement.
Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, the Company indemnifies Genie from all liability for the Company s taxes with
respect to any taxable period, and Genie indemnifies the Company from all liability for taxes of Genie and its subsidiaries with
respect to any taxable period, including, without limitation, the ongoing tax audits related to Genie s business.  

The
Company s Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer, Howard S. Jonas, is the controlling stockholder and
Chairman of the Board of Genie. The Company charged Genie $2.2 million, $3.6 million and $3.1 million in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015
and fiscal 2014, respectively, for services provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement and other items, net of the
amounts charged by Genie to the Company. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, other current assets reported in the Company s consolidated
balance sheet included receivables from Genie of $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively.  

IDT
Energy, Inc., a subsidiary of Genie, supplied electricity to the Company s facilities in Piscataway, New Jersey, and Newark,
New Jersey through January 2013. IDT Energy also supplied natural gas to the Company s Newark, New Jersey building until
April 2013, and IDT Energy supplies natural gas to the Company s facility in Piscataway, New Jersey. In fiscal 2014, IDT
Energy, Inc. billed the Company $16,000.  

The
Company provides office space, certain connectivity and other services to Jonas Media Group, a publishing firm owned by Howard
Jonas. Billings for such services were $22,000, $21,000 and $18,000 in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.
The balance owed to the Company by Jonas Media Group was $6,000 and $7,000 as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The
Company obtains insurance policies from several insurance brokers, one of which is IGM Brokerage Corp. ( IGM ). IGM
was, until his death in October 2009, owned by Irwin Jonas, father of Howard Jonas, and the Company s General Counsel, Joyce
J. Mason. IGM is currently owned by Irwin Jonas  widow the mother of Howard Jonas and Joyce Mason. Jonathan Mason,
husband of Joyce Mason and brother-in-law of Howard Jonas, provides insurance brokerage services via IGM. Based on information
the Company received from IGM, the Company believes that IGM received commissions and fees from payments made by the Company to
third party brokers in the aggregate amounts of $22,000 in fiscal 2016, $20,000 in fiscal 2015 and $20,000 in fiscal 2014, which
fees and commissions inured to the benefit of Mr. Mason. Neither Howard Jonas nor Joyce Mason has any ownership or other interest
in IGM or the commissions paid to IGM other than via the familial relationships with their mother and Jonathan Mason.  

Mason
and Company Consulting, LLC ( Mason and Co. ), a company owned solely by Jonathan Mason, receives an annual fee for
the insurance brokerage referral and placement of the Company s health benefit plan with Brown   Brown Metro, Inc. Based
on information the Company received from Jonathan Mason, the Company believes that Mason and Co. received from Brown   Brown
Metro, Inc. commissions and fees from payments made by the Company in the amount of $24,000 in fiscal 2016, $18,000 in fiscal
2015 and $18,000 in fiscal 2014. Neither Howard Jonas nor Joyce Mason has any ownership or other interest in Mason and Co. or
the commissions paid to Mason and Co., other than via the familial relationships with Jonathan Mason.  

Since
August 2009, IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, has leased space in a building in the Bronx, New York. Howard
Jonas and Shmuel Jonas, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and the son of Howard Jonas, are members of the limited liability
company that owns the building. The latest lease, which became effective November 1, 2012, had a one-year term with a one-year
renewal option for IDT Domestic Telecom with the same terms. Aggregate annual rent under the lease was $69,025. The parties have
continued IDT Domestic Telecom s occupancy of the space on the same terms.  

The
Company had net loans receivable outstanding from employees aggregating $0.2 million and $0.3 million at July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, which are included in  Other current assets  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  

At
July 31, 2016, the Company had a payable of $92,400 to Howard Jonas.  

Note
21 Defined Contribution Plans  

The
Company maintains a 401(k) Plan available to all employees meeting certain eligibility criteria. The Plan permits participants
to contribute up to 20% of their salary, not to exceed the limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan provides
for discretionary matching contributions of 50%, up to the first 6% of compensation. The discretionary matching contributions
vest over the first five years of employment. The Plan permits the discretionary matching contributions to be granted as of December
31 of each year. All contributions made by participants vest immediately into the participant s account. In fiscal 2016,
fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, the Company s cost for contributions to the Plan was $1.4 million, $1.3 million and $1.1 million,
respectively. In fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, the Company contributed 94,712 shares, 70,843 shares and 72,281 shares,
respectively, of the Company s Class B common stock to the Plan for matching contributions. The Company s Class A
common stock and Class B common stock are not investment options for the Plan s participants.  

Note
22 Business Segment Information  

The
Company has two reportable business segments, Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services. Operating segments that are
not reportable individually are included in All Other. The Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service,
customers and methods used to provide their services. The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed
by the Company s chief operating decision maker.  

The Telecom Platform Services segment provides retail telecommunications
and payment offerings as well as wholesale international long distance traffic termination. The Consumer Phone Services segment
provides consumer local and long distance services in certain U.S. states. Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services
comprise the IDT Telecom division. All Other includes the Company s real estate holdings and other smaller businesses. Prior
to the Zedge Spin-Off, All Other included Zedge, which provides a content platform that enables consumers to personalize their
mobile devices with free, high quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons and notification sounds. Until the sale of
Fabrix in October 2014, All Other also included Fabrix, a software development company offering a cloud-based scale-out storage
and computing platform optimized for big data, virtualization and media storage, processing and delivery. Corporate costs include
certain services, such as compensation, consulting fees, treasury and accounts payable, tax and accounting services, human resources
and payroll, corporate purchasing, corporate governance including Board of Directors  fees, internal and external audit,
investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate legal, business development, and other corporate-related general and administrative
expenses including, among others, facilities costs, charitable contributions and travel, as well as depreciation expense on corporate
assets. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues. 

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. The Company evaluates the
performance of its business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. IDT Telecom depreciation and amortization
are allocated to Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services because the related assets are not tracked separately by
segment. There are no other significant asymmetrical allocations to segments.  

Operating
results for the business segments of the Company were as follows:  

Total
assets for the reportable segments are not provided because a significant portion of the Company s assets are servicing
multiple segments and the Company does not track such assets separately by segment.  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

The
Company s revenue from external customers for each service was as follows:  

Geographic
Information  

  Revenue
from customers located outside of the United States as a percentage of total revenues from continuing operations and revenue from
customers located in the United Kingdom as a percentage of total revenues from continuing operations were as follows. Revenues
by country are determined based on selling location.  

Net
long-lived assets and total assets held outside of the United States, which are located primarily in Western Europe, were as follows:  

IDT CORPORATION  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

Note
23 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  

The
table below presents selected quarterly financial data of the Company for its fiscal quarters in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015:  

(a)    Included
                                         in income from operations was gain on sale of interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd. of $1.1
                                         million.    

(b)    Included
                                         in income from operations was severance expense of $6.3 million and gain on sale of member
                                         interest in Visa Europe Ltd. of $7.5 million.    

(c)    Included
                                         in income from operations was gain on sale of interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd. of $75.1
                                         million.    

(d)    Included
                                         in income from operations was severance expense of $6.2 million, gain on sale of interest
                                         in Fabrix Systems Ltd. of $1.2 million and other operating losses of $1.6 million.    

F-37 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 f10k2016ex21i_idtcorp.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21.01   

DOMESTIC
SUBSIDIARIES  

IDT
    America, Corp. (NJ)  
         
      IDT
    Payment Services, Inc. (DE)   
 
      IDT
    Domestic Telecom, Inc. (DE)  
         
      IDT
    Telecom, Inc. (DE)   
 
      National
    Retail Solutions, Inc. (DE)  
         
      Net2Phone,
    Inc. (DE)   
 
      IDT
    Financial Services, LLC (DE)  
         
      Net2Phone
    Global Services, LLC (DE)   
 
      IDT
    Payment Services of New York, LLC (DE)  

FOREIGN
SUBSIDIARIES  

Name    
        Country
of Formation     
 
     IDT Corporation de Argentina S.A.    
     Argentina  
 
     Expercom S.A.    
     Belgium  
 
     IDT Europe B.V.B.A.    
     Belgium  
 
     IDT Brasil Telecomunica  es Ltda    
     Brazil  
 
     IDT Brazil Limitada    
     Brazil  
 
     IDT Telecom Canada Corp.    
     Canada  
 
     IDT Germany GmbH    
     Germany  
 
     IDT Financial Services Limited    
     Gibraltar  
 
     IDT Telecom Asia Pacific Limited    
     Hong Kong  
 
     IDT Italia S.R.L.    
     Italy  
 
     DirectTel Dutch Holdings B.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     DYP C.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     IDT Dutch Holdings B.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     Elmion Netherlands B.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     MJP C.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     Pryd Dutch Holdings B.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     STA Dutch Holdings B.V.    
     Netherlands  
 
     IDT Spain S.L.    
     Spain  
 
     IDT Global Limited    
     United Kingdom  
 
     IDT Retail Europe Limited         
     United Kingdom       

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 f10k2016ex23i_idtcorp.htm
 CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP

Exhibit
23.01   

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We have issued our reports dated October 14, 2016, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of IDT Corporation
on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration
Statements of IDT Corporation on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-53719, File No. 333-61565, File No. 333-71991, File No. 333-77395, File
No. 333-80133, File No. 333-86261, File No. 333-104286, File No. 333-115403, and File No. 333-119190) and Forms S-8 (File No.
333-73167, File No. 333-100424, File No. 333-105865, File No. 333-116266, File No. 333-130287, File No. 333-130288, File No. 333-130562,
File No. 333-146718, File No. 333-154257, File No. 333-177247, File No. 333-199299 and File No. 333-208447).  

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 f10k2016ex31i_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.01   

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer   

   pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Shmuel Jonas, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation;   

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;   

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;   

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
                                         and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                                         13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
                                         Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and   

(d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
                                         recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
                                         performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and   

(b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel
    Jonas    

Chief
    Executive Officer    

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 f10k2016ex31ii_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.02   

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer   

   pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Marcelo Fischer, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation;   

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;   

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;   

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
                                         and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                                         13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
                                         Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and   

(d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
                                         recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
                                         performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and   

(b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Marcelo Fischer   

Marcelo
    Fischer    

Senior
    Vice President-Finance    

(Principal
    Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 f10k2016ex32i_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01   

IDT
CORPORATION   

Certification
Pursuant to   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350   

   (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002)   

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Shmuel Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
October 14, 2016  
 
      /s/
    Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel
    Jonas    

Chief
    Executive Officer    

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 f10k2016ex32ii_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.02   

IDT
CORPORATION   

Certification
Pursuant to   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350   

   (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002)   

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Marcelo Fischer, Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date: October 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Marcelo Fischer  

Marcelo
    Fischer   

Senior
    Vice President-Finance   

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 idt-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 idt-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 idt-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 idt-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 idt-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 idt-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

