<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1497251_0001511164-16-001114_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1067043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>49619</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>76498</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>247357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>311087</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>309279</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001511164-16-001114.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114083334
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001511164-16-001114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ezy Cloud Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497251
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				273074682
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54349
		FILM NUMBER:		161990823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		138 CECIL STREET #09-02
		CITY:			CECIL COURT
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			069538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016 202 9898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		138 CECIL STREET #09-02
		CITY:			CECIL COURT
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			069538

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AcroBoo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001511164-16-001114.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q9302016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D. C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-Q  
   
 R     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES    
   EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   
 For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016 
   
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES    
   AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
   
 Commission file number: 000-54349 
   
   EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC.   
  (Exact Name of Registrant Issuer as Specified in Its Charter)  

Nevada  
    27-3074682  
  
    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

138 Cecil Street #09-02  
  Cecil Court  
  Singapore 069538  
   (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
   
  +60 16 202 9898  
   (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No       
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No       
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
        
        Large Accelerated Filer 
       
   Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 
       
   Smaller Reporting Company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES           NO       
   
 As of November 9, 2016, 2,377,232shares of its ($0.001 par value) common stock were issued and outstanding. 

1 

EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC.  
   
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  
  (UNAUDITED)  

Table of Contents  

2 

EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC. (FORMERLY ACROBOO, INC.)  
  Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

3 

EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC. (FORMERLY ACROBOO, INC.)  
  Statements of Operations  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

4 

EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC. (FORMERLY ACROBOO, INC.)  
  Statements of Cash Flows  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

5 

EZY CLOUD HOLDING, INC. (FORMERLY ACROBOO, INC.)  
  Notes to Financial Statements  
  September 30, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  
   
  NOTE 1 - GENERAL BACKGROUND INFORMATION  
   
 Ezy Cloud Holding Inc., which may also be referred to as Ezy Cloud, the Company, we, our and us, was organized on June 14, 2010 (Date of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as AcroBoo, Inc.  We were incorporated as a subsidiary of Jagged Peak, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 
   
 Ezy Cloud (formerly AcroBoo, Inc.) is an e-commerce and supply chain solutions and services provider. Ezy Cloud is built on an OMS software platform that empowers multi-national corporations to successfully sell online and through other sales channels at multiple distribution points.  Ezy Cloud will offer products through different websites that include, but is not limited to: sunglasses, camping equipment, coffee products, home tools and lighting products.  While managing our own online stores, we were often approached by companies who needed help establishing an online presence.  We plan to leverage our knowledge and infrastructure to offer services to assist other retailers to expand their sales channel to the Web.  Our services have evolved to include online retailing, e-channel development, e-marketing and brand protection solutions.  Management views these as important abilities in running an on-line business and they are part of Ezy Cloud s operation to sell products and protect its brands.  Ezy Cloud on occasion plans to sell these services to clients desiring to run an on-line business but does not have their own in-house expertise.  This is only expected to be a small portion of the business in the beginning years as Ezy Cloud builds up the number of products it sells on-line. 
   
 Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2013, Ezy Cloud ceased providing services to customers and other activities that generate revenue. Ezy Cloud also ended its employment agreement with its sole paid employee. Significant costs after this period consisted primarily of audit and legal costs.  
   
 Ezy Cloud plans to search for new solutions that harness the power of the Internet to help companies drive revenue and expand their business.  The Company takes possession of inventory and generates most of its revenues based on product sales or a percentage of the customers  sales.  Management expects a small percent of its revenues will be generated from licensing its software products. 
   
  NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN  
   
 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit since inception of $721,266. 

6 

The Company has not generated significant revenues to date, and its ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations.  
   
 Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2013, Ezy Cloud ceased providing services to customers and other activities that generate revenue.  
   
 Management plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company.  Amounts raised will be used for further development of the Company s products, to provide financing for marketing and promotion and for other working capital purposes.  While the Company is putting forth its best efforts to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be available for operations. 
   
 These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 
   
  NOTE 3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
 The relevant accounting policies are listed below. 
   
  Basis of Accounting  
   
 The basis is United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  
   
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss is equal to net loss.  

7 

Advertising  
   
 Advertising costs are expensed when incurred.  The Company incurred $0 of sales and marketing expenses, including advertising, for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 The Company maintains deferred tax assets that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. These deferred tax assets consist of net operating loss carryforwards. The net deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance because of the Company s history of losses. Utilization of operating losses and credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership  
   
 Change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. 
   
 The income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are as follows: 

8 

The Company had the following deferred income tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for the period ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carry forwards. The potential tax benefits arising from these loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2026. 
   
 The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits.  
   
 The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS generally for three years after they file. 
   
  Year end  
   
 The Company s fiscal year-end is December 31. 
   
  Net Loss per Share  
   
 Basic loss per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Dilutive loss per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in the losses of the Company. Because the Company does not have any potentially dilutive securities, the accompanying presentation is only of basic loss per share. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values. These financial instruments include cash. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for cash because they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair values. 

9 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 The Company s management has evaluated all the recently issued accounting pronouncements through the filing date of these financial statements and does not believe that any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
   
  NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock.  
   
 On January 17, 2014, the Company issued 2,500 shares of the Company s common stock to Island Capital Management, LLC. 
   
 On November 9, 2010, the Company filed a Registration Statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on Form S-1.  The Registration became effective on April 7, 2011.   
   
 On May 10, 2011, Jagged Peak (the former parent corporation) spun off the Company. As part of the spin off agreement, Jagged Peak shareholders received one (1) share of Ezy Cloud common stock for every ten (10) shares of Jagged Peak owned on May 10, 2011, the record date, for a total of 1,624,732 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
   
 On June 30, 2014, the former parent company (Jagged Peak, Inc.) of Ezy Cloud agreed to release Ezy Cloud from its obligation to repay the non-interest bearing trade payable $349,098 balance due to Jagged Peak. Ezy Cloud recorded this transaction as Additional Paid in Capital. 
   
 On September 15, 2014, Ezy Cloud s former parent company, Jagged Peak, Inc., contributed capital of $32,700 for audit, legal and other general and administrative costs. Such contribution is not expected to be repaid. 
   
 On June 6, 2015, the board approved and issued 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Daniel R. Furlong, Paul Demirdjian and Vincent Fabrizzi each received 250,000 shares or one-third of the shares issued. These shares were issued for consideration of a shareholder contribution of $7,500.  Daniel R. Furlong, Paul Demirdjian and Vincent Fabrizzi each contributed $2,500, or one-third, of this shareholder contribution. The foregoing shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
   
 On April 22, 2015, the former parent company (Jagged Peak, Inc.) of Ezy Cloud paid $4,149 for certain expenses on behalf of Ezy Cloud. As of December 31, 2014, 1,627,232 shares of the Company s Common Stock are issued and outstanding. 

10 

On December 22, 2015, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat purchased an aggregate of 1,818,025 shares of the Company s common stock (76.48% of the outstanding shares) from four former shareholders of the Company for an aggregate purchase price of $335,000.  Of this purchase price, approximately $27,401 was contributed to EzyCloud to pay legal, accounting and general and administrative costs. This amount is not expected to be repaid and was recorded by Ezy Cloud as a capital contribution. Upon consummation of the change in control, there was a change in the Company s Board of Directors and executive officers.  Mr. Daniel R. Furlong, who served as our sole director and officer, resigned from all of his executive officer positions, and after expanding the number of members of the Board of Directors to two, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat was appointed to serve as a member of the board of directors, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat was appointed to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Secretary/Treasurer of the Company, effective on December 22, 2015.     
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat contributed capital of $74,413 for operating expenses. This contribution is not expected to be repaid. Ezy Cloud recorded this as a capital contribution. 
   
  NOTE 5   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
   
 The Company does not lease or rent any property.  Office services are provided without charge by a director.  Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and, accordingly, have not been reflected therein.  The officers and directors of the Company are involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities.  If a specific business opportunity becomes available, such persons may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and their other business interests.  The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. 
   
 The Company was formed by Jagged Peak, Inc. ( Jagged Peak ) on June 14, 2010 as an entity without share capital. As of June 30, 2015 certain executives and owners of Jagged Peak stock held a majority ownership share in the Company. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had an outstanding balance payable to Jagged Peak of $0. 
   
 On April 22, 2015, the former parent company (Jagged Peak, Inc.) of the Company paid $4,149 for certain expenses on behalf of the Company. This balance is not expected to be repaid.  
   
 On December 22, 2015, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat purchased an aggregate of 1,818,025 shares of our common stock (76.48% of the outstanding shares) from four former shareholders of the Company for an aggregate purchase price of $335,000 as detailed in Note 4. 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat contributed capital of $74,413 for operating expenses. This contribution is not expected to be repaid. Ezy Cloud recorded this as a capital contribution. 

11 

NOTE 6   SUBSEQUENT EVENT  
   
 The Company has evaluated the subsequent events for the period ended September 30, 2016 through November 14, 2016, the date the financial statements were issued.  No significant subsequent events were noted that would require recognition or disclosure through such date. 

12 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
   
 This discussion is intended to further the reader s understanding of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and related notes included elsewhere herein. This discussion also contains forward-looking statements. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of the risks and uncertainties set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and in the Company s other SEC filings. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company is not party to any transactions that would be considered  off balance sheet  pursuant to disclosure requirements under Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K.  
   
  Overview   
   
 Ezy Cloud is an e-commerce and supply chain solutions and services provider. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies   
   
 The relevant accounting policies are listed below. 
   
  Basis of Accounting  
   
 The basis is United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of six months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Advertising  
   
 Advertising costs are expensed when incurred.  The Company incurred $0 of sales and marketing expenses, including advertising, for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 
   
  Comprehensive Loss  
   
 Net loss is equal to comprehensive loss. 

13 

Income Taxes  
   
 The Company maintains deferred tax assets that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. These deferred tax assets consist of net operating loss carryforwards. The net deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance because of the Company s history of losses. Utilization of operating losses and credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. 
   
 The income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are as follows: 

14 

The Company had the following deferred income tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for the period ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carry forwards. The potential tax benefits arising from these loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2026.The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits.  
   
 The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS generally for three years after they file. 
   
  Year end  
   
 The Company s fiscal year-end is December 31. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 The Company s management has evaluated all the recently issued accounting pronouncements through the filing date of these financial statements and does not believe that any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

15 

Results of Operations   
   
  Capitalization  
   
 The following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2016, the capitalization of Ezy Cloud on an actual basis.  This table should be read in conjunction with the more detailed financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere herein. 

Results of Operations for the nine months ended September30, 2015 and September 30, 2016  
   
 Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2013, Ezy Cloud ceased providing services to customers and other activities that generate revenue. Ezy Cloud also ended its employment agreement with its sole paid employee. Significant costs after this period consisted primarily of audit and legal costs. We plan to help our customers to place orders through customer services call centers and provide information on product and order status and return services. 
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016 we earned $0 revenue. 
   
 Costs of revenue during these same periods were $0. 
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016 accounting and audit expenses were $9,931 and $15,005. These costs were primarily the cost to prepare and audit the quarterly and annual reports required by the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, legal expenses were $10,345 and $52,653.      
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $940 and $9,989. Costs incurred in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily costs related to the listing of the company shares on the over the counter market. 

16 

Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016  
   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016 we earned $0 revenue. 
   
 Costs of revenue during these same periods were $0. 
   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016 accounting and audit expenses were $4,731 and $7,880. These costs were primarily the cost to prepare and audit the quarterly and annual reports required by the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, legal expenses were $4,165 and $17,653.      
   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $120 and $6,434. Costs incurred in the three months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily costs related to the listing of the company shares on the over the counter market. 
   
 In all financial statement periods since inception our auditor issued an opinion that our financial condition raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
  Going Concern  
   
 The financial statements included with this quarterly report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.   
   
 Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2013, Ezy Cloud ceased providing services to customers and other activities that generate revenue. As of September 30, 2016, we have accumulated operating losses of approximately $721,266 since inception. 
   
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and our ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations.  Management plans to raise equity capital to finance our operating and capital requirements.  Amounts raised will be used for further development of our products, to provide financing for marketing and promotion, to secure additional property and equipment, and for other working capital purposes.  While we are putting forth our best efforts to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be available for operations. 
   
 These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty. 

17 

Summary of any product research and development that we will perform for the term of our plan of operation  
   
 Our future success depends in part upon our ability to respond to changing customer requirements, develop and introduce new or enhanced products, and keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards. We focus our development efforts on several areas, including, but not limited to, enhancing operability of our products across distributed and changing heterogeneous hardware platforms, operating systems and relational databases, and adding functionality to existing products.  These development efforts will continue to focus on deploying applications within a multi-tiered ERP and supply chain environment, including the Internet. 
   
  Expected purchase or sale of plant and significant equipment  
   
 We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment; as such items are not required by us at this time. 
   
  Significant changes in the number of employees  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any paid employees.  We are dependent upon our officers and director for our future business development.  As our operations expand, we anticipate our need to hire additional employees, consultants and professionals; however, the exact number is not quantifiable at this time. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, Ezy Cloud had cash of approximately $0. 
   
     Since our inception on June 14, 2010, Ezy Cloud s operations utilized approximately $673,964 of cash. Prior to the share purchase by Mr. Lim Kor Kiat on December 22, 2015, the company s operations were funded primarily by the capital contributed by a previously related party, Jagged Peak.   
   
 On December 22, 2015, Mr. Lim Kor Kiat purchased an aggregate of 1,818,025 shares of our common stock (76.48% of the outstanding shares) from four former shareholders of the Company for an aggregate purchase price of $335,000.  Of this purchase price, approximately $27,401 was contributed to Ezy Cloud to pay legal, accounting and general and administrative costs. This amount is not expected to be repaid and was recorded by Ezy Cloud as a capital contribution. 
   
 Cash contributed was approximately $698,642 as of September 30, 2016.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $74,413 was contributed to fund operating expenses by Lim Kor Kiat. This amount is not expected to be repaid and was recorded by Ezy Cloud as a capital contribution. 

18 

A critical component of our operating plan impacting our continued existence is our ability to obtain additional capital through additional equity and/or debt financing. 
   
 We have limited financial resources available, which has had an adverse impact on our liquidity, activities and operations.  These limitations have adversely affected our ability to obtain certain projects and pursue additional business.  Without realization of additional capital, it would be unlikely for us to continue as a going concern. In order for us to remain a going concern we will need to find additional capital.  Additional working capital may be sought through additional debt or equity private placements, additional notes payable to banks or related parties (officers, directors or stockholders), or from other funding sources at market rates of interest, or a combination of these.  The ability to raise necessary financing will depend on many factors, including the nature and prospects of any business to be acquired and the economic and market conditions prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing can be obtained on terms favorable to us, or at all. 
   
 As a result of our current cash status, no officer or director received compensation through the period ended September 30, 2016. We have no employment agreements in place with our officers. 
   
 Future funding could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or product(s) might require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and such financing, if available, might be dilutive. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
   
 Revenue Recognition:  We recognize revenue from product sales once all of the following criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive evidence that an agreement exists; the services have been rendered; the fee is fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection of the amount due is reasonable assured. 
   
  New Accounting Standards  
   
 Management has evaluated recently issued accounting pronouncements through September 30, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on the financial statements as of September 30, 2016. 

19 

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  
   
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
   
      ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  
   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 Our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by theSEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
   
 Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.  Our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the  material weaknesses  described below under  Management s report on internal control over financial reporting,  which are in the process of being remediated as described below under  Management Plan to Remediate Material Weaknesses.  
   
  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rules promulgated under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and affected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
   
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our Board of Directors; and 
   
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

20 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures.  Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override.  Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Further, over time control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
   
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016.  In making its assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).  Based on its assessment, management has concluded that we had certain control deficiencies described below that constituted material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting.  As a result, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June30, 2016. 
   
 A  material weakness  is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls.  As a result of management s review of the investigation issues and results, and other internal reviews and evaluations that were completed after the end of quarter related to the preparation of management s report on internal controls over financial reporting required for this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, management concluded that we had material weaknesses in our control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following: 
   
 1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 
   
 We do not believe the material weaknesses described above caused any meaningful or significant misreporting of our financial condition and results of operations for the quarterly period ended June30, 2016.  However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 
   
  Management Plan to Remediate Material Weaknesses  
   
 Management is pursuing the implementation of corrective measures to address the material weaknesses described above.  In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 
   
 We plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us.   

21 

We believe the remediation measures described above will remediate the material weaknesses we have identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting.  We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and will continue to diligently and vigorously review our financial reporting controls and procedures. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify, or in appropriate circumstances not to complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. 
   
  Changes in internal controls over financial reporting  
   
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION.  
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
   
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  
   
 A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
   
 Not Applicable 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None 
   
  Item 4. Removed and Reserved  
   
  Item 5. Other Information  
   
 None 

22 

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.  

23 

SIGNATURES   
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 14 th  day of November, 2016. 

Ezy Cloud, INC.  (the  Registrant ) 
       
             BY: 
    /s/ Lim Kor Kiat  

President, Principal Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary/Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

BY:   
   / s/ Joe Leung   
 Joe Leung, Principal Financial Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

24 

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 ezcl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 ezcl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 ezcl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 ezcl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 ezcl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 ezcl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 f311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibits 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer  
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427  

I, Lim Kor Kiat, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ezy Cloud, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 14, 2016  
     
   /s/ Lim Kor Kiat 
  
   Lim Kor Kiat 
  
   Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 f312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibits 31.2  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer  
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427  
   
 I, Joe Leung, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ezy Cloud, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 14, 2016  
     
   /s/ Joe Leung 
  
   Joe Leung 
  
   Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 f321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibits 32.1   
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ezy Cloud Holding, Inc (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lim Kor Kiat, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 Date: November 14, 2016 
     
   /s/ Lim Kor Kiat 
  
   Lim Kor Kiat 
  
   Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 f322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Converted by EDGARwiz 

Exhibits 32.2  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ezy Cloud Holding, Inc (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30 , 2016  as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joe Leung, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 Date: November 14, 2016 
     
   /s/ Joe Leung 
  
   Joe Leung 
  
   Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

