<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1273988_0001561661-16-000085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>306833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66623</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>205681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>11</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>0</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001561661-16-000085.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121163119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001561661-16-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUTUREWORLD CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001273988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				810562883
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-112110
		FILM NUMBER:		162010635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10901 ROOSEVELT BLVD
		STREET 2:		1000
		CITY:			SAINT PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7274741816

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10901 ROOSEVELT BLVD
		STREET 2:		1000
		CITY:			SAINT PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUTUREWORLD ENERGY, INC..
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Futureworld Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HATHAWAY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001561661-16-000085.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 fwdg10q93016v3.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

Commission File Number 000-1273988  

Date of Report
(date of earliest event reported):   

FUTUREWORLD CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code:     (727) 474-1816   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class    
       
        Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered     

None   
       
       None    

Securities registered pursuant
        to section 12(g) of the Act: 
          Common Stock, $0.0001 par
        value    

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
       o    Yes  
       x    No   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  
       x    Yes  
       o        No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

x   
        Yes   

o    No    

x   Yes  
       o    No   

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  

o   
        Yes   

x 
          No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.   
 
       o     Large accelerated filer  
       o     Accelerated filer  
       o     Non-accelerated filer  
       x     Smaller reporting Company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
       o    Yes  
        x    No   

The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter: 

The number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of September 30, 2016: 

This Form 10-Q is being filed to
disclose the fact that it was not reviewed by our independent registered public accounting firm 

FutureWorld Corp.  

  Annual Report
on Form 10-Q 

 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 

INDEX 

PART I   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
       PAGE    

Item 1  
      Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and March 31, 2016 (unaudited)  
       
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
      7   

Condensed Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       
      8   

Item 2  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation  
       
      17   

Item 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
      20   

Item 4  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      21   

PART II   
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      21   

Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
       
      21   

Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
      21   

Item 3  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
      21   

Item 4  
      Removed and Reserved  
       
      21   

Item 5  
      Other Information  
       
      22   

Item 6  
      Exhibits  
       
      22   

Signatures  
       
      22   

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

 The following documents (or portions
thereof) are incorporated by reference into the Parts of this Form 10-Q noted: 

 NONE 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, including, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that
are signified by the words  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   believes,   estimates 
or similar language, and among other things:  (i) events that may occur in the future, (ii) implementation of our business
model; development and marketing of our products and services and (iii) prospects for revenues and profitability.  All
forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof.  We
caution investors that our business and financial performance and the matters described in these forward-looking statements are
subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.  Because of these risks and uncertainties, some of which may not be currently
ascertainable and many of which are beyond our control, actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Deviations between actual future events and our estimates and assumptions could lead to results that are materially
different from those expressed in or implied by the forward looking statements. We do not intend to update these forward looking
statements to reflect actual future events.  

FUTUREWORLD CORP.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.   

FUTUREWORLD CORP.    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations    

(unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.  

)   

  FUTUREWORLD CORP.  

  (A Development Stage Enterprise)  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements)  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

1.  History of the Company and Nature of the Business  

We ,  us  and
 our  refer to FutureWorld Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

On September 11, 2015, the Company changed its name to FutureWorld
Corp. 

Nature of Business  

The address of our executive offices is: 3637 4th Street
North, Saint Petersburg, FL 33704 and our telephone number at that address is 727-474-1816. The address of our web site is www.futureworldcorp.com.
The information at our web site is for general information and marketing purposes and is not part of this annual report for purposes
of liability for disclosures under the federal securities laws. 

FutureWorld (FWDG), a Delaware corporation, is a leading
provider of advanced technologies and solutions to the global cannabis industry. FutureWorld, together with its subsidiaries, focuses
on the identification, acquisition, development, and commercialization of cannabis related products and services, such as industrial
Hemp. FutureWorld, through its subsidiaries, provides personal and professional THC and CBD test kits, pharmaceutical grade CBD
oil solutions, SafeVape vaporizers, smart sensor technology, communication network, surveillance security, data analysis for smart
cultivation and consultation for the industrial hemp and legal medicinal cannabis. Our wireless agricultural smart sensor networks
offer precision to the agriculture, irrigation systems, and greenhouses for the global cannabis and hemp industry. FutureWorld
and its subsidiaries do not grow, distribute or sell marijuana. 

As the only Cannabis Technology Accelerator, FutureWorld
will incubate and fund leading technologies, products, and services for Cannabis industry (Industrial Hemp) for foreseeable future;
bringing value to its core and its shareholders. 

 FutureWorld Corp. is seeking to acquire minority or full
interest in currently operating companies and disruptive technologies in the Industrial Hemp/Medical and Recreational Cannabis
Industry globally; such as vaporizers, lab testing, tracking systems, security, CBD oil, testing kits, financial solutions, dispensaries
and other needed components. Our goal is to provide our acquired companies, current and future shareholders a clear strategy for
the growth of their companies and their investment in those companies. 

We currently provide multiple products that supply the burgeoning
cannabis industry through our portfolio companies. The  picks and shovel  business model capitalizes of selling enterprises
associated with the Industrial Hemp and Medical Cannabis industries products that are essential in their success. Our products
solve long standing problems in cultivation, processing, and retail sales for industrial hemp and medical cannabis. The following
divisions will continue to delve even further into purchasing existing products or developing brand new products as the wholesale
and retail space continues to evolve. In addition, one primary focus is to manufacture, market, and sell products containing hemp
derived CBD oil. 

Cannabis industry is the fastest-growing industry in the
United States and had its biggest year ever which could grow by another eight to 10 states in 2016. With the presidential election
looming, there is guaranteed to be a massive voter turnout and the initiatives that are poised to include legalization of cannabis
on the 2016 ballot stand a chance to make some big changes. The cannabis ballot initiatives could open the door to legalization
in more states including Arizona, California, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan and Nevada in 2016. This rapid growth of the industry
is a boom for ancillary products providers such as HempTech, CB Scientific, Bioceutical Sciences, NutraCann Labs and incubators
such as FutureWorld Corp (FWDG). A majority of Americans continue to support full legalization, nationally, and by 2016, it's entirely
possible that marijuana could be a wedge issue in the presidential election. 

On the industrial Hemp side, with the 2014 Agricultural Act
(known as the Farm Bill) making year 2014 notable and celebrated, 2015 proved to be a year of record-setting, transformative strides
within the industrial hemp industry. Laws governing industrial hemp continued to evolve in more and more states, making Industrial
Hemp one of most lucrative opportunities to unfold over the course of the year and beyond. In short, the Cannabis industry will
grow from $1.5 billion in 2014 to an estimated $35 billion in 2020. 

Who We Are  

FutureWorld focuses on the identification, acquisition, development,
and commercialization of cannabis related products and services. As a Cannabis Technology Incubator and Accelerator, FutureWorld
will incubate and fund leading technologies, products, and services for Cannabis industry (including Industrial Hemp) combining
resources to strengthen the company and the industry. 

 FutureWorld follows a well-tested business incubation model;
the seed fund model. The seed fund model thesis is based on a combination of  high-quality filter  and  broad
portfolio  approaches. The high-quality filter attempts to ensure that the very best minds, teams and ideas get into FWDG.
The broad portfolio approach, statistically, discovers a few breakaway companies in order to provide the big returns to investors.
So far the Company has funded 6 companies in 2015 and expects to fund more in 2016. 

 How We Make Money 

We make money by exiting our incubated companies through
a sale, reverse merger, merger or an IPO. In any case, some or all of the proceeds, whether in stock or cash, will be returned
to the shareholders as dividend. For FutureWorld, our main revenue is derived from cash and marketable securities through our exits. 

In most cases we own from 19% to 100% of the companies being
incubated by FWDG. According GAAP, we would need to consolidate the financials of all the holdings until they are sold or spun
off. Products or services revenue generation by our companies is not our business model, as an incubator, but only a successful
exit will define our revenue stream. 

Our Companies, Current and Future Results  

Four areas within the cannabis industry sector with the most
accelerated growth for 2016 and beyond includes; 

 Medicine   Accessories   Testing   Grow
Delivery and Land Leasing. We have and will use this guide to incubate exciting companies for better ROI. All of our companies
fall within all of these important areas; 

Medicine   Nutraceuticals  

NutraCann Labs - http://nutracann.com 

We incubated a distribution company called  NutraCann
Labs  in 2015 to sell our designed and manufactured products online and offline. The distribution company provides sales
channels for CB Scientific, Bioceutical Sciences and any other businesses within FWDG universe and beyond. The company has had
limited sales so far since we are in the beta stage.  CBD Oil- CBD is one of at least 60 cannabinoids
found in hemp, and is non-psychoactive. The Cannabidiol  CBD  is a compound in cannabis that has significant medical
effects, but does not make people feel  high  and can actually counter the psychoactive effects of THC. The reduced
psychotropic of CBD-rich cannabis makes it an appealing treatment option for patients seeking anti-inflammatory, anti-pain, anti-anxiety,
anti-psychotic, and/or anti-spasm effects without disconcerting lethargy. Scientific and clinical studies underscore CBD s
potential as a treatment for a wide range of conditions, including rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, alcoholism, MS, chronic pain,
schizophrenia, PTSD, antibiotic-resistant infections, epilepsy, and other neurological disorders. CBD has demonstrated neuro-protective
and neurogenic effects, and its anti-cancer properties are currently being investigated at several academic research centers in
the United States and elsewhere.   

 NutraCann Labs has sourced its own CBD oil from Europe.
We are also developing plans to fund an overseas hemp cultivation project to provide a consistent and reliable supply to the United
States and beyond. Currently, industrial hemp cultivation is legal in twenty countries around the world. NutraCann s products
are sold under the brand name  cbdessence  on CBDESSENCE.COM. 

 NutraCann Labs will process the CBD oils that 
will be sold through our online presence for retailing industrial hemp oil-based Cannabidiol (CBD) nutritional supplements, wellness
and personal care products and vapable CBD oils. NutraCann Labs will market items such as CBD oil, CBD infused edibles   multiple
hemp related items and cross market our vaporizers from URVape.com. NutraCann Labs will be featuring scientific grade hemp oil
which is highly sought after around the world. We will sell already recognizable brands including our own brands and drive internet
sales through ads, videos, social media and Search Engine Optimization.   

 The global Nutraceutical market is projected to be
in excess of $200 billion by 2015 and the current US Nutraceutical and Dietary supplement market is valued at around $42 billion.
CBDESSENCE.com and URCBDOil.com will be at the forefront of this massive marketplace with significant opportunities. Cannabinoids
(non-psychoactive CBD) have been found to have antioxidant properties, unrelated to NMDA receptor antagonism. This new found property
makes cannabinoids useful in the treatment and prophylaxis of a wide variety of oxidation associated diseases, such as ischemic,
age-related, inflammatory and auto-immune diseases. 

  Cannabinoids are found
to have particular application as neuroprotectants, for example in limiting neurological damage following ischemic events, such
as stroke and trauma, or in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and HIV dementia. URCBDOil.com
should be live by July 1, 2015 UPDATE).  We have been experimenting on labeling and branding 

for new products. We will be introducing the brands
shortly. We have high hopes for this company. NutraCann became part of CB Scientific with its IPO in April 2016. These are the
stats on this company; 

 Founded   April 2015 

 Investment - $150K 

 Revenue for 2015   Less than $50K 

 Achievements   Successfully tested CBD Vape blends,
Tinctures and Pills sold on EBay, Amazon and its website. Signed up multiple resellers around the country and in Europe. 

 Estimated 2016 revenue   Pro Forma Financials only
available 

 Estimated Exit   Became part of CB Scientific with
its IPO in March 2016 

 Estimated Exit Type   Merged with CB Scientific (CBSC) 

 Comparable company   Cannavest (CANV), Medical Marijuana
(MJNA) 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/nutracannlabs 

Bioceutical Sciences 

Founded in 2015, this company has the most exciting potentials.
We founded this company to get into the pharmaceutical aspect of the cannabis industry in which should be the biggest driver. The
company develops, designs and manufactures Pharma grade Nutraceuticals for cancer, Alzheimer and life threatening illnesses for
patients by proprietary formulations using cannabinoids derived from Cannabis. The company will also provide formulations and designs
for NutraCann and CB Scientific. There are major funding requirement for this company which will come from PPM, grants and sales.
Bioceutical Sciences became part of CB Scientific with its IPO in March 2016. This is one of most promising of our companies within
the FWDG and cannabis universe. These are the stats on this company; 

Founded   May 2015 

 Investment - $45K 

 Revenue since inception   Less than $30K 

 Achievements   Formulated pre-pharmaceutical and Nutraceutical
grade CBD blends, pills and tinctures for NutraCann labs. The company also completed the development of next generations of CB
Scientific s test kits. Estimated 2016 revenue   Pro Forma Financials only available 

 Estimated Exit   Became part of CB Scientific with
its IPO in March 2016 

 Estimated Exit Type   Merged with CB Scientific (CBSC) 

 Comparable company   Cannabis Sciences (CBIS), Cannabis
Sativa (CBDS) 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/bioceuticalsciences 

Magic Dragon Brands 

Started in September 2015, Magic Dragon Brands is testing
formulations for the Hempseed infused energy and chill drinks for the consumers under the brand  Magic Dragon High .
Magic Dragon High Brands will initially produce Hempseed and Hemp based CBD infused beverages. According to new market data from
Packaged Facts; the energy drinks sector comprises an increasing portion of the non-alcoholic beverage market, and as the sector,
has grown 60% from 2008-2012 with a total U.S. sales of more than $12.5 billion in 2012. According to  Energy Drinks  
Shots Market Trends in the U.S. , sales of energy drinks will grow to a value of $21.5 billion by 2017, driven by expansion
in retail distribution, and strong potential in new product development. Packaged Facts also estimates that convenience stores
hold the largest share of market sales (59%), followed by mass merchandisers (13%), supermarkets (10%), club stores/warehouse (5%),
and drug stores (2%). In aggregate, all other retailers contribute a significant 11% to market sales. We are expecting to introduce
the line shortly with the finalization of the logistics. 

Founded   September 2015 

 Investment   Minimal 

 Revenue since inception   None 

 Estimated 2016 revenue - Pro Forma Financials only available 

 Estimated Exit   Became part of CB Scientific with
its IPO in March 2016 

 Estimated Exit Type   Merged with CB Scientific (CBSC) 

 Comparable company   Rocky Mountain High (RMHB) 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/magicdragonhigh 

Testing   Analytics  

CB Scientific - http://www.test4cbd.com/shop/ -
http://corp.cbscientific.com/ 

 We started this company in March 2014 to design, develop
and manufacture LST (Life Science Tools) for Cannabis and agricultural industry. Our first products were THC and CBD cannabis testing
personal kits which won product of the year in 2014. The sales are ramping up and we expect 1000% or more growth in 2016. The company
is also in development of other major products for non- 

cannabis market to be unveiled in 2016. We are in the process
of seeking investment for manufacturing, sales and marketing to propel the revenue. The company also has had a major setback with
previous employees stealing major contracts causing financial and product roadmap delays. The company has since recouped and expecting
profitable 2016. These are the stats on this company; 

Founded   April 2014 

 Investment - $350K 

 Revenue since inception   around $200K 

 Achievements   developed the only personal test kits
in the industry for THC and CBD, won best product award in only three month of development, increased sales from 0 test kits to
thousands through multiple sales channels in 2015. Brought to market the only ubiquitous, easy to use, all in one, ISO certified
laboratory test kits to the world. 

 Estimated 2016 revenue - $1M to $2M with 100% Q to Q growth 

 Estimated Exit   Went public in March 2016 

 Ticker Symbol - CBSC 

 Market Cap - $102M 

 Close Comparable   No direct competitors 

 Estimated FWDG Holding Value - $20,000,000 

 Estimated ROI - 5000%, expected to reach 10,000% by the end
of 2017 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/cbscientificinc 

Grow Systems  

HempTech Corp - https://hemptechcorp.com/main/ 

We started this company in September 2014 to design and develop
state-of-the-art automation for grow facilities all across the agricultural industry, including the Cannabis market. In late 2015,
the company finished development of its first major product called grow-droid which is plug n play and comes fully automated for
growers to grow their cannabis for more yield and profitability. HempTech has been successful in signing its largest contract post
development with a company representing Indian tribes in Canada and the States to sell more than 1000 grow pods called grow.droid
II, for the next six years. Contract potential is more than $160M for the next six years. The company has also signed its first
exclusive reseller agreements in Colorado, California, Washington and Oregon and expects sales to start in September 2016. The
company is in the process of signing up distributors in the State of Arizona, Nevada and Massachusetts. This company will be our
biggest driver on revenue and market capitalization in the FWDG universe. The company is in development of non-cannabis farm pods
for local urban agriculture. These are the stats on this company; 

Founded   April 2014 

 Investment - $400K in direct investment (and $2.5M in indirect
investment by a third party) 

 Revenue since inception   None 

 Achievements   Developed agricultural industry s
only analytical automation with environmental controls. Cannabis industries only plug n play growing kit with complete environmental
automations and analytics scalable from 16 plants to thousands, cutting the time to grow from 28 weeks to only 3 weeks. Only company
to offer  Profiling  for grow consistency and profitability. 

 Estimated 2016 revenue   Pro Forma of $2M to $10M with
100% Q to Q growth 

 Estimated Exit   Went public in March 2016 

 Ticker Symbol - HTCO 

 Market Cap - $278M 

 Close Comparable   Surna (SRNA), Terra Tech (TRTC) 

 Estimated FWDG Holding Value - $32,500,000 

 Estimated ROI   9000%, expected to reach 15000% by
the end of 2017 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/hemptechcorp 

Land Leasing  

FutureLand Corp - http://futurelandcorp.com/ 

Founded in September 2014, FutureLand Corp., a Colorado company,
is a cannabis and hemp specialty zoned land leasing company formed to capitalize upon the emerging global cannabis market. FutureLand,
focuses on target acquisition, zoning, license fulfillment, site plan preparation and financing of cannabis or hemp grow facilities
throughout the United States. We give growers the opportunity to grow. Company monetizes through leasing the land, leasing the
structures on the land, financing interest revenue and management fees associated with cultivation centers. FutureLand retains
ownership of all the land and the structures. FutureLand leases to both medical marijuana, retail marijuana as well as industrial
hemp growers. FutureLand does not currently grow, distribute or sell marijuana. Company has multiple projects across the USA and
possible project in Jamaica. 

Founded   September 2014 

 Investment - Less than $110K 

Achievements   Purchased 240+ acres of land in southern
Colorado that has increased in value by a factor of 10. Purchased 50% interest in a recreational property in Oregon going live
in the third quarter 2016. 

 Estimated 2016 revenue   Pro Forma of $1M to $2M 

 Exited   April 2015 

 Exit Type   Merger 

 Ticker Symbol - FUTL 

 Market Cap - $1.2M 

 Close Comparable   Zoned Properties (ZDPY) 

 Estimated FWDG Holding Value - $600,000 

 Estimated ROI - 600%, expected to reach 6000% by the end
of 2016 

 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/futurelandcorp 

2.   Basis of Presentation, Business and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting
of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of (a) the results of operations for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: (b) the financial position at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 and (c) cash flows for the
three and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been made. Management believes that these estimates are reasonable
and have been discussed with the Board of Directors; however, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements of the Company
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial
information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not included
all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary
for a fair presentation have been included. For further information regarding the Company s significant accounting policies,
refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on from
10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2015. 

Our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. Due to our election not to opt out of the extended transition period that allows
us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies
until those standards apply to private companies. All amounts referenced in these Financial Statements and this Report are in US
Dollars unless otherwise stated. 

Nature of the Business, and History of the Company and
its Subsidiaries  

The nature of the business and the history of the Company
and its subsidiaries are as follows: 

Nature of the Business 

FutureWorld Corp., a Delaware corporation, is a U.S. diversified
Hemp/Cannabis Company, listed on the Over the Counter exchange, which was originally formed to capitalize on the burgeoning markets
in renewable and alternative energy technologies, but has since changed direction and moved into the Hemp/Cannabis space. FutureWorld,
together with its subsidiaries, focuses on the identification, acquisition, development, and commercialization of Hemp/Cannabis
products, services and technologies globally. 

FutureWorld is seeking to acquire minority or full interest
in currently operating companies and disruptive technologies in the Industrial Hemp/Medical and Recreational Cannabis Industry
globally; such as vaporizers, lab testing, tracking systems, security, CBD oil, testing kits, financial solutions, dispensaries
and other needed components. Our goal is to provide our acquired companies, current and future shareholders a clear strategy for
the growth of their companies and their investment in those companies. 

2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts and operations of FutureWorld Corp., and its portfolio companies, HempTech Corp., FutureLand, and CB Scientific. 

Basis of Accounting  

The Company maintains its financial records and financial
statements on the accrual basis of accounting, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America. The accrual basis of accounting provides for matching of revenues and expenses in the period they were earned and incurred. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

For purposes of reporting cash flows, the Company considers
all cash accounts that are not subject to withdrawal restrictions or designated for assets acquisitions, and certificates of deposit
that have an original maturity of three months or less when purchased, to be cash equivalents. The Company believes it is not exposed
to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company
in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Accounts Receivable, Prepaid Expenses, Accounts Payable,  and  Accrued Expenses  :   

The carrying amount reported in the balance sheets
        for these items approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Loans and Notes Payable to Related Parties:    

The carrying value of loans and notes payable to
        related parties approximates fair value as each of the notes payable carries an interest rate commensurate with commercial borrowing
        rates available to the Company. 

As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the fair values of the Company s financial instruments approximate their historical carrying amount.   

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consist of
amounts due for the delivery of Product sales to customers. An allowance for doubtful accounts is considered to be established
for any amounts that may not be recoverable, which is based on an analysis of the Company s customer credit worthiness, and
current economic trends. Based on management s review of accounts receivable, no allowance for doubtful accounts was considered
necessary as of period end. Receivables are determined to be past due, based on payment terms of original invoices. The Company
does not typically charge interest on past due receivables. Balances on Current sales are due in 60 days from the date of
sale. 

  Inventory  

N/A 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are recorded at historical cost.  Depreciation
is computed on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of the respective assets, ranging from three to seven years.  The
carrying amount of all long-lived assets is evaluated periodically to determine if adjustment to the depreciation periods or the
unamortized balance is warranted.  Based upon the Company's most recent analysis, management believes that no impairment
of property and equipment exists at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

Intangible assets   

Intangible assets are recorded at cost
and amortized over their useful lives. The Company's goodwill associated with its acquisitions is not amortized. Management reviews
goodwill and provisional marketable securities for impairment at least on an annual basis and at other times when existing conditions
raise substantial questions about their recoverability. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Periodically,
the Company assesses the recoverability of the Company s intangible assets, consisting of the   Intellectual
Property   licensing   and its trademark, and record an impairment loss to
the extent that the carrying amounts of the assets exceed its fair value.  Based upon management's most recent analysis,
the Company believes that no impairment of the Company s tangible or intangible assets exist at September 30, 2016 and March
31, 2016.  

Revenue Recognition  

Our revenue is arrived by exiting our
incubated companies through a sale, reverse merger, merger or an IPO. In any case, some or all of the proceeds, whether in stock
or cash, will be returned to the shareholders as dividend. For FutureWorld, our main revenue is derived from cash and marketable
securities through our exits. 

In most cases we own from 19% to 100%
of the companies being incubated by FWDG. According GAAP, we would need to consolidate the financials of all the holdings until
they are sold or spun off. Products or services revenue generation by our companies is not our business model, as an incubator,
but only a successful exit will define our revenue stream. 

Foreign currency translation  

The Company s functional currency
and its reporting currency is the United States Dollar. 

Cost of Goods Sold  

N/A 

Stock Based Compensation  

The Companies estimate the fair value of share-based payment
awards to employees and directors on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. For stock-based awards issued to employees
and directors, stock-based compensation is attributed to expense using the straight-line single option method, which is consistent
with how the prior-period pro-forma were provided. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Statements of Operations
for the three and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included compensation expense for share-based payment awards granted
prior to, but not yet vested based on the grant date fair value estimated and compensation expense for the share-based payment
awards granted subsequent to January 1, 2015 based on the grant date fair value estimated. 

The Company s determination of fair value of share-based
payment awards to employees and directors on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model, which is affected by the Company s
stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but
are not limited to our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option
exercise behaviors. 

Income Taxes  

The Company records federal and state income tax liability
at the federal and state rates after allowances. Deferred income taxes are provided on the liability method whereby deferred tax
assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards, and deferred tax liabilities
are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and their tax bases. 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized
in the financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized and in subsequent periods. 

The Company adopted a policy under which, if required to
be recognized in the future, they will classify interest related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of interest
expense and will classify any related penalties in selling, engineering, general and administrating expenses in the statement of
operations. 

Advertising Costs  

Advertising costs are charged to operations as incurred. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

Basic EPS is calculated by dividing earnings (loss) available
to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period.  Diluted EPS is
similarly calculated, except that the denominator includes common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive
potential, except when their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Based on an estimated current value of the Company s
stock being equal to or less than the exercise price of the warrants, none of the shares assumed issued upon conversion of the
warrants, nor any of the stock assumed issued under the Company's Incentive Stock Plan are included in the computation of fully
diluted loss per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-08, Presentation
of Financial Statements and Property, Plant, and Equipment. ASU No. 2015-08 defines a discontinued operation as disposal of components
of an entity that represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity s operations. ASU No. 201508
also requires a reporting entity to present the assets and liabilities of a disposal group that includes a discontinued operation
separately in the asset and liability sections, respectively, of the statement of financial position for each comparative period.
ASU 2015-08 becomes effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015. Adoption of ASU 2015-08 is
not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Presentation
of Financial Statements-Going Concern. This statement provides US GAAP guidance on management s responsibility in evaluation
whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures.
For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are
issued. The ASU is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16-Derivatives
and Hedging: Determining Whether the Host contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument issued in the Form of a Share is More Akin
to Debt or to Equity. Certain classes of shares include features that entitle the holders to preferences and rights (such as conversion
rights, redemption rights, voting powers and liquidation and dividend payment preferences) over the other shareholders. Shares
that include embedded derivative features are referred to as hybrid financial instruments, which must be separated from the host
contract and accounted for as a derivative if certain criteria are met. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB,
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed
by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements. 

3.  Going Concern  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred
a net loss of $106,306 and a cumulative net loss since inception of $8,157,078.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had cash of $53,247 and working capital deficit of $33,698 with which to satisfy any future cash requirements.  These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The Company depends upon
capital derived from selling our marketable securities and future financing activities such as loans from its officers and directors,
subsequent offerings of its common stock or debt financing in order to operate and grow the business either directly or through
its subsidiary.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising such capital.  The
key factors that are not in the Company's control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results.  These factors
include, but are not limited to, acceptance of the Company s business plan, the ability to raise capital in the future, the
ability to expand its customer base, and the ability to hire key employees to grow the business.  There may be other
risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. 

4.  Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and March
31, 2016 consists of the following: 

5.   Intangibles  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the
amortization expense for intangible assets was $0 and $7,170, respectively. 

6.     Stock Options and Awards  

None 

7.  Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016
were as follows: 

8.   Related Parties Disclosures  

Loan from Saeed (Sam) Talari  

Mr. Talari has advanced funds to the Company at various times.
On April 1, 2010 the Company issued a promissory note with an initial balance of $306,319 bearing interest at 5%. This note allows
Mr. Talari to advance additional funds to the Company as needed. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the balance due to Mr.
Talari on this Promissory Note is $185,884 and $299,118 respectively, and the accrued interest thereon at September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016 is $67,511 and $45,048 respectively. 

9.    
  Employment Agreements   

Sam Talari  

On January 1, 2012, the Company entered into a three-year
Employment Agreement with Mr. Talari, the Company's Acting Chief Executive Officer, and one of the Company's directors. The Agreement
is automatically extended for additional one-year periods without further action from the Company or the executive, unless notice
of termination is given by either party within 90 days of the end of any periods. The Agreement provides for (a) a base salary
of $8,500 per month, with a 5% increase per annum and (b) all group 

insurance plans and other benefit plans and programs made
available to the Company's management employees. On January 1, 2015, the Company increased Mr. Talari's base salary to $25,000
per month based on a new three years employment agreement. 

Kevin Defant  

 On April 21 2015, the Company entered into a three-year
Employment Agreement with Mr. Defant, the Company s Acting Tech Director. The Agreement is automatically extended for additional
one-year periods without further action from the Company or the executive, unless notice of termination is given by either party
within 90 days of the end of any periods. The Agreement provides for (a) a base salary of $2,000 per month, with a 5% increase
per annum, and (b) all group insurance plans and other benefit plans and programs made available to the Company s management
employees. 

  John Verghese  

 On January 1, 2015, the Company entered into a three-year
employment agreement with John Verghese as the CEO of HempTech Corp. The Agreement provides for (a) a base salary of $10,000 per
month, (b) two weeks' vacation within one year of the starting date, and (c) all group insurance plans and other benefit plans
and programs made available to the Company's management employees. Additionally Mr. Verghese has been granted 10% option of HempTech
common stock at par value. 

  Karin Rohret  

 On January 2nd, 2010, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Karin Rohret as part-time Controller. The Agreement provides for (a) a base salary of $1,101.67 per month, (b) a
signing bonus of $20,000 by the way of Company's common stock within 30 days of signing the agreement. Additionally Ms. Rohret
will be eligible to receive a grant of 600,000 shares of common stock at founder level with a par value of 0.001. Vesting of the
grant shall be at the rate of 200,000 shares on each anniversary from the signing of the agreement. The salary was adjusted to
$2,950 on October 1 2015 as the position required additional hours. 

  10. Office Space  

The address of our executive offices is: 10901 Roosevelt
Blvd, Suite 1000c, Saint Petersburg, FL 33716 and our telephone number at that address is 727-474-1816. We maintain our executive's
offices in a 13K square feet office and warehouse space. We believe the facilities are adequate for our operational needs.  We
may require additional offices in the event of further expansions. 

11. Stockholders  Equity  

Preferred Stock: The Company has 100,000,000 shares
of $0.0001 par value stock Authorized. 10,000,000 shares have been issued or are outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

 Common Stock: The Company has 14,900,000,000 shares
of $0.0001 par value stock Authorized. As of September 30, 2016, 3,795,364,697 shares were issued and outstanding. 

  11. Subsequent Events  

None 

Item 2.   Management s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations   

You should read the following discussion and analysis in
conjunction with the information set forth under Item 6, Selected Consolidated Financial Data, and our consolidated financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statements in this discussion regarding our expectations
of our future performance, liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical statements in this discussion are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the
risks and uncertainties described under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results
may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements. However, certain accounting policies are particularly important
to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our
management; as a result they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, our management uses
their judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are
based on knowledge of our industry, historical operations, terms of existing contracts, and our observance of trends in the industry,
information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. 

Overview   

As a technology accelerator, FutureWorld (Other OTC: FWDG),
a Delaware corporation, through its portfolio companies, is a leading provider of advanced technologies and solutions to the global
cannabis industry. FutureWorld, together with its subsidiaries, focuses on the identification, acquisition, development, and commercialization
of cannabis related products and services, such as industrial Hemp. FutureWorld, through its subsidiaries, provides personal and
professional THC and CBD test kits, pharmaceutical grade CBD oil solutions, SafeVape vaporizers, smart sensor technology, communication
network, surveillance security, data analysis for smart cultivation and consultation for the industrial hemp and legal medicinal
cannabis. Our wireless agricultural smart sensor networks offer precision to the agriculture, irrigation systems, and greenhouses
for the global cannabis and hemp industry. FutureWorld and its subsidiaries do not grow, distribute or sell marijuana. 

Key Elements of Operating and Financial Performance  

We monitor the key elements of our operating and financial
performance to help us evaluate growth trends, determine investment priorities, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of
our sales efforts and assess operational efficiencies. 

Revenue  

Currently, we derived all of our revenue from sales of marketable
securities from our portfolio companies. Since we have exited all our incubated companies, we expect to start driving revenue from
selling portion of our interest and dividend out a portion to our investors. 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit (Loss)  

We have no typical cost of revenue since we do not produce
anything. Our cost of revenue is our management fees, administration fees, and incubation expenses. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses consist of research and development, sales
and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, as well as legal settlement expenses and amortization of acquired intangibles.
Personnel-related expense represents a significant component of our operating expenses. 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of; compensation,
benefits, sales commissions and stock-based compensation provided to our sales, marketing and business development personnel, as
well as facility costs and other related overhead; marketing programs, including expenses associated with industry events and trade
shows; and travel costs. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expense consists primarily of;
compensation, benefits and stock-based compensation provided to our executive, finance, legal, human resource and administrative
personnel, as well as facility costs and other related overhead; and 

 fees paid for professional services, including legal, tax
and accounting services. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Revenues  

Total revenue for six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $ 174,300 respectively, representing billing for shared occupancy and administrative expenses. Substantially all revenue
from 2016 was derived from our portfolio companies. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the six
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $273,350 and $336,588 respectively. The decrease in selling, general and administrative
expenses in 2016 as compared 2015 was due primarily to the reduction in cost of additional human resources, professional fees related
to fees associated with additional debt financings. General and administrative expenses decreased since we have focused on research
and development. 

Net Loss from Operations. For the quarter ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred net losses of $112,486 and $447,670, respectively. Losses also include depreciation and amortization,
non-cash expenses, in the amount of $50,369 and $125,957 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. There
were no write downs in 2015. 

Compensation and consulting expenses were $47,800 and $117,897
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respective The decrease is due to changes in operations and officer compensation. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

We had $(331) in cash at September 30, 2016, and 285,787
respectively remaining on the lines of credit from Mr. Talari with which to satisfy our future cash requirements. Our management
believes that the credit lines will support only limited activities for the next twelve months. The Company depends upon capital
derived from future financing activities such as loans from its officers and directors, subsequent offerings of its common stock
or debt financing in order to operate and grow the business either directly or through its subsidiary. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be successful in raising such capital. The key factors that are not in the Company's control and that may
have a direct bearing on operating results. These factors include, but are not limited to, acceptance of the Company s business
plan, the ability to raise capital in the future, the ability to expand its customer base, and the ability to hire key employees
to grow the business. There may be other risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. We had no other contractual
obligation or material commercial commitments for capital expenditures. 

Our critical accounting policies include:  

Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue from licensing
our software upon the installation and acceptance of the software by customers in accordance with Statement of Position 97-2, Software
Revenue Recognition. When a software sales arrangement includes rights to customer support, the portion of the license fee allocated
to such support is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement, normally one year. Revenue from professional services arrangements
will be recognized in the month in which services are rendered over the term of the arrangement. We also recognize revenue from
selling URVape vape pens and our THC and CBD testing kits calls, PersonalAnalytics when purchase orders received. 

Long-Lived Assets - We depreciate property and equipment
and amortize intangible assets, including software development costs over the respective assets  estimated useful life and
periodically review the remaining useful lives of our assets to ascertain that our estimate is still valid. If we determine a useful
life has materially changed, we either change the useful life or write the asset down or if we determine the asset has exhausted
its useful life, we write the asset off completely. 

Stock Based Compensation - We account for stock based compensation
under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, (revised 2004) Share-Based Payments. Under the fair
value recognition provisions of SFAS 123R, we recognize stock-based compensation expense net of an estimated forfeiture rate and
therefore only recognize compensation cost for those shares expected to vest over the service period of the award. Calculating
stock-based compensation expense requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the option grant,
stock price volatility, and the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate. We estimate the expected life of options granted based on historical
exercise patterns. We estimate stock price volatility based on historical implied volatility in our stock. In addition, we are
required to estimate the expected volatility rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. We estimate the
forfeiture rate based on historical experience of our stock-based awards that are granted, exercised or cancelled. 

Income Taxes - We record federal and state income tax liability
in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109   Accounting for Income Taxes. Deferred income taxes
are provided on the liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss and tax credit carry forwards, and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The Company reviews new accounting standards as issued. No
new standards had any material effect on these financial statements. The accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to the date
of these financial statements that were considered significant by management were evaluated for the potential effect on these consolidated
financial statements. Management does not believe any of the subsequent pronouncements will have a material effect on these consolidated
financial statements as presented and does not anticipate the need for any future restatement of these consolidated financial statements
because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to September 30, 2016 through the date
these financial statements were issued. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not participate in transactions that generate relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as special purpose entities or variable interest entities, which have
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. 

Management Consideration of Alternative Business Strategies  

In order to continue to protect and increase shareholder
value management believes that it may, from time to time, consider alternative management strategies to create value for the company
or additional revenues. Strategies to be reviewed may include acquisitions; roll-ups; strategic alliances; joint ventures on large
projects; and/or mergers. 

The Company is currently in the final stages of selling all
the assets of HempTech Corp to a publicly traded company. Management believes that acquisitions will be a catalyst for advancing
the Company's existing technology and products to attain greater market share. Additionally, we are seeking capital financing for
the purposes of furthering our plan of operations. 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  

As of September 30, 2016 we carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. This
evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer. Based on this evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rule
13a-15e), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2016 such disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. 

We do not have adequate personnel and other resources to assure that significant and complex transactions are timely analyzed and reviewed.   

We have limited personnel and financial resources available to plan, develop, and implement disclosure and procedure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.   

Our limited financial resources restrict our employment adequate personnel needed and desirable to separate the various receiving, recording, reviewing and oversight functions for the exercise effective control over financial reporting.   

Our limited resources restrict our ability to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting
includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; provide reasonable
assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and provide reasonable
assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.
Pursuant to Rule 13a-15d of the Exchange Act, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) and Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting Guidance for Smaller Public Companies (2006), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September
30, 2016.     

This quarterly report does not include an attestation report
of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this quarterly report. 

Changes in Controls and Procedures  

There were no significant changes made in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the first quarter September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect these controls. Thus, no corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses were
necessary. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Control  

Our management, including the President, does not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will necessarily prevent all fraud
and material errors. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations on all internal control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, and/or by management override of the control. The design
of any system of internal control is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in circumstances, and/or the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures
may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective internal control system, financial reporting misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   
       Legal Proceedings.    

None 

(b) We did not terminate any legal proceedings during the
Quarter of our 2016 fiscal year. 

Item 1A   
       Risk Factors.    

There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously
disclosed in our Fiscal year Report on Form 10-K and for the first quarter September 30, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Item 2   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

From May 19, 2015 to May 27, 2016, FutureWorld ( we ,
 us   our ) issued an aggregate of $81,000 of convertible debt to five separate investors in private transactions
(described below) exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) in reliance on exemptions
provided by Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

We issued an $81,000 convertible debenture, which debenture
is due and payable 12 months from the issue date along with 8% interest, per annum. In lieu of cash repayment, the debenture is
convertible into shares of our common stock, at the option of the debenture holder, based on the market price of our common stock. 

We intend to use the net proceeds (after payment of expenses
and commissions) from the above transactions for general corporate purposes. The above descriptions are qualified in their entirety
by actual terms of the definitive agreements evidencing the above transactions. 

Item 3   
         Defaults Upon Senior Securities.     

Not applicable. 

Item 4   
         Removed and Reserved   .    

Not applicable 

Item 5   
        Other Information.    

HempTech Corp is in the process of fund raising for $5,000,000
through a M A advisory. It has completed in product lines and marketing heavily. We have spun off CB Scientific on February
2016. 

Item 6   
        Exhibits.    

31.A Principal Executive Officer's Certification Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 31.B Principal Financial   Accounting Officer's Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 32.A Principal Executive Officer s Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 32.B Principal Financial   Accounting Officer s
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

