<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1526952_0001144204-16-132820_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8450951</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91858</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>314262</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2744089</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4019562</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1065692</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>73</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132820.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163347
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132820
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wellesley Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001526952
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				453219901
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35352
		FILM NUMBER:		161984697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 CENTRAL STREET
		CITY:			WELLESLEY
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02482
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-235-2550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 CENTRAL STREET
		CITY:			WELLESLEY
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02482

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132820.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451202_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from ______________
to _____________ 

Commission file number: 001-35352 

WELLESLEY BANCORP, INC.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland   
       
       45-3219901    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
 organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

40 Central Street, Wellesley, Massachusetts   
       
       02482    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Not Applicable    
 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x     
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
  No             

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer        
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company   x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
      No   x     

As of October 31, 2016, there were 2,458,533 shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding. 

WELLESLEY BANCORP, INC.   

Table of Contents  

Page 
No.    
 
        Part I.   Financial Information     

Item 1.  
       
       Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
       
      1   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine  Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      4   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      5   

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      24   

Item 3.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      35   

Item 4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      36   

Part II.   Other Information     

Item 1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      37   

Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      37   

Item 2.  
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      37   

Item 3.  
       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      37   

Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      37   

Item 5.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      37   

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
       
      37   

Signatures    
       
     38  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

WELLESLEY
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION 

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Wellesley Bank (the  Bank ), the principal operating entity, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: Wellesley Securities
Corporation, which engages in the business of buying, selling and dealing in securities exclusively on its own behalf; Wellesley
Investment Partners, LLC, formed to provide investment management services for individuals, not-for-profit entities and businesses;
and Central Linden, LLC, to hold, manage and sell foreclosed real estate. All significant intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. Assets under management at Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC are not included in these
consolidated financial statements because they are not assets of the Company. These financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial
information, and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and
footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting only of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other
period. 

NOTE 2   LOAN POLICIES 

The loan portfolio consists of real estate,
commercial and other loans to the Company s customers in our primary market areas in eastern Massachusetts. The ability of
the Company s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon the economy in general and the real estate and construction
sectors within our markets. 

Loans that management has the intent and
ability to hold for the foreseeable future, or until maturity or pay-off, are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances
adjusted for charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, and any deferred loan origination fees or costs. Interest income is accrued
on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as
an adjustment of the related loan yield using the interest method. 

Interest is generally not accrued on loans
which are identified as impaired or loans which are ninety days or more past due. Past due status is based on the contractual terms
of the loan. Interest income previously accrued on such loans is reversed against current period interest income. Interest income
on non-accrual loans is recognized only to the extent of interest payments received and is first applied to the outstanding principal
balance when collectibility of principal is in doubt. Loans are returned to accrual status when all principal and interest amounts
contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured through sustained payment performance for at least
six months. 

Allowance for loan losses 

The allowance for loan losses is established
through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings as losses are estimated to have occurred. Loan losses are charged against
the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of the loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are
credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated
on a regular basis by management. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant
revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general, allocated and unallocated components. 

General component  

 The general component is based on the following
loan segments: residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, commercial, home equity lines of credit and other
consumer. Management considers a rolling average of historical losses for each segment based on a time frame appropriate to capture
relevant loss data for each loan segment, generally three and 10 years. This historical loss factor is adjusted for the following
qualitative factors: levels/trends in delinquencies; trends in volume; concentrations and terms of loans; level of collateral protection;
effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; experience/ability/depth of lending management and staff; and
national and local economic trends and conditions. There were no significant changes to the Company s policies or methodology
pertaining to the general component of the allowance during 2016 or 2015. 

The qualitative factor adjustments are
determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment
are as follows: 

Residential real estate   The Company
generally does not originate loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 percent and does not originate subprime loans. Most
loans in this segment are collateralized by one-to-four family residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the credit
quality of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, will have
an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Commercial real estate   Loans in
this segment are primarily income-producing properties in the Company s primary market areas in eastern Massachusetts. The
underlying cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased
vacancy rates, which in turn, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management typically obtains rent rolls
annually and continually monitors the cash flows of these loans. 

Construction   Loans in this segment
primarily include speculative construction loans primarily on residential properties for which payment is derived from the sale
of the property. Credit risk is affected by cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate price, and market conditions.   
Residential construction loans in this segment also include loans to build one-to-four family owner-occupied properties which are
subject to the same credit quality factors as residential real estate. 

Commercial   Loans in this segment
are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business.
A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer spending, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Home equity lines of credit   Loans
in this segment are collateralized by one-to-four family residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the credit quality
of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, will have an effect
on the credit quality in this segment. 

Other consumer   Loans in this segment
are generally unsecured and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. 

Allocated component  

 The allocated component relates to loans
that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of expected future
cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the fair value of the loan or, if the loan is collateral dependent,
by the fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or
collateral value) of the impaired loan are lower than the carrying value of that loan. Large groups of smaller-balance homogeneous
loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify performing individual residential
and consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

The Company periodically may agree to modify
the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty,
the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). All TDRs are initially classified as impaired. 

Unallocated component  

 An unallocated component is maintained
to cover additional uncertainties in management s estimation of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance
reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and
general reserves in the portfolio. 

NOTE 3    
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

Accounting principles generally require
that recognized revenue, expenses, and gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities,
such as unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported as a separate component of the stockholders 
equity section of the consolidated balance sheets, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income/loss. 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive
income and related tax effects are as follows: 

NOTE 4    
RECENT ACCOUNTING AND REGULATORY PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In May 2014, Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606) . The amendments in this Update create Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and supersede the revenue
recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, including most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout
the Industry Topics of the Codification. The core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. For public companies, this ASU is effective for annual reporting periods, including interim
periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of this guidance by one
year. Early application is permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. Management is currently evaluating the impact
to the consolidated financial statements of adopting this update.  Management
does not expect the adoption of this update to have a significant impact to the consolidated financial statements.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10),   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,
 to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The key provision
included in the ASU is that equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that
result in consolidation of the investee) will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and
the elimination of the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate
the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost.  For public entities such as the Company, this Update
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This
update is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842 ), which requires a lessee to record a right-to-use asset and liability representing the obligation to
make lease payments for long-term leases. The Update will be effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management does not expect the adoption of this update
to have a significant impact to the consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  This update is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transaction, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim
periods. Management is currently evaluating the impact on the consolidated financial statements of adopting this update. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326,  which requires entities to measure expected credit losses based on relevant
information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectibility of the reported amount. Credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be measured in a manner
similar to current GAAP. However, the amendments in this update require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather
than as a write down. The update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods.
Management is currently evaluating the impact to the consolidated financial statements of adopting this update. 

NOTE 5   SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE  

The amortized cost and fair value of securities
available for sale, with gross unrealized gains and losses, follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt
securities by contractual maturity at September 30, 2016 are as follows. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities
because the issuer, in certain instances, has the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities amounted to $995 thousand with no gross realized gains or losses. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities amounted to $1.1million with gross
realized gains of $16 thousand and no gross realized losses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities amounted to $1.9 million with gross realized gains of $37 thousand
and gross realized losses of $9 thousand. 

Information pertaining to securities with
gross unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous
loss position, follows: 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such evaluations. At September
30, 2016, various debt securities have unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of 1.0% from their aggregate amortized cost
basis. These unrealized losses relate principally to the effect of interest rate changes on the fair value of debt securities and
not an increase in credit risk of the issuers. As the Company does not intend to sell the securities and it is more likely than
not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost, which may be maturity,
the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 6   LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

A summary of the ending balances of loans
is as follows: 

The
following table summarizes the changes in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Additional information pertaining
to the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows:  

The following is a summary of past due and
non-accrual loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following is a summary of impaired loans
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Additional information pertaining to impaired
loans follows: 

No additional funds are committed to be advanced
in connection with impaired loans. 

There were no new TDRs recorded during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company recorded TDRs totaling $187
thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

There were no TDRs that defaulted during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and for which default was within one year of the restructure date.
Generally TDR loans are considered to be in default at 90 days past due. 

Credit Quality Information  

The Company utilizes an eleven-grade internal
loan rating system for commercial real estate, construction and commercial loans. 

Loans rated 1-4: Loans in these categories
are considered  pass  rated loans with low-to-average risk. 

Loans rated
5: Loans in this category are considered  special mention.  These loans are starting to show signs of potential weakness
and are being closely monitored by management. 

Loans rated 6: Loans in this
category are considered  substandard.  Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected
by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligors and/or the collateral pledged. There is a distinct possibility that
the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness is not corrected. 

Loans rated
7: Loans in this category are considered  doubtful.  Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent
in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the
basis of currently existing facts, highly questionable and improbable. 

Loans rated 8: Loans in this
category are considered uncollectible or  loss  and of such little value that their continuance as loans is not warranted. 

Loans rated 9: Loans in this
category only include commercial loans under $25 thousand with no other outstandings or relationships with the Company. 

Loans rated 10: Loans in this
category include   loans which otherwise require rating but which have not been rated, or loans for which the Company s
loan policy does not require rating. 

Loans rated 11: Loans in this
category include credit commitments/relationships that cannot be rated due to a lack of financial information or inaccurate financial
information. If, within 60 days of the assignment of an 11 rating, information is still not available to allow a standard rating,
the credit will be rated 6. 

On an annual basis, or more often if needed,
the Company formally reviews the ratings on all commercial real estate, construction and commercial loans. During each calendar
year, the Company engages an independent third party to review a significant portion of loans within these segments. Management
uses the results of these reviews as part of its annual review process. On a monthly basis, the Company reviews the residential
real estate and consumer loan portfolio for credit quality primarily through the use of delinquency reports. 

The following table presents the Company s
loans by risk rating: 

NOTE 7
  FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

Fair value hierarchy   

The Company groups its assets generally
measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability
of the assumptions used to determine fair value. 

Level 1  
Valuation is based on quoted market prices in active exchange markets for identical assets and liabilities. Valuations are obtained
from readily available pricing sources. 

Level 2   Valuation is
based on observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the assets and liabilities. Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources. 

Level 3   Valuation is
based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets and liabilities. Level 3 assets include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted
cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as those for which the determination of fair value requires significant
management judgment or estimation. 

Transfers between levels are recognized at
the end of a reporting period, if applicable. 

Determination of fair value 

The Company uses fair value measurements
to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Fair value is the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances there are no quoted
market prices for the Company s various financial instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair
values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by
the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may
not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. 

The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures: 

Cash, cash equivalents and
certificates of deposit : The carrying amounts approximate fair values based on the short-term nature of the assets. 

Securities available for
sale : Fair value measurements are obtained from a third-party pricing service and are not adjusted by management. All securities
are measured at fair value in Level 2 based on valuation models that consider standard input factors such as observable market
data, benchmark yields, interest rate volatilities, broker/dealer quotes, credit spreads and new issue data. 

Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB )
stock : The carrying value of FHLB stock is deemed to approximate fair value based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB
of Boston. 

Loans held for sale :
Fair values are based on commitments in effect from investors or prevailing market prices. 

Loans, net : For variable-rate
loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values
for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market interest rates currently being offered for loans
with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Fair values for impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses or underlying collateral values, where applicable. 

Deposits : The fair values
disclosed for non-certificate deposit accounts are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date
(i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation
that applies market interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities
on time deposits. 

Short-term borrowings :
The carrying amount of short-term borrowings approximates fair value, based on the short-term nature of the liabilities. 

Long-term debt : The fair
values of long-term debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current incremental borrowing rates in
the market for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Subordinated debt : The
fair values reported for subordinated debentures are based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rates
used are representative of approximate rates currently offered on instruments with similar terms and maturities. 

Accrued interest : The
carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value. 

Forward loan sale commitments
and derivative loan commitments : The fair value of forward loan sale commitments and derivative loan commitments are based
on fair values of the underlying mortgage loans, including servicing values as applicable. The fair value of derivative loan commitments
also considers the probability of such commitments being exercised. 

Off-balance sheet instruments :
Fair values for off-balance-sheet lending commitments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking
into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The fair values of these instruments
are considered immaterial. 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis   

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized below. 

There
were no liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis 

The Company
may also be required, from time to time, to measure certain other financial assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower-of-cost-or-market
( LOCOM ) accounting or write-downs of individual assets. The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy used
to determine each adjustment and the carrying value of the related individual assets . 

The following table presents the total losses
on loans held for sale and impaired loans for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Loans held for sale ( LHFS )
are evaluated for losses associated with the application of LOCOM accounting. At September 30, 2016, a rise in market interest
rates above contractual loan rates from the time LHFS were recorded is reflected as a reduction in the carrying value of the asset
and a loss is recognized in current period earnings. Losses applicable to certain impaired loans are estimated using the appraised
value of the underlying collateral considering discounting factors and adjusted for selling costs. The loss is not recorded directly
as an adjustment to current earnings, but rather as a component in determining the overall adequacy of the allowance for loan losses.
Adjustments to the estimated fair value of impaired loans may result in increases or decreases to the provision for loan losses. 

There are no liabilities measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 .  

Summary of fair values of financial instruments 

The estimated fair values and related carrying
amounts of the Company s financial instruments are outlined in the table below. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial
instruments are excluded from disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented herein may not necessarily
represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

NOTE
8         EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN    

The Bank maintains an Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (the  ESOP ) to provide eligible employees the opportunity to own Company stock. This plan is a tax-qualified
retirement plan for the benefit of all Company employees. Contributions are allocated to eligible participants on the basis of
compensation, subject to federal tax limits. 

The Company granted a loan to the ESOP
for the purchase shares of the Company s common stock on the closing date of the Company s mutual to stock conversion
in 2012. As of September 30, 2016, the ESOP held 186,338 shares or 7.58% of the common stock outstanding on that date. The loan
obtained by the ESOP from the Company to purchase common stock is payable annually over 15 years at the rate of 3.25% per annum.
The loan can be prepaid without penalty. Loan payments are expected to be funded by cash contributions from the Bank. The loan
is secured by the shares purchased, which are held in a suspense account for allocation among participants as the loan is repaid.
Cash dividends paid on allocated shares will be distributed to participants and cash dividends paid on unallocated shares will
be used to repay the outstanding debt of the ESOP. Shares used as collateral to secure the loan are released and available for
allocation to eligible employees as the principal and interest on the loan is paid. 

Shares held by the ESOP at September 30, 2016 include the following: 

The fair value of unallocated shares was $2.9 million at September
30, 2016. 

Total compensation expense recognized in
connection with the ESOP for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $68 thousand and $191 thousand, respectively. 

NOTE
9         EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS    

Under
the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Equity Incentive Plan ), effective July 27, 2016, the Company
may grant restricted stock awards to its employees and directors for up to 75,000 shares of its common stock.  A restricted
stock award (the  award ) is a grant of shares of Company common stock for no consideration, subject to a vesting schedule
or the satisfaction of market conditions or performance criteria. Awarded shares are held in reserve for each grantee by the Company s
transfer agent, and will be issued from previously authorized but unissued shares upon vesting. The fair value of the stock awards,
based on the market price at the grant date, will be recognized over the five-year vesting period .
On October 1, 2016, the Board of Directors granted stock awards of 26,000 to certain management, employees, and directors. The
fair value of the stock awards, based on the market price on October 3, 2016, will be recorded as unearned compensation, and will
be amortized over the vesting period.  

Under the Company s 2012 Equity Incentive
Plan (the  2012 Equity Incentive Plan ), the Company granted stock options to its employees and directors in the form
of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options totaling 231,894 shares of its common stock. The exercise price of each
stock option was not less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and the maximum
term of each option is 10 years from the date of each award. The vesting period is five years from the date of grant, with vesting
at 20% per year. 

Under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, the
Company also granted stock awards to management, employees and directors. Awarded shares are held in reserve for each grantee by
the Company s transfer agent, and will be issued from previously authorized but unissued shares upon vesting. The fair value
of the stock awards, based on the market price at the grant date, is recognized over the five-year vesting period. 

The Company s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan was terminated
upon approval of the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Stock Options   

 A summary of option activity under the
2012 Equity Incentive Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, compensation expense applicable to the stock options was $53 thousand and $51 thousand, respectively, and the recognized
tax benefit related to this expense was $10 thousand, in both periods. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, compensation expense applicable to the stock options was $159 thousand and $149 thousand, respectively, and the
recognized tax benefit related to this expense was $28 thousand in both years. 

Unrecognized compensation expense for non-vested
stock options totaled $292 thousand as of September 30, 2016, which will be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting
period of 1.41 years. 

Stock Awards   

 There was no activity in non-vested restricted
stock awards under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan or the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, compensation expense applicable to the stock awards was $74 thousand and $71 thousand, respectively, and the recognized
tax benefit related to this expense was $30 thousand and $28 thousand, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, compensation expense applicable to the stock awards was $222 thousand and $223 thousand, respectively, and the recognized
tax benefit related to this expense was $89 thousand in both years. 

Unrecognized compensation expense for non-vested
restricted stock totaled $421 thousand as of September 30, 2016, which will be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting
period of 1.64 years. 

NOTE
10         EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE    

Basic earnings per share represents income
available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share reflect additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares had been
issued, as well as any adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance. Unallocated ESOP shares are not deemed
outstanding for earnings per share calculations. Under the Company s 2012 and 2016 Equity Incentive Plans, stock awards contain
non-forfeitable dividend rights. Accordingly, these shares are considered outstanding for computation of basic earnings per share.
Potential common shares that may be issued by the Company relate to outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards and are
determined using the treasury stock method. 

Earnings per common share have been computed as follows: 

Options for 37,000 shares and 31,400 shares
were not included in the computations of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Anti-dilutive shares are common stock equivalents with exercise prices
in excess of the average market value of the Company s stock for the periods presented. 

NOTE
11       DIVIDENDS DECLARED   

On
August 17, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a  quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share
on the Company s common stock. The dividend was paid to stockholders of record on September 7, 2016.    

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  

Safe Harbor Statement for Forward-Looking
Statements   

This report may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are not historical facts; rather
they are statements based on the Company s current expectations regarding its business strategies and their intended results
and its future performance. Forward-looking statements are preceded by terms such as  expects,   believes, 
 anticipates,   intends , and similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance. Numerous risks and uncertainties could cause or contribute to the Company s actual
results, performance and achievements being materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that may cause or contribute to these differences include, without limitation, general economic conditions, including changes
in market interest rates and changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government; legislative and regulatory changes;
the changing quality and composition of the loan and investment securities portfolio; loan demand; deposit flows; competition;
and, changes in accounting principles and guidelines. Additional factors that may affect our results are discussed in the Company s
2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section titled  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  These factors should be considered
in evaluating the forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Except as required by
applicable law or regulation, the Company assumes no obligation and disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We consider critical
accounting policies to be accounting policies involving significant judgments and assumptions by management that have, or could
have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income. 

Allowance for
Loan Losses.   The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover losses inherent
in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged
to income. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material
estimates required to establish the allowance are the following: the likelihood of loan default; the loss exposure at default;
the amount and timing of future cash flows on impaired loans; the value of collateral; and, the determination of loss factors to
be applied to the various qualitative elements of the portfolio. All of these estimates are susceptible to significant change.
Management reviews the level of the allowance at least quarterly and establishes the provision for loan losses based upon an evaluation
of the portfolio, past loss experience, current economic conditions and other factors related to the collectibility of the loan
portfolio. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments
to the allowance may be necessary if economic or other conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the
evaluation. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, as an integral part
of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to recognize adjustments to
the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. A large loss could
deplete the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would adversely affect earnings. 

Deferred Tax
Assets.   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period
in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Management reviews deferred tax assets
on a quarterly basis to identify any uncertainties pertaining to realization of such assets. In determining whether a valuation
allowance is required against deferred tax assets, management assesses historical and forecasted operating results, including a
review of eligible carry-forward periods, tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. We believe the accounting
estimate related to the valuation allowance is a critical estimate because the underlying assumptions can change from period to
period. For example, tax law changes or variances in future projected operating performance could result in a change in the valuation
allowance. Should actual factors and conditions differ materially from those used by management, the actual realization of net
deferred tax assets could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. If we were not able to realize
all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the related valuation allowance would be charged to income
tax expense in the period such determination was made and could have a negative impact on earnings. In addition, if actual factors
and conditions differ materially from those used by management, we could incur penalties and interest imposed by taxing authorities.
A valuation allowance is not required for the five-year charitable carry-forward created, which expires in 2017, created primarily
by the contribution of 157,477 shares of the Company s common stock to the Wellesley Charitable Foundation as part of the
mutual to stock conversion. It is expected that there will be sufficient income to be able to deduct the entire amount of the contribution
by 2017. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

General.
  Total assets increased $45.1 million, or 7.3%, from $621.2 million at December 31, 2015 to $666.3 million at September
30, 2016.  Total asset growth was due to an increase in net loans of $41.2 
 million, or 8.1%, and an increase of $5.0 million, or 8.0%, in securities available for sale, partially offset by a reduction
of $3.5   million, or 12.5%, in cash and cash equivalents. 

Loans . 
  Growth in the loan portfolio of $41.2 million reflects our expansion efforts over the past couple of years as well as a
strategic focus to diversify our loan portfolio. Commercial loans increased $14.0 million, or 59.2%, due largely to our growing
presence in the Boston market. Commercial real estate loans increased $9.7 million, or 9.4%, as we have had recent success in expanding
our business development efforts. Construction loans increased $8.4 million, or 8.8%, primarily due to strong housing demands within
our lending area .   Residential real estate
loans increased $9.8 million to $266.3 million, compared to $257.0 million at December 31, 2015. Generally, adjustable-rate residential
mortgage loans that are originated are held in portfolio while most all newly originated fixed-rate residential loans are sold
in the secondary market.   

At September 30, 2016,
past due loans totaled $1.7 million as compared to $1.4 million at December 31, 2015. Substantially all delinquent loans are secured
by real estate collateral with values exceeding outstanding loan principal. Any losses expected on delinquent loans have been charged-off
and amounted to $118 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Securities.  
Total securities increased from $62.4   million at December 31, 2015 to $67.4 million at September 30, 2016, as excess liquidity
was invested in government-sponsored enterprise securities, municipal bonds and high-grade corporate bond issues. 

Deposits.  
Total deposits increased $32.1 million, or 6.9%, from $463.7 million at December 31, 2015 to $495.8 million at September 30, 2016.
Demand deposits and NOW accounts increased $23.8 million, or 47.6%, to $120.5 million as growth was realized in both retail and
commercial accounts. Money market accounts increased $9.8 million. Certificates of deposit increased $641 thousand. Savings accounts
decreased $2.1 million. 

Borrowings.  
We use borrowings, primarily from the FHLB, to supplement our supply of funds for loans and securities, and to support short-term
liquidity needs of the institution. Long-term debt, consisting entirely of FHLB advances, increased $5.2 million, or 7.2%, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Short-term borrowings consist entirely of advances from the FHLB with initial maturities
less than one year. Balances of short-term borrowings increased $4.3 million, or 21.3%, since December 31, 2015. Increased lending
activity and liquidity needs were funded primarily by the FHLB borrowings. Subordinated debt was $9.8 million
at September 30, 2016. 

Stockholders 
Equity.   Stockholders  equity increased $3.2 million, or 6.1%, from $52.2 million at December 31, 2015 to $55.4 million
at September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of net income for the nine month period of $2.2 million, share-based compensation
related to the equity incentive plans of $381 thousand, and the after-tax effect of increases in the fair value of available for
sale securities of $675 thousand. 

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.   Net
income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $755 thousand, compared to net income of $700 thousand for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The $55 thousand increase was primarily due to an increase in net interest income and an increase in
noninterest income, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expenses. Net interest income increased $418 thousand to $5.1
million, and noninterest income increased $125 thousand to $415 thousand in the 2016 quarter while noninterest expense increased
$485 thousand to $4.2 million in the same period. 

Net Interest
Income.   Net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $418 thousand, or 8.9%, as compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to increases in the average
balances of loans, partially offset by a decline in loan yields. Interest expense in the period increased, driven by overall deposit
growth, higher rates offered on certificates of deposit, and the issuance of subordinated debt in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Interest and dividend income increased
$672 thousand, or 11.9%, from $5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $6.3 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased 12.2%, while the average rate earned on these assets
decreased by four basis points ( bp ). Interest and fees on loans increased $496 thousand, or 9.3%, due to a 10.4%
increase in the average balance of loans partially offset by an eight bp decrease in the average rate earned on loans. Contributing
to the increase in loan income was the increase in commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan balances during the
period. Interest income from taxable securities increased $151 thousand, or 74.0%, due to an increase in the average balances for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period, as well as an increase in the average rate earned
on these securities of 51 bps as compared to the prior year period. 

The increase in interest expense was
primarily due to an increase in average balances of subordinated debt and long-term debt. The average balance of
interest-bearing deposits increased $32.4 million, or 8.6%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same period in 2015, and the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased one bp. The rate paid on savings
accounts decreased 17 bps primarily due to a lower rate structure for these accounts than in the prior year while the average
balance of savings accounts decreased $2.5 million to $101.3 million, as compared to the prior year period. The cost of term
certificates of deposit increased $103 thousand to $539.9 thousand as balances in both our retail products and deposits
generated through a national certificate of deposit clearinghouse have increased, and rates paid to acquire these balances
have increased 13 bps, compared to the same period last year. The average balance of long-term FHLB advances increased from
$66.4 million to $74.1 million, while rates paid on long-term FHLB advances increased from 1.33% to 1.34%. The subordinated
debt issued in December 2015 has added $159 thousand to our funding costs, as compared to the prior year period, and
contributed to the overall rise in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities in the quarter of  12 bps. Interest expense on
short-term borrowings totaled $29 thousand in the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $24 thousand in
the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to rates increasing by 14 bps. 

Average Balances and Yields.   The
following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest
income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing
liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived
by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. Average
balances have been calculated using daily balances. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Yields
are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on a tax-equivalent basis are insignificant. 

(1)  Ratios for the three month periods have been annualized.   

(2)  Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on average interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost
of interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Represents total average interest-earning assets less total average interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets.   

Rate/Volume Analysis .
The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the
effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total increase (decrease) column represents the sum of the
prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have
been allocated proportionally based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Provision for
Loan Losses.   The provision for loan losses was $125 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$150 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. In the 2016 period, the provision reflects management s estimate
of loan losses based upon historical loan portfolio performance as well as environmental considerations such as the strength of
the regional economy and organizational knowledge and expertise. Three nonperforming loans, secured by residential properties,
previously written down by a combined $113 thousand to a carrying value of $412 thousand, were sold during the quarter. 

Analysis of Loan Loss Experience.
  The following table sets forth an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. 

Noninterest Income.  
Noninterest income totaled $415 thousand, an increase of $125 thousand or 43.1%. Wealth management fees increased $130 thousand
as compared to the prior year as assets under management increased. Income from mortgage banking activities in 2016 increased $37
thousand as sales of longer-term, fixed rate mortgage loans increased as compared to the prior year. These increases in noninterest
income were partially offset by a decrease of $28 thousand in gains on sale of securities. 

Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest
expense increased $485 thousand to $4.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $3.7 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Factors that contributed to the increase in noninterest expense during the 2016 period were increased
salaries and employee benefits of $313 thousand, or 14.7%, primarily attributable to the addition of personnel supporting our Newton
office which opened in April 2016.   Occupancy and equipment expense increased $67 thousand resulting
from normal rent increases and additional rent and other expense associated with our new office space. Professional fees increased
$62 thousand, as one-time charges were incurred during 2016 for certain staffing searches. 

Income Taxes.  
An income tax provision of $463 thousand was recorded during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to a provision of $435
thousand in the comparable 2015 quarter. The effective tax rate for the 2016 three month period was 38.0%, compared with 38.3%
for the 2015 three month period. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.   Net
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.2 million, compared to net income of $1.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The $470 thousand increase was primarily due to increased net interest income of $1.3 million and increased
noninterest income of $474 thousand, partially offset by increased noninterest expense of $1.0 million, and taxes of $291 thousand. 

Net Interest
Income.   Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.3 million, or 9.8%, as compared to
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to an increase in interest income
of $2.3 million, or 14.4%, partially offset by interest expenses that increased $991 thousand, or 37.6%, during the period. 

Interest and dividend
income increased $2.3 million, or 14.4%, from $16.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $18.4 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased 14.4%, while the average rate earned
on these assets remained at 3.98%. Interest and fees on loans increased $1.8 million, or 12.2%, due to a 13.1% increase in the
average balance of loans partially offset by a four bp decrease in the average rate earned on loans. Contributing to the increase
in loan income was the increase in commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan balances during the period. Interest
income from taxable securities increased $340 thousand, or 49.6%, due to an increase in the average balances for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period, as well as an increase in the average rate earned on these securities
of 39 bps as compared to the prior year period. 

The increase in interest
expense was primarily due to an increase in average balances of subordinated debt, interest- bearing deposits, and long-term debt.
The average balance of interest-bearing deposits increased $36.1 million, or 9.8%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
as compared to the same period in 2015, while the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased four bps. The rate paid
on savings accounts decreased 18 bps primarily due to a lower rate structure for these accounts than in the prior year period while
the average balance of savings accounts decreased $12.1 million to $99.8 million, as compared to the prior year period. The cost
of term certificates of deposit increased $502 thousand to $1.6 million as balances in both our retail products and deposits generated
through a national certificate of deposit clearinghouse have increased, and rates paid to acquire these balances have increased
17 bps, as compared to the same period last year. The average balance of long-term FHLB advances increased from $62.1 million to
$74.0 million, while rates paid on long-term FHLB advances increased from 1.26% to 1.35%. The subordinated debt issued in December
2015 has added $477 thousand to our funding costs, as compared to the prior year, and contributed to the overall rise in the cost
of interest-bearing liabilities in the quarter, which increased by 17 bps from the comparative nine month period in 2015. Interest
expense on short-term borrowings totaled $69 thousand in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $45 thousand
in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 while rates paid increased 12 bps. 

Average Balances
and Yields.   The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar
amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on
average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods
indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods
presented. Average balances have been calculated using daily balances. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are
insignificant. Yields are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on a tax-equivalent
basis are insignificant. 

(1)  Ratios for the nine month periods have been annualized.   

(2)  Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on average interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost
of interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Represents total average interest-earning assets less total average interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets.   

Rate/Volume Analysis . 
The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the
effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total increase (decrease) column represents the sum of the
prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have
been allocated proportionally based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Provision for
Loan Losses.   The provision for loan losses was $312 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$300 thousand for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. In the 2016 period, the provision reflects management s
estimate of loan losses based upon historical loan portfolio performance as well as environmental considerations such as the strength
of the regional economy and organizational knowledge and expertise. Three non-performing loans, secured by residential properties,
were written down by a combined $117 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, to a carrying value of $413 thousand,
and were sold during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Analysis of Loan
Loss Experience  . The following table sets forth an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. 

Noninterest Income.  
Noninterest income totaled $1.3 million, an increase of $474 thousand, or 59.5%, as income from wealth management fees in 2016
increased $370 thousand due to higher assets under management. Mortgage banking activities in 2016 increased $85 thousand compared
to 2015 due to increased mortgage sales volumes. Also contributing to the increase was $42 thousand in other commercial loan fee
income, included in miscellaneous other income.     

Noninterest Expense.
  Noninterest expense increased $1.0 million to $12.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $11.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Factors that contributed to the increase in noninterest expense during the
2016 period were increased salaries and employee benefits of $531 thousand, or 8.1%, primarily attributable to the addition of
personnel supporting our Newton office which opened in April, 2016.   Occupancy and equipment expense
increased $221 thousand resulting from normal rent increases and additional rent and other expense associated with our new office
space. Professional fees increased $157 thousand, as one-time charges were incurred during 2016 for certain staffing searches. 

Income Taxes.  
An income tax provision of $1.4 million was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a provision of
$1.1 million in the comparable 2015 period. The effective tax rate for the nine month period was 38.4%, for both the 2016 and 2015
nine month periods. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity Management.
  Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term and long-term nature. Our primary
sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, maturities and sales of securities, and borrowings from the FHLB.
While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows, calls of securities,
and prepayments on loans are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

Management regularly
adjusts our investments in liquid assets based upon an assessment of the following: expected loan demand; expected deposit flows;
yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and, the objectives of our interest-rate risk and investment policies. 

Our most liquid assets
are cash and cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, and securities available for sale. The level of these
assets depends on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash
and cash equivalents, which include short-term investments, totaled $24.7 million. Securities classified as available-for-sale
totaled $67.4 million. Loans held for sale provide additional sources of liquidity and totaled $2.2 million at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had $24.3 million in short-term borrowings outstanding, represented entirely by FHLB advances, and $78.1 million in long-term
debt, also consisting entirely of FHLB advances. At September 30, 2016, we had a total of $25.7 million in unused borrowing capacity
from the FHLB. Short-term borrowings are generally used to fund temporary cash needs due to the timing of loan originations and
deposit gathering activities. Long-term debt is generally used to provide for longer-term funding needs of the Company, including
the match funding of loans originated for portfolio. At September 30, 2016, we also had the ability to borrow $5.0 million from
the Co-operative Central Bank on an unsecured basis, a credit line of $5.0 million with a correspondent bank, and $10.5 million
from the Federal Reserve Bank under a collateralized borrowing program, none of which was outstanding at that date. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had $96.2 million in loan commitments outstanding, which included $33.1 million in unadvanced funds on construction loans,
$26.4 million in unadvanced home equity lines of credit, $14.3 million in unadvanced commercial lines of credit, and $21.5 million
in new loan originations. 

Term certificates
of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 amounted to $125.4 million, or 68.4%, of total term certificates, an increase
of $18.9 million from $106.5 million at December 31, 2015. Balances of term certificates maturing in more than one year decreased
to $57.9 million as compared to $77.0 million at December 31, 2015. Balances of term certificates that mature within one year
reflect customer preferences for greater liquidity of personal funds, while longer-dated certificates reflect a willingness among
customers to accept current interest rates for extended time periods. If maturing deposits are not renewed, we will be required
to seek other sources of funds, including new term certificates and other borrowings. Depending on market conditions, we may be
required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the existing funds. Management believes,
however, based on past experience that a significant portion of our term certificates will be renewed. We have the ability to
attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. 

The Company is a separate
legal entity from the Bank and will have to provide for its own liquidity to pay its operating expenses and other financial obligations.
The Company s primary source of income will be dividends received from the Bank and earnings from investment of net proceeds
from the offering retained by the Company. Massachusetts banking law and FDIC regulations limit distributions of capital. In addition,
the Company is subject to the policy of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( Federal Reserve Board )
that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the Company
appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. At September 30, 2016, the Company had
$1.2 million of liquid assets as represented by cash and cash equivalents on an unconsolidated basis. 

Capital
Management.    The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, including a risk-based capital measure. The Company is also subject to
similar capital requirements set by the Federal Reserve Board. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital
and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk
categories. In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board released its final rules, which implemented the Basel III regulatory capital
reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. These rules became
effective January 1, 2015 for community banks and increased both the quality and quantity of capital held by banks. The final rule
implements strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments and improves the methodology for calculating risk-weighted
assets to enhance risk sensitivity. Consistent with the international Basel framework, the final rule included a new minimum capital
requirement of common equity Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5% and a common equity Tier I capital conservation buffer
of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. The capital conservation buffer is being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted
assets, increasing each year until fully implemented to 2.5% on January 1, 2019. In addition, the final rule raises the minimum
ratio of Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets requirement from 4% to 6% and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking
organizations. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Bank was well-capitalized under the current 2016 rules. Management believes the Bank s capital levels will be characterized
as  well-capitalized  upon full implementation of the new rules. 

We strive to manage
our capital for maximum shareholder benefit. The capital from our stock offering significantly increased our liquidity and capital
resources. Over time, the initial level of liquidity has been reduced as net proceeds from the stock offering were used for general
corporate purposes, including the funding of lending activities. Our financial condition and results of operations were enhanced
by the capital from the offering, resulting over time in increased net interest-earning assets and net income. However, the large
increase in equity resulting from the capital raised in the offering has had an adverse impact on our return on equity. To help
us better manage our capital, we may use such tools as common share repurchases and cash dividends as regulations permit. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course
of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate
and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form of loan
commitments and lines of credit. For information about our loan commitments and unused lines of credit see Liquidity Management
herein. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material
effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk  

Qualitative Aspects of Market Risk  

One
significant   risk affecting the financial condition
and operating results of the Company and the Bank is interest rate risk. We manage the interest rate sensitivity of our interest-bearing
liabilities and interest-earning assets in an effort to minimize the adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment.
Deposit accounts typically react more quickly to changes in market interest rates than mortgage loans because of the shorter maturities
of deposits. As a result, sharp increases in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings while decreases in interest rates
may beneficially affect our earnings. To reduce the potential volatility of our earnings, we have sought to improve the match between
asset and liability maturities and rates, while maintaining an acceptable interest rate spread. Our strategy for managing interest
rate risk emphasizes: originating adjustable-rate loans for retention in our loan portfolio; selling in the secondary market substantially
all newly originated conforming longer-term fixed rate residential mortgage loans; promoting core deposit products; adjusting the
maturities of borrowings; and adjusting the investment portfolio mix and duration.   

We have an Asset/Liability
Committee, which includes members of management to communicate, coordinate and control all aspects involving asset-liability management.
The committee establishes and monitors the volume, maturities, pricing and mix of assets and funding sources with the objective
of managing assets and funding sources to provide results that are consistent with liquidity, growth, risk limits and profitability
goals. 

Quantitative Aspects of Market Risk  

We analyze our interest
rate sensitivity position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements through the use of interest income and equity
simulations. The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities
are  interest sensitive.  An asset or liability is said to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period
if it will mature or reprice within that time period. 

Our goal is to manage
asset and liability positions to moderate the effects of interest rate fluctuations on net interest income and the present value
of our equity. Interest income and equity simulations are completed quarterly and presented to the Asset/Liability Committee and
the Board of Directors. The simulations provide an estimate of the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income and
the present value of our equity under a range of assumptions. The simulation incorporates assumptions regarding the potential timing
in the repricing of certain assets and liabilities when market rates change and the changes in spreads between different market
rates. The simulation analysis incorporates management s current assessment of the risk that pricing margins will change
adversely over time due to competition or other factors. 

Simulation analysis is
only an estimate of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. We continually review the potential effect changes
in interest rates could have on the repayment of rate sensitive assets and funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities.
We engaged a new outside vendor in the third quarter of 2016 to increase the functionality and sophistication of these simulations. 

The table below sets
forth an approximation of our exposure as a percentage of estimated net interest income for the next 12 month period using interest
income and equity simulations. The simulations use projected repricing of assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 on the basis
of contractual maturities, anticipated repayments and scheduled rate adjustments. Prepayment rates can have a significant impact
on the simulations. Because of the large percentage of loans we hold, rising or falling interest rates have a significant impact
on the prepayment speeds of our earning assets that in turn affect the rate sensitivity position. When interest rates rise, prepayments
tend to slow. When interest rates fall, prepayments tend to rise. Our asset sensitivity would be reduced if prepayments slow and
would increase if prepayments accelerated. While we believe such assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed
prepayment rates will approximate actual future mortgage-backed security and loan repayment activity. 

The following table reflects
the estimated effects of changes in interest rates on the present value of our equity at September 30, 2016 and on our projected
net interest income from September 30, 2016 through September 30, 2017. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

The Company s
management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in
the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
(1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2)
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In addition, based
on that evaluation, no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

The Company is not
involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. The
Company s management believes that such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are immaterial to the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

For information regarding
the Company s risk factors, see Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2016. As of September 30,
2016, the risk factors of the Company have not changed materially from those disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds  

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had repurchased and retired 40,535 shares. No shares of common stock were repurchased by the Company in the three months
ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

3.1  
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. (1)   

3.2  
      Bylaws of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. (2)   

31.1  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

32.0  
      Section 1350 Certification   

101.1  
      The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

(1)  Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. s Pre-Effective
Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-176764), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 7, 2011.   

(2)  Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. s Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-176764), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2011.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WELLESLEY
    BANCORP, INC.   

Dated: November
    9, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Thomas J. Fontaine   

Thomas J. Fontaine   

President and Chief
    Executive Officer   

(principal executive
    officer)   

Dated: November
    9, 2016  
         
      By:  
      /s/
    Michael W. Dvorak   

Michael W. Dvorak   

Chief Financial
    Officer and Treasurer    

(principal accounting
    and financial officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451202_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification  

I, Thomas J. Fontaine, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and in preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report, based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:    November 9, 2016  
       /s/ Thomas J. Fontaine   

Thomas J. Fontaine   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451202_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification  

I, Michael W. Dvorak, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and in preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report, based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:    November 9, 2016  
       /s/ Michael W. Dvorak   

Michael W. Dvorak   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    

(principal accounting and financial officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 v451202_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

Exhibit 32.0  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

By:  
      /s/ Thomas J. Fontaine   

Thomas J. Fontaine   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

November 9, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Michael W. Dvorak   

Michael W. Dvorak   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 webk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 webk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 webk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 webk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 webk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 webk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

