<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_11199_0000011199-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5612565</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67842</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>404250</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1852217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2381894</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>796373</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000011199-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028103605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000011199-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEMIS CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000011199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONVERTED PAPER & PAPERBOARD PRODS (NO CONTAINERS/BOXES) [2670]
		IRS NUMBER:				430178130
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05277
		FILM NUMBER:		161957327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE NEENAH CENTER, 4TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 669
		CITY:			NEENAH
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54957-0669
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(920) 727-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE NEENAH CENTER, 4TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 669
		CITY:			NEENAH
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54957-0669

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000011199-16-000065.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 bms-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 
                                                     
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  Commission File Number 1-5277 
    
  BEMIS COMPANY, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    (920) 527-5000 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES     x    NO    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  YES    x    NO    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 
    
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company.  YES    o    NO    x 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  As of   October 26, 2016  , the registrant had   93,711,399   shares of Common Stock, $0.10 par value, issued and outstanding. 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain estimates, predictions, and other  forward-looking statements  (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended).  Forward-looking statements are generally identified with the words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   estimate,   target,   may,   will,   plan,   project,   should,   continue,  or the negative thereof or other similar expressions, or discussion of future goals or aspirations, which are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and which do not relate to historical matters.  Such statements are based on information available to management as of the time of such statements and relate to, among other things, expectations of the business environment in which we operate, projections of future performance (financial and otherwise), including those of acquired companies, perceived opportunities in the market and statements regarding our mission and vision.  Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
    
  Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expected include, but are not limited to, general and global economic conditions caused by inflation, interest rates, consumer confidence, rates of unemployment and foreign currency exchange rates; investment performance of assets in our pension plans; competitive conditions within our markets, including the acceptance of our new and existing products; potential loss of business or increased costs due to customer or vendor consolidation; customer contract bidding activity; threats or challenges to our patented or proprietary technologies; raw materials:  costs, availability, and terms (particularly for polymer resins and adhesives); price changes for raw materials and our ability to pass these price changes on to our customers or otherwise manage commodity price fluctuation risks; unexpected energy surcharges; broad changes in customer order patterns; a failure in our information technology infrastructure or applications; changes in governmental regulation, especially in the areas of environmental, health and safety matters, fiscal incentives, and foreign investment; unexpected outcomes in our current and future administrative and litigation proceedings; unexpected outcomes in our current and future tax proceedings; changes in domestic and international tax laws; costs associated with the pursuit of business combinations or divestitures; unexpected costs associated with the integration of acquired businesses; unexpected costs and timing related to transition of production; changes in our labor relations; and the impact of changes in the world political environment including threatened or actual armed conflict.  These and other risks, uncertainties, and assumptions identified from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation, those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, could cause actual future results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  In addition, actual future results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of changes in the assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements. 

3 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in millions, except per share amounts)    

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in millions)    

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in millions)    

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in millions)    

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note   1       Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by Bemis Company, Inc. (the "Company") in accordance with accounting principles for interim financial information generally accepted in the United States and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position and results of operations.  It is management s opinion, however, that all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) have been made which are necessary for a fair statement of its financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Note   2       New Accounting Guidance 
    
    In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance to simplify elements of cash flow classification.  The guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.  The new guidance requires cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs to be classified as cash outflows for financing activities.  It also requires cash payments made soon after an acquisition's consummation date (approximately three months or less) to be classified as cash outflows for investing activities.  Payments made thereafter should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities up to the amount of the original contingent consideration liability.  Payments made in excess of the amount of the original contingent consideration liability should be classified as cash outflows for operating activities.  The guidance is required to be applied by the Company in the first quarter of 2018, but early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.       
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will change certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees.  The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled and recognized in the statement of cash flows as operating cash flows.  The guidance will also allow employee tax withholdings above the minimum statutory requirement without triggering liability accounting.  Finally, the Company will be able to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur.  The guidance is required to be applied by the Company in the first quarter of 2017, but early adoption is permitted.   
    
  If this guidance was adopted in the first quarter of 2016, diluted earnings per share in the first quarter would have increased by $  0.04   from $  0.59   to $  0.63   due to a reduction in income tax expense.  The impact to operating cash flow in the first quarter of 2016 would have been an increase of $  4.2 million   with a corresponding decrease in financing cash flows.  Stock awards typically vest in the first quarter so the impact is concentrated in the first three months of each year.  The impact in future years will be dependent on Bemis stock performance and the number of shares vesting each year.  The impact in 2016 is expected to be more significant than 2017 as approximately   one million   shares vested in 2016, compared to   0.4 million   shares scheduled to vest in 2017.  The Company expects to adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to today's accounting.  The guidance also eliminates today's real estate-specific provisions and changes the guidance on sale-leaseback transactions, initial direct costs and lease executory costs for all entities.  All entities will classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue and expense.  The guidance is required to be applied by the Company in the first quarter of 2019, but early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
    In September 2015, the FASB issued guidance     that eliminates the current requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively.  Instead, acquirers must recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the amounts, including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date.  The guidance was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of fees paid by a customer for cloud computing arrangements.  The new guidance clarifies that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.  If the arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract.  The guidance was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance which supersedes current revenue recognition requirements.  This guidance is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer for one year the effective date of the new revenue standard.  The guidance is required to be applied by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using one of two retrospective applications methods.  The FASB also decided to permit entities to early adopt the standard.  The Company is currently evaluating the application methods and the impact of this new statement on its consolidated financial statements.  

Note   3       Senior Notes Offering 
    
  On September 15, 2016, the Company issued $  300 million   aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in 2026 with a fixed interest rate of   3.1 percent  .  The Company will pay interest on the notes semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2017.  Net proceeds from the offering of approximately $  296.8 million   were used to repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.  

Note   4       Acquisition 
    
  On April 29, 2016, the Company acquired the medical device packaging operations and related value-added services of SteriPack Group, a global manufacturer of sterile packaging solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical applications.  This acquisition includes a facility in Ireland as well as packaging production assets in Malaysia and the United States.  The cash purchase price was $  115.5 million  .  Of the total purchase price, $  108.3 million   was paid in the six months ended June 30, 2016 and $  7.2 million   was paid in July.  The preliminary allocation of the purchase price resulted in approximately $  66.8 million   of goodwill for the Global Packaging segment, the majority of which is not expected to be tax deductible.  The goodwill identified by this acquisition reflects the benefits expected to be derived from product line expansion.  The fair value and weighted average useful lives that have been assigned to the acquired identifiable intangible assets of this acquisition are: 
                           (in millions, except useful life) 
      
    Fair Value 
      
    Weighted Average Useful Life  
      Customer relationships 
      
    $ 
    21.8 

8 years 
      Order backlog 
      
    1.7 

2 months 
      Total 
      
    $ 
    23.5 

The fair value of assets and liabilities acquired was $  131.3 million   and $  15.8 million  , respectively.  Pro forma financial information and allocation of the purchase price are not presented as the effects of this acquisition are not material to the Company's results of operations or financial position. 

Note   5       Divestiture and Plant Closure 
    
  Bemis Healthcare Packaging Plant Closure 
    
    In January 2015, the Company announced that it would close a plant in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, one of its healthcare packaging facilities.  Production from this facility was transferred to other healthcare packaging facilities throughout 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, plant closure costs of $  6.7 million   were recorded.  These costs were recorded within restructuring and acquisition-related costs and included the Company's best estimate of a withdrawal liability for a multi-employer pension plan settlement.  Operations ceased at this location in January 2016.  The majority of approximately $  7 million   of cash payments are expected in 2016. 
    
  Divestiture of Pressure Sensitive Materials Business  
    
  On November 7, 2014, the Company completed the sale of its global Pressure Sensitive Materials business.  Proceeds of the transaction totaled $  150.5 million  .  Of the total proceeds, $  136.9 million   was received in fiscal 2014 and $  13.6 million   was received in April 2015 which related to settlement of customary post-closing adjustments.  Loss from discontinued operations of $  2.6 million   in 2015 resulted from additional impairment charges, net of tax, reflecting finalization of post-closing adjustments.  

10 

Note   6       Restructuring 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring program to improve efficiencies and reduce fixed costs.  As a part of this program,   four   Latin American facilities within the Global Packaging segment will be closed.  Most of the production from these facilities will be transferred to other facilities.  Based on current estimates and actual charges to date, the Company expects total project costs of approximately $  28   to $  30 million  , with employee termination costs accounting for $  15   to $  16 million   of the total and the balance in other restructuring costs which include fixed asset accelerated depreciation of approximately $  3 million  .  Expenses in the third quarter of 2016 were $  4.3 million   which consisted primarily of fixed asset and other program costs.  Expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $  17.6 million  . 
    
  An analysis of the 2016 program accruals follows: 

Plant closings associated with the program are expected to be completed in 2017, with the majority of program costs incurred by the end of 2016.  Cash payments in 2016 are expected to be approximately $  12   to $  13 million  .  The costs related to restructuring activities have been recorded on the consolidated statement of income as restructuring and acquisition-related costs.  The accruals related to restructuring activities have been recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as other current liabilities. 

Note   7       Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value 
    
  The fair values of the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities listed below reflect the amounts that would be received to sell the assets or paid to transfer the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). 
    
  The Company s non-derivative financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, accounts payable, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying value of these financial instruments, excluding long-term debt, approximates fair value because of the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
    
  Fair value disclosures are classified based on the fair value hierarchy.  Level 1 fair value measurements represent exchange-traded securities which are valued at quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access as of the reporting date.  Level 2 fair value measurements are determined using input prices that are directly observable for the asset or liability or indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.  Level 3 fair value measurements are determined using unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models for the asset or liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability. 
    
  The fair value measurements of the Company s long-term debt represent non-active market exchange-traded securities which are valued at quoted prices or using input prices that are directly observable or indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.  The carrying values and estimated fair values of long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   follow: 

The fair values for derivatives are based on inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability.  These inputs include interest rates.  The financial assets and financial liabilities are primarily valued using standard  
  
   11 

calculations / models that use as their basis readily observable market parameters.  Industry standard data providers are the primary source for forward and spot rate information for both interest rates and currency rates, with resulting valuations periodically validated through third-party or counterparty quotes.  The fair value of the Company's derivatives follows: 

Note   8       Derivative Instruments 
    
  The Company enters into derivative transactions to manage exposures arising in the normal course of business.  The Company does not enter into derivative transactions for speculative or trading purposes.  The Company recognizes all derivative instruments on the balance sheet at fair value.  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are adjusted to fair value through income.  Depending on the nature of derivatives designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value are either offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities, or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in shareholders  equity through other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized.  Gains or losses, if any, related to the ineffective portion of any hedge are recognized through earnings in the current period. 
    
  The Company enters into interest rate swap contracts to economically convert a portion of the Company s fixed-rate debt to variable rate debt.  During the fourth quarter of 2011, the Company entered into   four   interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of $  400 million  .  These contracts were designated as fair value hedges of the Company s $  400 million     4.50 percent   fixed-rate debt due in 2021.  The variable rate for each of the interest rate swaps is based on the six-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), set in arrears, plus a fixed spread.  The variable rates are reset semi-annually at each net settlement date.  Fair values of these interest rate swaps are determined using discounted cash flow or other appropriate methodologies.  Asset positions are included in deferred charges and other assets with a corresponding increase in long-term debt.  Liability positions are included in other liabilities and deferred credits with a corresponding decrease in long-term debt. 
    
  The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to manage foreign currency exchange rate exposures associated with certain foreign currency denominated receivables and payables.  Forward exchange contracts generally have maturities of less than six months and relate primarily to the U.S. dollar for the Company s Brazilian operations.  The Company has not designated these derivative instruments as hedging instruments.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had outstanding forward exchange contracts with notional amounts aggregating $  6.0 million   and $  3.8 million  , respectively.  The net settlement amount (fair value) related to active forward exchange contracts is recorded on the balance sheet as either a current or long-term asset or liability and as an element of other operating income which offsets the related transaction gains or losses.   The net settlement amounts are immaterial for all periods presented. 
    
  The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by counterparties in forward exchange contracts and interest-rate swap contracts.  Collateral is generally not required of the counterparties or of the Company.  In the event a counterparty fails to meet the contractual terms of a currency swap or forward exchange contract, the Company s risk is limited to the fair value of the instrument.  The Company actively monitors its exposure to credit risk through the use of credit approvals and credit limits, and by selecting major international banks and financial institutions as counterparties.  The Company has not had any historical instances of non-performance by any counterparties, nor does it anticipate any future instances of non-performance. 
    
  The fair values, balance sheet presentation, and the hedge designation status of derivative instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are presented in the table below:  

12 

The income statement impact of derivatives is presented in the table below:   

Note   9       Inventories 
    
  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, as determined by the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method, or net realizable value.  Inventory values using the FIFO method of accounting approximate replacement cost.  Inventories are summarized as follows: 

Note   10       Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to each reportable business segment follow: 

Acquisition and acquisition adjustments are comprised of opening balance sheet adjustments related to the Emplal Participa  es S. A. and SteriPack acquisitions. 
    
  The components of amortized intangible assets follow:  

Amortization expense for intangible assets was $  11.6 million   and $  10.3 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Estimated amortization expense is $  4.0 million   for the remainder of   2016  , $  16.1 million   for 2017 and  
  
   13 

2018, $  15.9 million   for 2019, $  15.0 million   for 2020, and $  13.8 million   for 2021.  The Company does not have any accumulated impairment losses.  

Note   11       Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
    
  Benefit costs for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans are shown below.  The funding policy and assumptions disclosed in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K are expected to continue unchanged throughout   2016  . 

In the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company recognized a $  5.8 million   pension settlement charge related to supplemental pension plan lump sum payments.  Costs for defined contribution pension plans were $  1.1 million   and $  9.1 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.  Costs for defined contribution pension plans were $  4.9 million   and $  14.6 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   

Note   12       Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  The components and activity of accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows:  

14 

The following table summarizes amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with pension and other postretirement liability adjustments are net of tax effects of $  82.1 million   and $  89.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

Note   13       Earnings Per Share Computations 
    
  A reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings per share is below:  

There were no anti-dilutive stock awards outstanding for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Note   14       Legal Proceedings 
    
  The Company is involved in a number of lawsuits incidental to its business, including environmental-related litigation and routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.  Although it is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of these cases, the Company believes, except as discussed below, that any ultimate liability would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
          
  Environmental Matters 
    
  The Company is a potentially responsible party ("PRP") pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (commonly known as "Superfund") and similar state and foreign laws in proceedings associated with   17   sites around the United States and   one   in Brazil.  These proceedings were instituted by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state and foreign environmental agencies at various times beginning in 1983.  Superfund and similar state and foreign laws create liability for investigation and remediation in response to releases of hazardous substances in the environment. Under these statutes, joint and several liability may be imposed on waste generators, site owners and operators, and others regardless of fault.  Although these regulations could require the Company to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment at various sites, perform remediation work at such sites, or pay damages for loss of use and non-use values, the Company expects its liability in these proceedings to be limited to monetary damages. The Company expects its future liability relative to these sites to be insignificant, individually and in the aggregate.   

15 

The Company is involved in other environmental-related litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.  The Company accrues environmental costs when it is probable that these costs will be incurred and can be reasonably estimated. The Company's reserve for environmental liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was $  3.7 million   and $  5.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  Brazil Tax Dispute - Goodwill Amortization 
                   
                  During October 2013, Dixie Toga, Ltda ("Dixie Toga") received an income tax assessment in Brazil for the tax years 2009 through 2011 that relates to the amortization of certain goodwill generated from the acquisition of Dixie Toga.  The income tax assessed for those years is approximately $  11.7 million  , translated to U.S. dollars at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate.  The Company expects that tax examinations for years after 2011 will include similar assessments as the Company continues to claim the tax benefits associated with the goodwill amortization.  An ultimate adverse resolution on these assessments, including interest and penalties, could be material to the Company's consolidated results of operations and/or cash flows. 
    
  The Company has been advised by its legal and tax advisors that its position with respect to the deductions is allowable under the tax laws of Brazil. The Company is contesting the disallowance and believes it is more likely than not the tax benefit will be sustained in its entirety and consequently has not recorded a liability. The Company intends to litigate the matter if it is not resolved at the administrative appeals levels. The ultimate outcome will not be determined until the Brazilian tax appeal process is complete, which could take several years.  At this time, the Company believes that final resolution of the assessment will not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
    Brazil Investigation 
    
       On September 18, 2007, the Secretariat of Economic Law ("SDE"), a governmental agency in Brazil (which has now been replaced by the General Superintendence of the Administrative Council for Economic Defense), initiated an investigation into possible anti-competitive practices in the Brazilian flexible packaging industry against a number of Brazilian companies including a Dixie Toga subsidiary.  The investigation relates to periods prior to the Company s acquisition of control of Dixie Toga and its subsidiaries.  Given the nature of the proceedings, the Company is unable at the present time to predict the outcome of this matter. 

16 

Note   15       Segments of Business 
    
  The Company's business activities are organized around and aggregated into its   two   principal business segments, U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging, based on their similar economic characteristics, products, production process, types of customers, and distribution methods. Both internal and external reporting conforms to this organizational structure, with no significant differences in accounting policies applied. Minor intersegment sales are generally priced to reflect nominal markups. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based primarily on operating profit, which is defined as profit before general corporate expense, interest expense, other non-operating expense (income), and income taxes. 
    
  Sales to the Kraft Heinz Company, and its subsidiaries, accounted for approximately eleven percent of the Company's sales in the first nine months of 2016.  The Company primarily sells to Kraft Heinz in the U.S. Packaging segment. 
    
  A summary of the Company s business activities reported by its two business segments follows: 

17 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three and Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Overview 
    
  Bemis Company, Inc. is a major supplier of flexible and rigid plastic packaging used by leading food, consumer products, healthcare, and other companies worldwide.  Historically, about 80 percent of our total net sales are to customers in the food industry.  Sales of our packaging products are widely diversified among food categories and can be found in nearly every aisle of the grocery store.  Our emphasis on supplying packaging to the food industry has typically provided a more stable market environment for our U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging business segments.   
    
  Market Conditions 
    
  The markets into which our products are sold are highly competitive.  Our leading market positions in packaging for perishable food and medical device products reflect our focus on value-added, proprietary products that provide food safety and sterility benefits.  We also manufacture products for which our technical know-how and economies of scale offer us a competitive advantage.  The primary raw materials for our business segments are polymer resins and films, paper, inks, adhesives, aluminum, and chemicals. 

18 

Restructuring 
    
    To improve efficiencies and reduce fixed costs, we initiated a restructuring program during the second quarter of 2016.  As a part of this program, four Latin American facilities within the Global Packaging segment will be closed.  Most of the production from these facilities will be transferred to other facilities.  The closures are expected to be completed in 2017.  We expect total project costs of approximately $28 to $30 million, with employee termination costs accounting for $15 to $16 million of the total and the balance in other restructuring costs which include fixed asset accelerated depreciation of approximately $3 million.  Cost reductions from the program are expected to reach the full run rate of approximately $16 million annually during 2018.  As the economic environment in Latin America continues to challenge consumers, as well as our customers in the region, this consolidation program helps us offset these headwinds and keeps us on track in achieving our long-term margin targets in the Global Packaging segment. 
    
  We recorded $4.3 million and $17.6 million of charges associated with the restructuring program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  These costs have been recorded on the consolidated statement of income as restructuring and acquisition-related costs.  Total program cash payments are expected to be $25 to $28 million with approximately $12 to $13 million paid in 2016 and the majority of the balance paid in 2017. 

Discontinued Operations 
    
    On November 7, 2014, the Company completed the sale of its global Pressure Sensitive Materials business.  Proceeds of the transaction totaled $150.5 million.  Of the total proceeds, $  136.9 million   was received in fiscal 2014 and $  13.6 million   was received in April 2015 which related to settlement of customary post-closing adjustments.   
    
  Loss from discontinued operations of $2.6 million in 2015 resulted from additional impairment charges, net of tax, reflecting finalization of post-closing adjustments.  

Acquisitions 
    
  Acquisition of SteriPack Group 
  On April 29, 2016, we acquired the medical device packaging operations and related value-added services of SteriPack Group, a global manufacturer of sterile packaging solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical applications.  This acquisition includes a facility in Ireland as well as packaging production assets in Malaysia and the United States.  These operations recorded annual net sales of approximately $65 million in fiscal 2015.  The cash purchase price was $115.5 million. 
    
  Acquisition of Emplal Participa  es S.A. 
    On December 1, 2015, we acquired the rigid plastic packaging operations of Emplal Participa  es S.A. ("Emplal"), a privately-owned Brazilian manufacturer of plastic packaging for food and consumer applications.  The acquisition supports our growth strategy to expand in markets that fit our strengths and capabilities.  The cash purchase price was $67.0 million. 

19 

Results of Operations     Third   Quarter   2016    
    
  Consolidated Overview    

Net sales for the   third   quarter of   2016     increased     0.9 percent   compared to the same period of   2015  .  The impact of currency translation   reduced   net sales by   1.9 percent  .  The Emplal Participa  es S.A. and SteriPack acquisitions   increased   net sales by   3.2 percent  .  
    
  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the   third   quarter of   2016   were $  0.72   compared to $  0.64   reported in the same quarter of   2015  .  Results for 2016 included a $  0.03   per share charge for restructuring costs related primarily to anticipated plant closures in Latin America.  Results for 2015 included a $0.02 charge for acquisition-related costs comprised of direct acquisition costs associated with the Emplal Participa  es S.A. acquisition and charges related to contingent liabilities associated with a prior acquisition and a $0.01 charge from a healthcare packaging plant closure. 
    
  U.S. Packaging Business Segment   

U.S. Packaging net sales of $  657.6 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   represented a decrease of   4.7 percent   compared to the same period of   2015  .  Unit volumes were approximately the same as the prior third quarter.  The decrease in net sales was driven by mix of products sold and the contractual pass through of lower raw material costs.  
    
  U.S. Packaging operating profit increased to $  100.8 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , or   15.3 percent   of net sales, compared to $  100.0 million  , or   14.5 percent   of net sales, in   2015  .  This margin increase primarily reflects operational improvements attributable to manufacturing efficiencies from our asset recapitalization program. 
     
  Global Packaging Business Segment   

Global Packaging net sales for the   third   quarter of   2016   of $  369.6 million   represented an increase of   12.6 percent   compared to the same period of   2015  .  Currency translation   reduced   net sales by   6.0 percent  .  Acquisitions increased net sales by   9.9 percent  .  Excluding the impact of currency translation and acquisitions, net sales increased by 8.7 percent, reflecting increased sales price and mix.  Unit volumes were approximately the same as the prior third quarter. 
            
  Global Packaging operating profit for the   third   quarter of   2016   was $  31.8 million   compared to $  29.9 million   for the same period in   2015  .  Restructuring costs related to plant closures in Latin America decreased operating profit by $4.3 million.   The net impact of currency translation reduced operating profit during the   third   quarter of   2016   by $1.0 million as compared to the same period in 2015.  Operating profit during the quarter reflects the impact of positive sales price and mix, partially offset by continued operational inefficiencies at one of our healthcare packaging facilities.  During 2015, management initiated the planned closure of one of our healthcare packaging plants, resulting in a $1.4 million pre-tax charge for the third quarter.  The Emplal Participa  es S.A. acquisition resulted in a $0.5 million pre-tax charge for the third quarter of 2015. 

20 

Consolidated Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 

SG A expenses declined due to the impact of lower employee-related expenses and disciplined cost control measures.  We expect total SG A to be slightly less than 10 percent of net sales for the full year 2016. 
    
  Interest Expense 

Interest expense increased primarily as a result of higher debt balances due to recent acquisitions and higher interest rates on commercial paper and other variable-rate debt. 
       
  Results of Operations     Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016    
    
  Consolidated Overview    

Net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   decreased     2.3 percent   from the same period of   2015  .  The impact of currency translation   reduced   net sales by   4.2 percent  .  The Emplal Participa  es S.A. and SteriPack acquisitions   increased   net sales by 2.4 percent.  
     
  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were $  1.84   compared to   $1.89   reported in the same period of   2015  .  Results for 2016 included a $  0.12   per share charge for restructuring costs related primarily to planned plant closures and related severance in Latin America.  Results also included a $  0.06   per share charge for acquisition-related costs comprised primarily of costs associated with the Emplal Participa  es S.A. and SteriPack acquisitions.  These costs were recorded both in operating income and interest expense, reflecting fees to extinguish portions of the Emplal seller's debt.  The net impact of currency translation decreased operating profit during the first nine months of 2016 by approximately $0.05 of total Company earnings per share.  Results for   2015   included a $  0.04   charge from a healthcare packaging plant closure and a $0.02 charge for acquisition-related costs comprised of direct acquisition costs associated with the Emplal Participa  es S.A. acquisition and charges related to contingent liabilities associated with a prior acquisition. 
    
  U.S. Packaging Business Segment   

U.S. Packaging net sales   decreased     4.9 percent   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of   2015  .  Compared to the prior year, unit volumes were relatively flat during the first nine months of the year.  The decrease in net sales was driven by the contractual pass through of lower raw material costs as well as the mix of products sold.       
  Operating profit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  306.0 million  , or   15.4 percent   of net sales, compared to $  298.3 million  , or   14.3 percent   of net sales, in   2015  .  This margin increase primarily reflects operational improvements attributable to manufacturing efficiencies and our asset recapitalization program.  
  
   21 

Global Packaging Business Segment   

Global Packaging net sales   increased     3.1 percent   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of   2015  .  The impact of currency translation   reduced   net sales by   13.1 percent  , primarily due to currencies in Latin America.  The Emplal Participa  es S. A. and SteriPack acquisitions increased net sales by 7.2 percent.  Excluding the impact of currency translation and acquisitions, net sales increased by 9.0 percent, reflecting increased sales price and mix along with increased unit volumes of approximately 1 percent.  
    
  Operating profit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  56.0 million  , or   5.5 percent   of net sales, compared to $  81.2 million  , or   8.1 percent   of net sales, in   2015  .  The net impact of currency translation decreased operating profit during the first nine months of   2016   by $7.4 million as compared to the prior year, or approximately $0.05 of total Company earnings per share, primarily due to currencies in Latin America.  Restructuring charges totaled $17.6 million for the first nine months of 2016.  The Emplal Participa  es S. A. and SteriPack acquisitions resulted in $7.0 million of acquisition-related costs for the first nine months of 2016.   Operational inefficiencies in our Latin American business and at our expanded Oshkosh healthcare packaging facility reduced operating profit by approximately $14 million in the first nine months of the year.  In Latin America, we improved profits sequentially related to the operational inefficiencies we experienced in the first quarter.  In our healthcare packaging business, we continue to work through the ramp-up of our newly hired workforce at our expanded Oshkosh facility.  These unfavorable impacts were more than offset by improvements in our other global businesses and the operating results of our recently acquired businesses.  During 2015, management initiated the planned closure of one of its healthcare packaging plants, resulting in a $6.7 million pre-tax charge.  The Emplal Participa  es S. A. acquisition resulted in $0.5 million of acquisition-related costs for the first nine months of 2015. 
    
  Interest Expense 

Interest expense increased primarily as a result of higher debt balances due to recent acquisitions and higher interest rates on commercial paper and other variable-rate debt.  The increase was also a result of $0.9 million of fees paid in 2016 to extinguish portions of the debt assumed related to the Emplal Participa  es S.A. acquisition.  
    
  Other Non-operating Income  

A $2.2 million pre-tax gain on the sale of land was recorded as part of other non-operating income in the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The remaining difference relates to less interest income recorded in 2016 compared to 2015. 
    
  Consolidated Income Taxes 

The reduction in the year-to-date effective tax rate to 32.7 percent in 2016 from 33.6 percent in 2015 is primarily due to differences in the geographic mix of income.  We expect the effective tax rate for the full year of 2016 to be slightly less than 33 percent. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Net Debt to Total Capitalization 
    
  Net debt to total capitalization (which includes total debt net of cash balances divided by total debt net of cash balances plus equity) was 52.6 percent and 52.4 percent at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Total debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. 
    
  Cash Flow 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $  348.4 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to $  412.0 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  .  Prior year cash flow reflects the initial benefits of programs implemented to drive improvements in working capital. 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities was $  236.2 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to $  124.9 million   for the same period of   2015  .  Capital expenditures were $  129.0 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to $  147.9 million   for the first   nine   months of   2015  .  Cash used for acquisitions totaled $114.5 million for the first nine months of 2016, primarily related to our SteriPack acquisition.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received approximately $6.9 million as net proceeds from the sale of land and buildings in Brazil and Mexico related to a previous restructuring program. 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities was $  93.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $  243.0 million   for the same period of   2015  .  In 2016, net borrowing of debt was an inflow of $99.3 million, compared to an outflow in 2015 of $49.8 million. 
    
  On September 15, 2016, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in 2026 with a fixed interest rate of 3.1 percent.  The proceeds were used to repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.   
    
  Available Financing 
    
  In addition to using cash provided by operating activities, we issue commercial paper to meet our short-term liquidity needs.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our commercial paper debt outstanding was $165.5 million.  Based on our current credit rating, we enjoy ready access to the commercial paper markets. 
    
  On July 22, 2016, we amended our revolving credit facility extending the term of the agreement from August 12, 2018 to July 22, 2021.  Our revolving credit facility is supported by a group of major U.S. and international banks.  Covenants imposed by the revolving credit facility include minimum net worth calculations and a maximum ratio of debt to total capitalization.  The revolving credit agreement includes a $100 million multicurrency limit to support the financing needs of our international subsidiaries.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was $165.5 million of debt outstanding supported by this credit facility, leaving $934.5 million of available credit.  If we were not able to issue commercial paper, we would expect to meet our financial liquidity needs by accessing the bank market, which would increase our borrowing costs.  Borrowings under the credit agreement are subject to a variable interest rate.  We are in compliance with all debt covenants.   
    
  Liquidity Outlook 
    
  We expect cash flow from operations and available liquidity described above to be sufficient to support future operating activites.  There can be no assurance, however, that the cost or availability of future borrowings will not be impacted by future capital market disruptions.  
    
  Dividends 
    
  In February 2016, the Board of Directors approved the 33   rd    consecutive annual increase in the quarterly cash dividend on common stock to $0.29 per share, a 3.6 percent increase. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Refer to Note   2     New Accounting Guidance in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

23 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments 
    
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.  On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to retirement benefits, intangible assets, goodwill, and expected future performance of operations.  Our estimates and judgments are based on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  These critical accounting estimates are discussed in detail in  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  There have been no material changes in the Company s market risk during the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  For additional information, refer to Note   7   and Note   8   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and to Part II, Item 7A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  The Company s management, under the direction, supervision, and involvement of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has carried out an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) of the Company.  Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that disclosure controls and procedures in place at the Company are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  The material set forth in Note   14   of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    Information about our risk factors is contained in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  We believe that at   September 30, 2016  , there has been no material change to this information. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On February 4, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 20 million shares for repurchase.  During the third quarter of 2016, we repurchased 1,000,000 of our equity securities in the open market at an average purchase price of $51.06 per share.  As of   September 30, 2016  , under authority granted by the Board of Directors, we have remaining authorization to repurchase an additional 21,357,891 shares of our common stock.   

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
    
  The Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

25 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BEMIS COMPANY, INC. 

Date 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Michael B. Clauer 

Michael B. Clauer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

26 

Exhibit Index 
    
  Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), we have filed certain agreements as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  These agreements may contain representations and warranties by the parties thereto.  These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other party or parties to such agreements and (i) may have been qualified by disclosures made to such other party or parties, (ii) were made only as of the date of such agreements or such other date(s) as may be specified in such agreements and are subject to more recent developments, which may not be fully reflected in our public disclosure, (iii) may reflect the allocation of risk among the parties to such agreements and (iv) may apply materiality standards different from what may be viewed as material to investors.  Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe our actual state of affairs at the date hereof and should not be relied upon. 
    
                       Exhibit 
      
    Description 
      
    Form of Filing 
      3(a) 
      
    Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. (1) 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      3(b) 
      
    By-Laws of the Registrant, as amended through October 7, 2016. (2) 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      4(a) 
      
    Form of Indenture dated as of June 15, 1995, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust National Association (formerly known as First Trust National Association), as Trustee. Copies of constituent instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company and Subsidiaries, other than the Indenture specified herein, are not filed herewith, pursuant to Instruction (b)(4)(iii)(A) to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, because the total amount of securities Authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The registrant hereby agrees that it will, upon request by the SEC, furnish to the SEC a copy of each such instrument. (3) 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      4(b) 
      
    Form of 3.100% Note due 2026. (5) 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      10(a) 
      
    Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, by and among the Company, the Borrowing Subsidiaries party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, and various financial institutions. (4) 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CEO. 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CFO. 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      32 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of CEO and CFO. 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101 
      
    Interactive data files. 
      
    Filed Electronically 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bms-20160930xexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CEO 
    
  I, William F. Austen, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Bemis Company, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
                          Date 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    By 
    /s/ William F. Austen 

William F. Austen, President and Chief Executive Officer 

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bms-20160930xexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CFO 
    
  I, Michael B. Clauer, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Bemis Company, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          Date 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    By 
    /s/ Michael B. Clauer 

Michael B. Clauer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 bms-20160930xexhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
    
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO 
    
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned certifies that the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bemis Company, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bemis Company, Inc. 
     
                   /s/ William F. Austen 
      
    /s/ Michael B. Clauer 
      William F. Austen, President 
      
    Michael B. Clauer, Vice President 
        and Chief Executive Officer 
      
      and Chief Financial Officer 
      October 28, 2016 
      
    October 28, 2016 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bms-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bms-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bms-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bms-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bms-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bms-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

