<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1161366_0001193125-16-760049_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1983676</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89511</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>138562</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>337669</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>778813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>540046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760049.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104145746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001161364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				061615412
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-72440
		FILM NUMBER:		161974840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDIACOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL RUN ROAD
		CITY:			MIDDLETOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10941
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8456952600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDIACOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL RUN ROAD
		CITY:			MIDDLETOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10941

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDIACOM  BROADBAND LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011022

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIACOM BROADBAND CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001161366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				061630167
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-82124-02
		FILM NUMBER:		161974841

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDIACOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL RUN ROAD
		CITY:			MIDDLETOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10941
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8456952600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDIACOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL RUN ROAD
		CITY:			MIDDLETOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10941

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760049.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d257093d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)   
  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
           
  Mediacom Broadband LLC   
  Mediacom Broadband Corporation*   
  (Exact names of Registrants as specified in their charters)   

1 Mediacom Way   
  Mediacom Park, NY 10918   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (845) 443-2600   
  (Registrants  telephone number)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the Registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrants were required to file such
reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes       No  
 Note: As voluntary filers, not subject to the filing requirements, the Registrants have filed all reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months.   Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants have submitted electronically and posted on their corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrants were required to submit and post such
files).       Yes        No    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants are
large accelerated filers, accelerated filers, non-accelerated filers or smaller reporting companies. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filers 

Accelerated filers 

Non-accelerated filers 

Smaller reporting companies 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes       No    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the
Registrants  common stock: Not Applicable      

* 
 Mediacom Broadband Corporation meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H (1) (a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format.    

Table of Contents  

     MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE
PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016      TABLE OF CONTENTS       
   This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Any statement contained in
a prior periodic report shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Quarterly Report to the extent that a statement herein modifies or supersedes such statement. The Securities and Exchange Commission allows us to
 incorporate by reference  information that we file with them, which means that we can disclose important information by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this
Quarterly Report.    Mediacom Broadband LLC is a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediacom Communications Corporation, a
Delaware corporation. Mediacom Broadband Corporation is a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediacom Broadband LLC. Mediacom Broadband Corporation was formed for the sole purpose of acting as co-issuer with Mediacom Broadband LLC
of debt securities and does not conduct operations of its own.    References in this Quarterly Report to  we,   us,  or  our 
are to Mediacom Broadband LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (including Mediacom Broadband Corporation), unless the context specifies or requires otherwise. References in this Quarterly Report to  Mediacom  or  MCC  are
to Mediacom Communications Corporation.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
 You should carefully review the information contained in this Quarterly Report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC.
   In this Quarterly Report, we state our beliefs of future events and of our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify those so-called
 forward-looking statements  by words such as  anticipates,   believes,   continue,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans, 
 potential,   predicts,   should  or  will,  or the negative of those and other comparable words. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results, and are subject to risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those we anticipate as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that may cause such differences to occur include, but
are not limited to:      

increased levels of competition for residential and business customers from other providers, including but not limited to direct broadcast satellite operators, local phone companies, other cable providers, wireless
communications companies, and providers that offer streaming and downloading of video content over the Internet;        

lower demand for our residential and business services, which may result from increased competition, weakened economic conditions or other factors;    

our ability to contain the continued increases in video programming costs, or to raise video rates to offset, in whole or in part, the effects of such costs, including retransmission consent fees;    

significant increases in the use of bandwidth-intensive Internet services;        

our ability to further expand our business services, which has continued to make increasing contributions to our results of operations;    

our ability to successfully adopt new technologies and introduce new products and services to meet customer demands and preferences;    

our ability to secure hardware, software and operational support for the delivery of products and services to consumers;        

disruptions or failures of our network and information systems, including those caused by  cyber-attacks,  natural disasters or other material events outside our control;    

our reliance on certain intellectual property rights, and not infringing on the intellectual property rights of others;        

our ability to refinance future debt maturities or provide future funding for general corporate purposes and potential strategic transactions, on favorable terms, if at all;    

our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet our debt service obligations;        

changes in assumptions underlying our critical accounting policies;        

changes in legislative and regulatory matters that may cause us to incur additional costs and expenses; and        

other risks and uncertainties discussed in the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC.    
 Statements included in this Quarterly Report are based upon information known to us as of the date that this Quarterly Report is filed with the SEC, and we
assume no obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable federal securities laws.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

      PART I    
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
    MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 (Dollars in thousands)    (Unaudited)
     
   The accompanying notes to the unaudited financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
 (Dollars in thousands)    (Unaudited)
     
   The accompanying notes to the unaudited financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 (Dollars in thousands)    (Unaudited)
     
   The accompanying notes to the unaudited financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 (Unaudited)     1. ORGANIZATION   
   Basis of Preparation of Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements    
 Mediacom Broadband LLC ( Mediacom Broadband,  and collectively with its subsidiaries,  we,   our  or  us ) is a
Delaware limited liability company wholly-owned by Mediacom Communications Corporation ( MCC ). MCC is involved in the acquisition and operation of cable systems serving smaller cities and towns in the United States, and its cable systems
are owned and operated through our operating subsidiaries and those of Mediacom LLC, a New York limited liability company wholly-owned by MCC. As limited liability companies, we and Mediacom LLC are not subject to income taxes and, as such, are
included in the consolidated federal and state income tax returns of MCC, a C corporation.    Our principal operating subsidiaries conduct all of our
consolidated operations and own substantially all of our consolidated assets. Our operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make funds available to us.  
 We have prepared these unaudited consolidated financial statements in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). In the opinion of management, such statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of our consolidated results of operations, financial position, and cash
flows for the interim periods presented. The accounting policies followed during such interim periods reported are in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are consistent with those applied
during annual periods. For a summary of our accounting policies and other information, refer to our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that might be expected for future interim periods or for the full year ending December 31, 2016.  
 Mediacom Broadband Corporation ( Broadband Corporation ), a Delaware corporation wholly-owned by us, co-issued, jointly and severally with us,
public debt securities. Broadband Corporation has no operations, revenues or cash flows and has no assets, liabilities or stockholders  equity on its balance sheet, other than a one-hundred dollar receivable from an affiliate and the same
dollar amount of common stock. Therefore, separate financial statements have not been presented for this entity.    Franchise fees imposed by local
governmental authorities are collected on a monthly basis from our customers and are periodically remitted to the local governmental authorities. Because franchise fees are our obligation, we present them on a gross basis within revenues with a
corresponding operating expense. Franchise fees reported on a gross basis amounted to $5.8 million and $5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $17.6 million and $17.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Reclassifications    
 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation.  
  2. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS     In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09  - Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). The guidance states that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. An entity should also disclose
sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. This guidance supersedes most industry-specific guidance,
including Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 51    Financial Reporting by Cable Television Companies . In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which deferred by one year
the effective date of ASU 2014-09 until reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within the reporting period. The FASB is permitting early adoption of the updated accounting guidance, but not before the
original effective date of December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the methods of adoption allowed by the new standard and the effect the standard and related guidance is expected to have on our consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures.    In August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance that requires management to assess the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern and to provide related disclosures in certain circumstances. This guidance is effective for interim and fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect this guidance will have a material
impact on our financial position, operations or cash flows.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In April 2015 (as amended in August 2015), the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03 (and ASU 2015-15) -
 Interest Imputation of Interest  (Subtopic 835-30)  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ). The purpose of this guidance is to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. For public business entities, the amendments in this
update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity should apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet
of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. We adopted ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of January 1, 2016 and implemented retrospectively as of December 31,
2015. We reclassified $15.4 million of deferred financing costs from other assets, net to long-term debt, net (less current portion) as of September 30, 2016 in accordance with such guidance. We reclassified $20.2 million of deferred financing
costs from other assets, net to long-term debt, net (less current portion) as of December 31, 2015 in accordance with such guidance. See Note 6.    In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05 -  Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software  (Subtopic 350-40) ( ASU 2015-05 ). The objective of ASU 2015-05 is to address the concerns of stakeholders that the lack of
guidance about a customer s accounting for fees in a cloud computing arrangement leads to unnecessary cost and complexity when evaluating the accounting for those fees, as well as some diversity in practice. The amendments in ASU 2015-05 will
help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement by providing guidance as to whether an arrangement includes the sale or license of software. Examples of cloud computing arrangements include software
as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and other similar hosting arrangements. This guidance is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.
We adopted this new guidance as of January 1, 2016 and determined that there was not a material impact to our operations.    In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02 -  Leases  (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). The objective of ASU 2016-02 is to address the concerns to increase the transparency around lease obligations. To address these concerns, previously unrecorded off-balance
sheet obligations will now be brought more prominently to light by presenting lease liabilities on the face of the balance sheet. Accompanied by enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures in the notes to the financial statements, financial
statement users will be able to more accurately compare information from one company to another. This guidance is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. We have
not completed our evaluation of this new guidance.   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15    Statement of Cash Flows    Clarification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ( ASU 2016-15 ). Stakeholders indicated that there is diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under
Topic 230,  Statement of Cash Flows , and other topics. ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We do not expect ASU 2016-15 will have a material impact on financial position, operations or cash flows upon adoption.  
  3. FAIR VALUE     The tables below set forth our financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using a market-based approach. Our financial assets and liabilities, all of which represent interest rate exchange agreements (which we refer to as  interest rate swaps )
have been categorized according to the three-level fair value hierarchy established by Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) No. 820    Fair Value Measurement , which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value,
as follows (dollars in thousands):      

Level 1   Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.        

Level 2   Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.        

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.    
      8  

Table of Contents  

The fair value of our interest rate swaps represents the estimated amount that we would receive or pay to terminate such
agreements, taking into account projected interest rates, based on quoted London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) futures and the remaining time to maturity. While our interest rate swaps are subject to contractual terms that provide for
the net settlement of transactions with counterparties, we do not offset assets and liabilities under these agreements for financial statement presentation purposes, and assets and liabilities are reported on a gross basis.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we recorded a current liability in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $3.2 million, a
long-term liability in other non-current liabilities of $3.0 million and no current or long-term assets. As of December 31, 2015, we recorded a long-term asset of $1.8 million, a current liability in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
current liabilities of $3.7 million, and no current assets or long-term liabilities.    As a result of the changes in the mark-to-market valuations on our
interest rate swaps, we recorded a net gain on derivatives of $4.4 million and a net loss of $4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and a net loss on derivatives of $4.3 million and a net gain on
derivatives of $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

   5. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES   
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):  

(1) 
 Bank overdrafts represent outstanding checks in excess of funds on deposit at our disbursement accounts. We transfer funds from our depository accounts to our disbursement accounts upon daily notification of checks
presented for payment. Changes in bank overdrafts are reported in  other financing activities  in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    
  6. DEBT     Outstanding debt consisted of the following
(dollars in thousands):      
     2016 Financing Activity    
 On May 19, 2016, we repaid the entire $245.6 million balance of Term Loan I under our bank credit facility, that was funded by borrowings of $170.6 million
under our revolving credit commitments and $75.0 million of capital contributions by our parent, MCC. On the same date, MCC received the $75.0 million of capital contributions from Mediacom LLC. We recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of
$1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which represented the write-off of certain unamortized financing costs as a result of the repayment of Term Loan I.  
   Bank Credit Facility      As of
September 30, 2016, we maintained a $1.388 billion bank credit facility (the  credit facility ), comprising:      

10  

Table of Contents  

As of September
30, 2016, we had $223.4 million of unused revolving credit commitments, all of which were available to be borrowed and used for general corporate purposes, after giving effect to approximately $135.4 million of outstanding loans and $9.7 million of
letters of credit issued thereunder to various parties as collateral.    The credit facility is collateralized by our ownership interests in our operating
subsidiaries and is guaranteed by us on a limited recourse basis to the extent of such ownership interests. All outstanding debt under the credit facility may be prepaid, at our option, at par any time prior to maturity. As of September 30, 2016,
the credit agreement governing the credit facility (the  credit agreement ) required our operating subsidiaries to maintain a total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 5.0 to 1.0 and an interest coverage
ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than 2.0 to 1.0. For all periods through September 30, 2016, our operating subsidiaries were in compliance with all covenants under the credit agreement.  
  Interest Rate Swaps     We have entered into
several interest rate exchange agreements (which we refer to as  interest rate swaps ) with various banks to fix the variable rate on a portion of our borrowings under the credit facility to reduce the potential volatility in our interest
expense that may result from changes in market interest rates. Our interest rate swaps have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and have been accounted for on a mark-to-market basis as of, and for the three and nine months ended,
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had interest rate swaps that fixed the variable portion of $600 million of borrowings at a rate of 1.5%, all of which are scheduled to expire during December 2018.
   As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, including the effect of our interest
rate swaps, was 3.6%.      Senior Notes    
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $500 million of outstanding senior notes, comprising $200 million of
5  1   2 % senior notes due April 2021 and $300 million of 6  3   8 % senior
notes due April 2023. The indentures governing our senior notes (the  indentures ) provide for early redemption of the senior notes, at our option, at the prices and subject to the terms specified in the indentures. Our senior notes are
unsecured obligations, and the indentures limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness based upon a maximum debt to operating cash flow ratio (as defined in the indentures) of 8.5 to 1.0. For all periods through September 30, 2016, we were in
compliance with all covenants under the indentures.      Deferred Financing Costs    
 We adopted ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of January 1, 2016 and implemented retrospectively as of December 31, 2015. We reclassified $15.4 million of
deferred financing costs from other assets, net to long-term debt, net (less current portion) as of September 30, 2016 in accordance with such guidance. We reclassified $20.2 million of deferred financing costs from other assets, net to long-term
debt, net (less current portion) as of December 31, 2015 in accordance with such guidance. See Note 2.      Debt Ratings    
 MCC s corporate credit ratings are Ba3 by Moody s and BB by Standard and Poor s ( S P ), and our senior unsecured ratings are B2
by Moody s and B+ by S P, all with a stable outlook. There are no covenants, events of default, borrowing conditions or other terms in the credit agreement or indentures that are based on changes in our credit rating assigned by any rating
agency.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    Fair Value    
 The fair values of our senior notes and outstanding debt under the credit facility (which were calculated based upon unobservable inputs that are corroborated
by market data that we determine to be Level 2), were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
    7. PREFERRED MEMBERS  INTEREST   
 In July 2001, we received a $150.0 million preferred membership investment ( PMI ) from the operating subsidiaries of Mediacom LLC, which has a 12%
annual dividend, payable quarterly in cash. We paid $4.5 million in cash dividends on the PMI during each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $13.5 million during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
    8. MEMBER S EQUITY     As a wholly-owned
subsidiary of MCC, our business affairs, including our financing decisions, are directed by MCC. See Note 9.    Capital contributions from parent and
capital distributions to parent are reported on a gross basis in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We received $75.0 million in capital contributions from parent and made $6.2 million in capital distributions to parent during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. We had no capital contributions from parent, nor any capital distributions to parent, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS     MCC manages us pursuant to
management agreements with our operating subsidiaries. Under such agreements, MCC has full and exclusive authority to manage our day-to-day operations and conduct our business. We remain responsible for all expenses and liabilities relating to the
construction, development, operation, maintenance, repair and ownership of our systems.    As compensation for the performance of its services, subject to
certain restrictions, MCC is entitled to receive management fees in an amount not to exceed 4.0% of the annual gross operating revenues of our operating subsidiaries, and is also entitled to the reimbursement of all expenses necessarily incurred in
its capacity as manager. MCC charged us management fees of $5.4 million and $4.8 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $15.5 million and $14.3 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively.    Mediacom LLC is a preferred equity investor in us. See Note 7.  
  10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
   Legal Proceedings      We are involved
in various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash
flows or business.     11. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   
 In accordance with the FASB s ASC No. 350    Intangibles   Goodwill and Other  ( ASC 350 ), the amortization of goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets is prohibited and requires such assets to be tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We have determined that our goodwill and franchise rights are indefinite-lived assets
and therefore not amortizable.    We last evaluated the factors surrounding our Mediacom Broadband reporting unit as of October 1, 2015 and did not
believe that it was  more likely than not  that a goodwill impairment existed at that time. As such, we did not perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. We last evaluated our other intangible assets as of October 1, 2015 and did not
believe that it was  more likely than not  that an impairment existed at that time.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  Because we believe there has not been a meaningful change in the long-term fundamentals of our business during
the first nine months of 2016, we determined that there has been no triggering event under ASC 350 and, as such, no interim impairment test was required for our goodwill and other intangible assets as of September 30, 2016.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements as of, and for the
three and nine months ended, September 30, 2016 and 2015, and with our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Overview
    We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediacom Communications Corporation ( MCC ), the nation s fifth largest cable company based on the
number of customers who purchase one or more video services, also known as video customers. As of September 30, 2016, we served approximately 466,000 video customers, 636,000 high-speed data ( HSD ) customers and 257,000 phone
customers, aggregating 1.36 million primary service units ( PSUs ). As of the same date, we served 744,000 unique residential and business customer relationships.  
 We offer video, HSD and phone services to residential and small- to medium-sized business ( SMB ) customers over our hybrid fiber and coaxial cable
network. We believe our customers prefer the cost savings of the bundled services we offer and the convenience of having a single provider contact for ordering, provisioning, billing and customer care. We also provide network and transport services
to medium- and large-sized businesses, governments, and educational institutions, including cell tower backhaul for wireless telephone providers, and sell advertising time to local, regional and national advertisers.  
 Over the past several years, losses in our residential video customer base have been primarily responsible for slower growth in our residential revenues,
while we have rapidly increased our business services revenues through customer growth. We expect to continue to grow revenues through customer additions in business services and residential services. Business services revenues are expected to grow
through HSD and phone sales to SMBs and a greater number of cell tower backhaul sites and large enterprise customers. Revenues from residential services are expected to grow, largely as a result of HSD customer growth and gains in revenue per
customer relationship as more customers take faster HSD tiers and advanced video services, including our next-generation set-top and digital video recorder ( DVR ).  
 Our recent performance has been adversely affected by tepid economic growth in the post-recession period and significant video competition. We believe the
historically muted economic recovery from the recession, including uneven gains in disposable income and household formation, has largely contributed to lower sales and connect activity for all of our residential services and negatively impacted our
residential customer and revenue growth. While we expect improvement if and when the economy strengthens further, a continuation or broadening of such effects may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.  
 Our residential video service principally competes with direct broadcast satellite ( DBS ) providers that offer video programming substantially
similar to ours. Over the past several years, we have experienced meaningful video customer losses, as DBS competitors have deployed aggressive marketing campaigns, including deeply discounted promotional packages, more advanced customer premise
equipment and exclusive sports programming. We have placed a greater emphasis on higher quality customer relationships in our residential services, as we have generally eliminated or reduced tactical discounts for customers not likely to purchase
two or more services or to stay with us for an extended period, which may further contribute to video customer declines. Our next-generation, multi-room set-top gives customers the same stored content on multiple televisions in their home and a
cloud-based, graphically-rich TiVo guide, with Netflix, YouTube, Pandora and other popular apps, advanced search functionality, in-home video streaming to personal devices and the ability to download certain content to their mobile devices for
viewing outside of their home. We believe our video strategy has enabled us to reduce the rate of video customer losses and regain market share of new video connects. If we are unsuccessful with this strategy and cannot offset video customer losses
through higher average unit pricing and greater penetration of our advanced video services, we may experience future declines in annual video revenues.  
 Our residential HSD service competes primarily with digital subscriber line ( DSL ) services offered by local telephone companies. Based upon the
speeds we offer we believe our HSD service is generally superior to DSL offerings in our service areas. As consumers  bandwidth requirements have dramatically increased in the past few years, a trend many industry experts expect to continue, we
believe our ability to currently offer downstream speeds of up to 150Mbps across substantially all of our markets gives us a competitive advantage compared to the DSL service offered by the local telephone companies. We expect to continue to grow
HSD revenues through residential unit growth and more customers taking faster speed tiers.    Our residential phone service mainly competes with
substantially comparable phone services offered by local telephone companies and cellular phone services offered by national wireless providers. We believe we will continue to grow residential phone customers, but may experience modest declines in
phone revenues due to unit pricing pressure.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  Our business services largely compete with local phone companies, or local exchange carriers ( LECs ).
Our fast-growing cell tower backhaul business primarily competes with LECs. Developments and advancements in products and services by new, emerging companies may intensify competition. We have experienced strong growth rates of business services
revenues in the past several years, which we believe will continue.    We compete for advertising revenues principally against local broadcast stations,
national cable and broadcast networks, radio, newspapers, magazines, outdoor display and Internet companies. Competition will likely elevate as new formats for advertising are introduced into our markets. Due to the strong contributions of political
advertising during a national election year, we expect to experience an increase in advertising revenues in 2016.    Historically, video programming has
been our single largest expense, and we have experienced substantial increases in programming costs per video customer, particularly for sports and local broadcast programming, well in excess of the inflation rate or the change in the consumer price
index. We believe these expenses will continue to grow at a high single- to low double-digit rate because of the demands of large media conglomerates or other owners of most of the popular cable networks and major market local broadcast stations,
and of large independent television broadcast groups, who own or control a significant number of local broadcast stations across the country and, in some cases, own, control or otherwise represent multiple stations in the same market. Moreover, many
of those powerful owners of programming require us to purchase their networks and stations in bundles and effectively dictate how we offer them to our customers, given the contractual economic penalties if we fail to comply. Consequently, we have
little or no ability to individually or selectively negotiate for networks or stations, to forego purchasing networks or stations that generate low customer interest, to offer sports programming services, such as ESPN and regional sports networks,
on one or more separate tiers, or to offer networks or stations on an a la carte basis to give our customers more choice and potentially lower their costs. In many instances, such programmers have created additional networks and migrated popular
programming, particularly sports programming, to these new networks, which has contributed to the increases in our programming costs. Additionally, we believe certain programmers may also demand higher fees from us in an effort to partially offset
declines in their advertising revenue as more advertisers allocate a greater portion of their spending to Internet advertising. While such growth in programming expenses can be offset, in whole or in part, by rate increases, we expect our video
gross margins will continue to decline if increases in programming costs outpace any growth in video revenues.     2016 Financing Activity   
 On May 19, 2016, we repaid the entire $245.6 million balance of Term Loan I under our bank credit facility, which was scheduled to mature on June 30, 2017.
Such repayment was funded by borrowings under our revolving credit commitments and $75.0 million of capital contributions from our parent, MCC. See  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Capital Structure    2016 Financing
Activity   and Note 6 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.     Revenues   
   Video      Video revenues primarily
represent monthly subscription fees charged to residential customers, which vary according to the level of service, the type and amount of equipment taken, and revenue from the sale of VOD content and pay-per-view events. Video revenues also include
installation, reconnection and wire maintenance fees, franchise and late payment fees, and other ancillary revenues.      HSD
     HSD revenues primarily represent monthly subscription fees charged to residential customers, which vary according to the level of service and type
of equipment taken.      Phone    
 Phone revenues primarily represent monthly subscription and equipment fees charged to residential customers for our phone service.  
   Business Services      Business
services revenues primarily represent monthly fees charged to SMBs for video, HSD and phone services, which vary according to the level of service taken, and fees charged to large businesses, including revenues from cell tower backhaul and
enterprise class services.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

    Advertising    
 Advertising revenues primarily represent revenues received from selling advertising time we receive under programming license agreements to local, regional and
national advertisers for the placement of commercials on channels offered on our video services.     Costs and Expenses   
   Service Costs      Service costs
consist of the costs related to providing and maintaining services to our customers. Significant service costs comprise: video programming; HSD service, including bandwidth connectivity; phone service, including leased circuits and long distance;
our enterprise networks business, including leased access; technical personnel who maintain the cable network, perform customer installation activities and provide customer support; network operations center; utilities, including pole rental; and
field operations, including outside contractors, vehicle fuel and maintenance and leased fiber for regional connectivity.    Video programming costs, which
are generally paid on a per-video customer basis, have historically represented our single largest expense. In recent years, we have experienced substantial increases in the per-unit cost of programming, which we believe will continue to grow due to
the increasing contractual rates and retransmission consent fees demanded by large programmers and independent broadcasters. Our HSD costs fluctuate depending on customers  bandwidth consumption and customer growth. Phone service costs are
mainly determined by network configuration, customers  long distance usage and net termination payments to other carriers. Our other service costs generally rise as a result of customer growth and inflationary cost increases for personnel,
outside vendors and other expenses. Personnel and related support costs may increase as the percentage of expenses that we capitalize declines due to lower levels of new service installations. We anticipate that service costs, with the exception of
programming expenses, will remain fairly consistent as a percentage of our revenues.      Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
     Significant selling, general and administrative expenses comprise: call center, customer service, marketing, business services, support and
administrative personnel; franchise fees and other taxes; bad debt; billing; marketing; advertising; and general office administration. These expenses generally rise due to customer growth and inflationary cost increases for personnel, outside
vendors and other expenses. We anticipate that selling, general and administrative expenses will remain fairly consistent as a percentage of our revenues.  
 Service costs and selling, general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation and amortization, which we present separately.  
   Management Fee Expense      Management
fee expense reflects compensation paid to MCC for the performance of services it provides our operating subsidiaries in accordance with management agreements between MCC and our operating subsidiaries.  
   Capital Expenditures      Capital
expenditures are categorized in accordance with the National Cable and Telecommunications Association ( NCTA ) disclosure guidelines, which are intended to provide more consistency in the reporting of capital expenditures among peer
companies in the cable industry. These disclosure guidelines are not required under GAAP, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under GAAP. Our capital expenditures comprise:  

Customer premise equipment, which include equipment and labor costs incurred in the purchase and installation of equipment that resides at a residential or commercial customer s premise;    

Enterprise networks, which include costs associated with furnishing custom fiber solutions for medium- to large-sized business customers, including for cell tower backhaul;    

Scalable infrastructure, which include costs incurred in the purchase and installation of equipment at our facilities associated with network-wide distribution of services;    

Line extensions, which include costs associated with the extension of our network into new service areas;        

Upgrade / rebuild, which include costs to modify or replace existing components of our network; and        

Support capital, which include vehicles and all other capital purchases required to support our customers and general business operations.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
  OIBDA  is not a financial measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States. We
define OIBDA as operating income before depreciation and amortization. OIBDA has inherent limitations as discussed below.    OIBDA is one of the primary
measures used by management to evaluate our performance and to forecast future results. We believe OIBDA is useful for investors because it enables them to assess our performance in a manner similar to the methods used by management, and provides a
measure that can be used to analyze our value and evaluate our performance compared to other companies in the cable industry. A limitation of OIBDA, however, is that it excludes depreciation and amortization, which represents the periodic costs of
certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues in our business. Management uses a separate process to budget, measure and evaluate capital expenditures. In addition, OIBDA may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures used by other companies, which may have different depreciation and amortization policies.    OIBDA should not be regarded as an alternative to
operating income or net income as an indicator of operating performance, or to the statement of cash flows as a measure of liquidity, nor should it be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with
GAAP. We believe that operating income is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to OIBDA.     Actual Results of Operations   
   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
 The table below sets forth our consolidated statements of operations and OIBDA (dollars in thousands and percentage changes that are not meaningful are marked
NM):      
   The table below represents a reconciliation of OIBDA to operating income (dollars in thousands):  

17  

Table of Contents  

    Revenues    
 The tables below set forth our revenues and selected customer and average total monthly revenue statistics (dollars in thousands, except per unit data):  

(1) 
 Represents average total monthly revenues for the period divided by average customer relationships for the period.    
 Revenues increased 5.4% and 5.3% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, primarily due to greater HSD and, to a lesser
extent, business services and advertising revenues.     Video   
 Video revenues increased 0.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, mainly due to rate adjustments associated with the pass-through of higher
programming costs for retransmission consent fees and regional sport networks, and more customers taking our advanced video services, mostly offset by a lower residential video customer base compared to the prior year period. Video revenues
decreased 0.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, principally due to a lower residential video customer base compared to the prior year period, mostly offset by rate adjustments associated with the pass-through of higher programming costs
for retransmission consent fees and regional sport networks, and more customers taking our advanced video services. We lost 6,000 and 14,000 video customers during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
decreases of 12,000 and 18,000 video customers in the comparable prior year periods. As of September 30, 2016, we served 466,000 video customers, or 31.0% of estimated homes passed, and 36.5% of our video customers took our DVR service, which
represents a large component of revenues from advanced video services.     HSD   
 HSD revenues rose 12.1% and 12.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, largely due to more customers paying higher rates for
faster speed tiers and a greater residential HSD customer base compared to the prior year periods. We gained 8,000 and 31,000 HSD customers during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to increases of 8,000 and
29,000 HSD customers in the comparable prior year periods. As of September 30, 2016, we served 636,000 HSD customers, or 42.3% of estimated homes passed, and 40.0% of our HSD customers took our wireless home gateway service.  
  Phone     Phone revenues declined 2.0% and
3.5% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, primarily due to greater levels of discounted pricing, offset in part by a greater residential phone customer base compared to the prior year periods. We
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

gained 7,000 and 18,000 phone customers during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to increases of 5,000 and 15,000 phone customers in the comparable prior
year periods. As of September 30, 2016, we served 257,000 phone customers, or 17.1% of estimated homes passed.     Business Services
    Business services revenues grew 9.7% and 10.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, principally due to a greater
small- to medium-sized business customer base compared to the prior year periods.     Advertising   
 Advertising revenues rose 11.4% and 14.6% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, mainly due to higher levels of political advertising.  
   Costs and Expenses    
  Service Costs     Service costs increased
4.9% and 4.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, principally due to higher video programming costs. Programming costs were 5.7% and 4.2% higher for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, mainly due to higher fees associated with the renewal of programming contracts and contractual increases under agreements with certain local broadcast stations and cable networks, offset in part by a lower video customer base compared
to the prior year periods. Service costs as a percentage of revenues were 41.0% and 41.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 41.0% and 41.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses grew 6.0% and 6.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, mainly as a
result of greater marketing, employee and bad debt expenses and, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, advertising expenses. Marketing costs rose 10.3% and 11.3% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
principally due to expenses related to a rebranding campaign and, to a lesser extent, the marketing of our business services. Employee costs increased 3.7% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, mainly
due to increased staff and compensation levels. Bad debt expenses grew 15.0% and 9.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, largely due to the aging of business customer accounts. Advertising expenses rose 21.7%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, predominantly due to new promotional activity for our advertising sales group. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 19.6% and 19.5% for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 18.9% and 18.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Management Fee Expense     Management fee
expense grew 12.6% and 8.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, reflecting higher fees charged by MCC. Management fee expense as a percentage of revenues was 2.1% and 1.9% for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and 2.0% and 1.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Depreciation and
Amortization     Depreciation and amortization was 3.5% higher and essentially flat for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
as depreciation of investments in customer premise equipment, HSD bandwidth expansion and business support were offset in part by long-lived network assets having been fully depreciated in the prior year periods.  
   Operating Income      Operating income
rose 6.5% and 8.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, mainly due to the increase in revenues, offset in part by higher service costs and general and administrative expenses.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

    Interest Expense, Net    
 Interest expense, net, fell 18.6% and 16.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, due to lower average outstanding indebtedness
and a lower average cost of indebtedness.     Gain (Loss) on Derivatives, Net    
 As a result of the changes in the mark-to-market valuations on our interest rate exchange agreements, we recorded a net gain on derivatives of
$4.4 million and a net loss on derivatives of $4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and a net loss on derivatives of $4.3 million and a net gain on derivatives of $1.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Notes 3 and 6 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      Loss on Early
Extinguishment of Debt      Loss on early extinguishment of debt totaled $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which represented
the write-off of unamortized financing costs as a result of the repayment of Term Loan I. There was no loss on early extinguishment of debt for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Other Expense, Net      Other expense,
net, was $0.4 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing $0.3 million of revolving credit commitment fees and $0.1 million of other fees.  
 Other expense, net, was $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, representing $1.2 million of revolving credit commitment fees and $0.1
million of other fees, and $0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing $0.8 million of revolving credit commitment fees and $0.1 million of other fees.  
   Net Income      As a result of the
factors described above, we recognized net income of $44.1 million and $26.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $118.4 million and $98.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.      OIBDA      OIBDA
grew 5.3% and 5.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as the increase in revenues was partly offset by increases in service costs and selling, general and administrative expenses.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Our net cash flows
provided by operating activities are primarily used to fund investments to enhance the capacity and reliability of our network and further expand our products and services, and make scheduled and voluntary repayments of our indebtedness and periodic
distributions to MCC. As of September 30, 2016, our near-term liquidity requirements included term loan principal repayments of $16.6 million over the next twelve months. As of the same date, our sources of liquidity included $10.0 million of cash
and $223.4 million of unused and available commitments under our $368.5 million revolving credit facility, after giving effect to approximately $135.4 million of outstanding loans and $9.7 million of letters of credit issued to various parties as
collateral.    We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges,
through existing cash, internally generated cash flows from operating activities, cash available to us under our revolving credit commitments and our ability to obtain future financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient future financing on
acceptable terms, or at all, we may need to take other actions to conserve or raise capital that we would not take otherwise. However, we have accessed the debt markets for significant amounts of capital in the past, and expect to access these
markets in the future, as necessary.      Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities    
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $250.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to OIBDA of $293.1 million and,
to a much lesser extent, the $13.6 million net change in our operating assets and liabilities, offset in part by interest expense of $59.8 million. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to increases in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities of $10.4 million, and in deferred revenue of $1.7 million, and in accounts payable to affiliates of $1.1 million and a decrease in accounts receivable, net, of $2.4 million, offset in part by an
increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of $2.0 million.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $221.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
primarily due to OIBDA of $278.1 million and, to a much lesser extent, the $10.8 million net change in our operating assets and liabilities, offset in part by interest expense of $71.4 million. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities
was primarily due to increases in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $13.1 million, in accounts payable to affiliates of $11.4 million, and in deferred revenue of $1.2 million, offset in part by increases in accounts
receivable, net, of $10.6 million and in prepaid expenses and other assets of $4.3 million.      Net Cash Flows Used in Investing
Activities      Capital expenditures continue to be our primary use of capital resources and generally comprise substantially all of our net cash flows
used in investing activities.    Net cash flows used in investing activities were $131.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, substantially
comprising $131.5 million of capital expenditures.    Net cash flows used in investing activities were $112.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, substantially comprising $111.4 million of capital expenditures and $1.6 million of acquisitions of other intangible assets.  
  Capital Expenditures     The table below
sets forth our capital expenditures (dollars in thousands):      
   The increase in capital expenditures largely reflects greater investments in next-generation HSD network equipment, the
expansion of our network, largely for new commercial passings, and, to a lesser extent, greater deployment of wireless home gateways, offset in part by lower spending on advanced video set-tops.  
   Net Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities    
 Net cash flows used in financing activities were $118.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, substantially comprising approximately
$174.8 million of net repayments under our bank credit facility, $13.5 million of dividend payments on preferred members  interest and $6.2 million of capital distributions to our parent, MCC, offset in part by $75.0 million of capital
contributions from our parent, MCC.    Net cash flows used in financing activities were $109.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
substantially comprising $95.5 million of net repayments under our bank credit facility and $13.5 million of dividend payments on preferred members  interest.  
  Capital Structure     As of September 30, 2016, our total
indebtedness was $1.655 billion, of which approximately 66% was at fixed interest rates or had interest rate swaps that fixed the corresponding variable portion of debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid cash interest of
$53.9 million, net of capitalized interest.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

    2016 Financing Activity    
 On May 19, 2016, we repaid the entire $245.6 million principal amount outstanding of the previously existing Term Loan I under our bank credit facility, funded
by borrowings of $170.6 million under our revolving credit commitments and $75.0 million of capital contributions by our parent, MCC.    See Note 6 in our
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      Bank Credit Facility    
 As of September 30, 2016, we maintained a $1.388 billion bank credit facility (the  credit facility ), comprising $1.020 billion of term
loans with maturities ranging from January 2021 to June 2021 and $368.5 million of revolving credit commitments, which are scheduled to expire in October 2019.  
 The credit facility is collateralized by our ownership interests in our operating subsidiaries, and is guaranteed by us on a limited recourse basis to the
extent of such ownership interests. The credit agreement governing the credit facility (the  credit agreement ) requires our operating subsidiaries to maintain a total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 5.0
to 1.0 and an interest coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than 2.0 to 1.0. For all periods through September 30, 2016, our operating subsidiaries were in compliance with all covenants under the credit agreement including,
as of the same date, a total leverage ratio of 2.9 to 1.0 and an interest coverage ratio of 3.8 to 1.0. We do not believe that our operating subsidiaries will have any difficulty complying with any of the covenants under the credit agreement in the
near future.     Interest Rate Swaps     We
have entered into several interest rate exchange agreements (which we refer to as  interest rate swaps ) with various banks to fix the variable rate on a portion of our borrowings under the credit facility to reduce the potential
volatility in our interest expense that may result from changes in market interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, we had interest rate swaps that fixed the variable portion of $600 million of borrowings at a rate of 1.5%, all of which are
scheduled to expire during December 2018.    As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the credit
facility, including the effect of our interest rate swaps, was 3.6%.      Senior Notes    
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $500 million of outstanding senior notes, comprising $200 million of
5  1   2 % senior notes due April 2021 and $300 million of 6  3   8 %
senior notes due April 2023.    Our senior notes are unsecured obligations, and the indentures governing our senior notes (the  indentures ) limit
the incurrence of additional indebtedness based upon a maximum debt to operating cash flow ratio (as defined in the indentures) of 8.5 to 1.0. For all periods through September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants under the indentures
including, as of the same date, a debt to operating cash flow ratio of 4.3 to 1.0. We do not believe that we will have any difficulty complying with any of the covenants under the indentures in the near future.  
   Debt Ratings      MCC s corporate
credit ratings are Ba3 by Moody s and BB by Standard and Poor s ( S P ), and our senior unsecured ratings are B2 by Moody s and B+ by S P, all with a stable outlook.  
 There can be no assurance that Moody s or S P will maintain their ratings on MCC and us. A negative change to these credit ratings could result in
higher interest rates on future debt issuance than we currently experience, or adversely impact our ability to raise additional funds. There are no covenants, events of default, borrowing conditions or other terms in the credit agreement or
indentures that are based on changes in our credit rating assigned by any rating agency.     Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments   
 Other than scheduled debt maturities and interest expense, which were updated in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended June 30,
2016, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as previously disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Periodically, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to doubtful accounts, long-lived assets, capitalized costs and accruals. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the application of the critical accounting policies requires
significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. For a summary of our critical accounting policies, refer to our annual report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets     In accordance with
the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) ASC 350  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other  ( ASC 350 ), the amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is
prohibited and requires such assets to be tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We have determined that our franchise rights and goodwill are indefinite-lived assets and therefore not amortizable.  
 Because we believe there has not been a meaningful change in the long-term fundamentals of our business during the first nine months of 2016, we determined
that there has been no triggering event under ASC 350 and, as such, no interim impairment test was required as of September 30, 2016.     Inflation
and Changing Prices     Our costs and expenses are subject to inflation and price fluctuations. Such changes in costs and expenses can generally be passed
through to customers. Programming costs have historically increased at rates in excess of inflation and are expected to continue to do so. We believe that under the Federal Communications Commission s existing cable rate regulations we may
increase rates for cable television services to more than cover any increases in programming. However, competitive conditions and other factors in the marketplace may limit our ability to increase our rates.  
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 There have been no significant changes to the information required under this Item from what was disclosed in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
  Mediacom Broadband LLC     Under the supervision and with the
participation of the management of Mediacom Broadband LLC, including Mediacom Broadband LLC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mediacom Broadband LLC evaluated the effectiveness of Mediacom Broadband LLC s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, Mediacom Broadband LLC s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that Mediacom Broadband LLC s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  
 There has not been any change in Mediacom Broadband LLC s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Mediacom Broadband LLC s internal control over financial reporting.  
  Mediacom Broadband Corporation     Under the supervision and
with the participation of the management of Mediacom Broadband Corporation ( Mediacom Broadband ), including Mediacom Broadband s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mediacom Broadband evaluated the effectiveness of
Mediacom Broadband s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, Mediacom
Broadband s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Mediacom Broadband s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  There has not been any change in Mediacom Broadband s internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and  15d-15(f)  under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Mediacom
Broadband s internal control over financial reporting.        PART II    
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 See Note 10 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Exhibit Description    

31.1 
    
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certifications of Mediacom Broadband LLC  

31.2 
    
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certifications of Mediacom Broadband Corporation  

32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certifications of Mediacom Broadband LLC  

32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certifications of Mediacom Broadband Corporation  

101 
    
 The following is financial information from Mediacom Broadband LLC s and Mediacom Broadband Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.      

MEDIACOM BROADBAND LLC   

November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Mark E. Stephan   

Mark E. Stephan   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.      

MEDIACOM BROADBAND CORPORATION   

November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Mark E. Stephan   

Mark E. Stephan   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Exhibit Description    

31.1 
    
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certifications of Mediacom Broadband LLC  

31.2 
    
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certifications of Mediacom Broadband Corporation  

32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certifications of Mediacom Broadband LLC  

32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certifications of Mediacom Broadband Corporation  

101 
    
 The following is financial information from Mediacom Broadband LLC s and Mediacom Broadband Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
      28  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d257093dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Rocco B. Commisso,
certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Mediacom Broadband LLC;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and l5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 4, 2016 

By:  
   
 / S / R OCCO  B. C OMMISSO   

Rocco B. Commisso   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Mark E. Stephan, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Mediacom Broadband LLC;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and l5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 4, 2016 

By:  
   
 / S / M ARK  E. S TEPHAN   

Mark E. Stephan   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d257093dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Rocco B. Commisso,
certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Mediacom Broadband Corporation;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and l5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / R OCCO  B. C OMMISSO   

Rocco B. Commisso   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Mark E. Stephan, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Mediacom Broadband Corporation;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and l5d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / M ARK  E. S TEPHAN   

Mark E. Stephan   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d257093dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mediacom Broadband LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Rocco B. Commisso, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mark E. Stephan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 4, 2016 
   
 By: 
   
   / S / R OCCO  B. C OMMISSO    

Rocco B. Commisso   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

By: 
   
 / S / M ARK  E. S TEPHAN   

Mark E. Stephan   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d257093dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mediacom Broadband Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Rocco B. Commisso, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mark E. Stephan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 4, 2016 

By:  
   
   / S / R OCCO  B.
C OMMISSO    

Rocco B. Commisso    

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
   
   / S / M ARK  E.
S TEPHAN    

Mark E. Stephan    

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mcccb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mcccb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mcccb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mcccb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mcccb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mcccb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

