<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_831001_0000831001-16-000334_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>69604418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>396170</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>3206557</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>27936736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>30732233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5954980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>288</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000831001-16-000334.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031082730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000831001-16-000334
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIGROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000831001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				521568099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09924
		FILM NUMBER:		161960103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125591000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELERS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRIMERICA CORP /NEW/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000831001-16-000334.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 c-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  FORM   10-Q    
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Commission file number 1-9924 
  Citigroup Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x      No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                           Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o      No   x 
  Number of shares of Citigroup Inc. common stock outstanding on September 30, 2016: 2,849,730,248 
    
  Available on the web at www.citigroup.com 

CITIGROUP S THIRD QUARTER   2016   FORM   10-Q    
                   OVERVIEW 
    2 
      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND  
    ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    4 
      Executive Summary 
    4 
      Summary of Selected Financial Data 
    7 
      SEGMENT AND BUSINESS INCOME (LOSS)  
    AND REVENUES 
    9 
      SEGMENT BALANCE SHEET 
    11 
      CITICORP 
    12 
      Global Consumer Banking (GCB) 
    13 
      North America GCB 
    15 
      Latin America GCB 
    17 
      Asia GCB 
    19 
      Institutional Clients Group 
    21 
      Corporate/Other 
    25 
      CITI HOLDINGS 
    26 
      OFF-BALANCE SHEET  
    ARRANGEMENTS 
    28 
      CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    29 
      Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
    47 
      MANAGING GLOBAL RISK 
    48 
      INCOME TAXES 
    89 
      DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND  
    PROCEDURES 
    90 
      DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 219 OF THE IRAN THREAT REDUCTION AND SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACT 
    90 
      FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    91 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES  
    TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    94 
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    95 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  
    STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
    103 
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, DIVIDENDS 
    209 

1 

OVERVIEW 
      
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with Citigroup s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, including the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup reflecting certain realignments and reclassifications set forth in Citigroup s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2016 (2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K), and Citigroup s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 (First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q) and June 30, 2016 (Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q).   Additional information about Citigroup is available on Citi s website at   www.citigroup.com  . Citigroup s recent annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, as well as other filings with the SEC, are available free of charge through Citi s website by clicking on the  Investors  page and selecting  All SEC Filings.  The SEC s website also contains current reports, information statements, and other information regarding Citi at   www.sec.gov  . 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods  financial statements and disclosures to conform to the current period s presentation.  For additional information on certain recent reclassifications, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  Throughout this report,  Citigroup,   Citi  and  the Company  refer to Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

2 

Citigroup is managed pursuant to the following segments:  
  The following are the four regions in which Citigroup operates. The regional results are fully reflected in the segment results above. 
  
           (1) 
    Asia GCB   includes the results of operations of   GCB   activities in certain   EMEA   countries   for all periods presented. 
              (2) 
    North Americ  a includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico,   Latin America   includes Mexico and   Asia   includes Japan.  
     
   3 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY    
    
  Third Quarter of 2016 Solid Performance Across the Franchise 
  As described further throughout this Executive Summary, Citi reported solid operating results in the third quarter of 2016, reflecting underlying momentum across the franchise, notably in several businesses where Citi has been making investments.   
  In   North America Global Consumer Banking (GCB),   Citi s ongoing investments in Citi-branded cards generated revenue growth, primarily reflecting the first full quarter of revenues from the acquisition of the Costco portfolio but also modest growth in average loans and purchase sales in the remainder of the portfolio.  International   GCB   generated positive operating leverage driven by year-over-year growth in Mexico and   Asia   (excluding the impact of foreign currency translation into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes (FX translation) and the impact of a previously disclosed $160 million gain (excluding FX translation, $180 million as reported) related to the sale of Citi s merchant acquiring business in Mexico in the third quarter of 2015).  In   Institutional Clients Group (ICG)  , Citi continued to support its clients around the world, generating year-over-year revenue growth in treasury and trade solutions, despite the continued low-interest rate environment, investment banking and fixed income markets, particularly in rates and currencies and spread products. 
  In Citicorp, loans increased 6% and deposits increased 5%.  Excluding FX translation, Citicorp loans increased 7% and deposits increased 5%.  (Citi s results of operations excluding the impact of FX translation are non-GAAP financial measures.)  Citi Holdings  impact on Citi s results of operations and financial condition decreased further with Citi Holdings constituting less than 2% of Citigroup s net income in the current quarter and 3% of Citigroup s GAAP assets as of the end of the third quarter of 2016.  While Citi s deferred tax assets (DTAs) were unchanged during the current quarter (for additional information, see  Income Taxes  below), year-to-date, Citi has utilized approximately $2.4 billion of its DTAs which contributed to a net increase of $3.2 billion of regulatory capital as fewer DTAs were deducted from regulatory capital.   
  In the third quarter of 2016, Citi began implementing its $10.4 billion capital plan (see  Executive Summary  in Citi s Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q) and returned $3.0 billion of capital to common shareholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of 56 million common shares.  Outstanding common shares declined 2% from the prior-quarter and 4% from the prior-year period. Despite the increased return of capital to its shareholders, each of Citigroup s key regulatory capital metrics remained strong as of the end of the third quarter of 2016 (see  Capital  below). 
  During the remainder of 2016, Citi expects that many of the uncertainties that have impacted the operating environment and macroeconomic conditions year-to-date will continue, including significant uncertainties arising from the vote in  

favor of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union as well as the outlook for future rate increases in the U.S.  For a more detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see each respective business  results of operations and  Forward-Looking Statements  below as well as the  Risk Factors  section in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Third Quarter of 2016 Summary Results 
    
  Citigroup 
  Citigroup reported net income of $3.8 billion, or $1.24 per share, compared to $4.3 billion, or $1.35 per share, in the prior-year period.  Results in the third quarter of 2015 included $196 million ($127 million after-tax) of CVA/DVA. 
  Excluding the impact of CVA/DVA in the prior-year period, Citigroup reported net income of $3.8 billion in the third quarter of 2016, or $1.24 per share, compared to $4.2 billion, or $1.31 per share, in the prior-year period.  (Citi s results of operations excluding the impact of CVA/DVA are non-GAAP financial measures.)  The 8% decrease from the prior-year period was primarily driven by lower revenues, partially offset by lower cost of credit and lower expenses. 
  Citi s revenues were $17.8 billion in the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of 5% from the prior-year period driven by a 1% decline in Citicorp and a 48% decline in Citi Holdings.  Excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015, revenues were down 4% from the prior-year period, as a 49% decrease in Citi Holdings revenues was partially offset by a 1% increase in Citicorp revenues.  Excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015 and the impact of FX translation (which increased the reported decline in revenues versus the prior-year period by approximately $223 million), Citigroup revenues decreased 3% from the prior-year period, driven by a 49% decrease in Citi Holdings, partially offset by a 2% increase in Citicorp revenues versus the prior-year period. 
    
  Expenses 
  Citigroup expenses decreased 2% versus the prior-year period as lower expenses in Citi Holdings and a benefit from the impact of FX translation were partially offset by volume growth and ongoing investments in Citicorp (including those referenced above).  FX translation increased the reported decline in expenses versus the prior-year period by approximately $194 million. 
  Citicorp expenses increased 3% reflecting volume growth as well as the ongoing investments in the franchise, partially offset by efficiency savings and the benefit from the impact of FX translation. 
  Citi Holdings  expenses were $826 million, down 40% from the prior-year period, primarily driven by the ongoing decline in Citi Holdings assets. 
    
  Credit Costs 
  Citi s total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims of $1.7 billion decreased 5% from the prior-year  

4 

period.  The decrease was driven by a lower provision for benefits and claims due to lower insurance-related assets within Citi Holdings and a decrease in net credit losses, partially offset by a net loan loss reserve build, largely driven by   North America   cards within Citicorp, compared to a net loan loss reserve release in the prior-year period. 
  Net credit losses of $1.5 billion declined 8% versus the prior-year period.  Consumer net credit losses declined 8% to $1.5 billion, mostly reflecting continued improvement in the   North America   mortgage portfolio and ongoing divestiture activity within Citi Holdings, partially offset by higher net credit losses in   North America   cards in Citicorp due to volume growth.  Corporate net credit losses decreased 20% to $40 million and were largely offset by the release of previously established loan loss reserves (for additional information, see    Institutional Clients Group    and  Credit Risk Corporate Credit  below). 
  The net build of allowance for loan losses and unfunded lending commitments was $176 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to a $16 million release in the prior-year period.  Citicorp s net reserve build was $298 million, compared to a net reserve build of $174 million in the prior-year period.  The larger net reserve build in the third quarter of 2016 was primarily related to the   North America   cards franchise, driven by the impact of the Costco portfolio acquisition, volume growth and the estimated impact of newly proposed regulatory guidelines on third party debt collections (see    Global Consumer Banking     North America GCB    below), partially offset by a net reserve release in   ICG  .  The net reserve release in   ICG   largely reflected ratings upgrades, reductions in certain exposures and improved valuations.  Citi s credit quality largely remained favorable across the franchise during the current quarter.  
  Citi Holdings  net reserve release decreased $68 million from the prior-year period to $122 million, primarily reflecting the impact of asset sales. 
  For additional information on Citi s consumer (including commercial) and corporate credit costs and allowance for loan losses, see  Credit Risk  below. 
    
  Capital 
  Citigroup s Tier 1 Capital and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratios, on a fully implemented basis, were 14.2% and 12.6% as of September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 12.9% and 11.7% as of September 30, 2015 (all based on the Basel III Advanced Approaches for determining risk-weighted assets).  Citigroup s Supplementary Leverage ratio as of September 30, 2016, on a fully implemented basis, was 7.4%, compared to 6.9% as of September 30, 2015.  For additional information on Citi s capital ratios and related components, including the impact of Citi s DTAs on its capital ratios, see  Capital Resources  below. 
    
  Citicorp 
  Citicorp net income decreased 12% from the prior-year period to $3.8 billion.  CVA/DVA, recorded in   ICG  ,     was $221 million ($143 million after-tax) in third quarter of 2015 (for a summary of CVA/DVA by business within   ICG  , see    Institutional Clients Group    below).  Excluding CVA/DVA in  

the third quarter of 2015, Citicorp s net income decreased 9% from the prior-year period, primarily driven by the higher expenses and higher cost of credit, partially offset by higher revenues. 
  Citicorp revenues decreased 1% from the prior-year period to $16.9 billion, driven by lower revenues in   Corporate/Other,   partially offset by a 1% increase in   GCB   revenues.  Excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015, Citicorp revenues increased 1% from the prior-year period, driven by a 1% increase in   GCB   revenues and a 2% increase in   ICG   revenues.  As referenced above, excluding CVA/DVA in the prior-year period and the impact of FX translation, Citicorp s     revenues increased 2% versus the prior-year period, as growth in the   GCB   and   ICG   franchises was partially offset by lower revenues in   Corporate/Other  . 
  GCB   revenues of $8.2 billion increased 1% versus the prior-year period.  Excluding the impact of FX translation,   GCB   revenues increased 3%, driven by an increase in   North America GCB  , partially offset by a decrease in international   GCB revenues  .    North America GCB   revenues increased 7% to $5.2 billion, with higher revenues in each of Citi-branded cards, Citi retail services and retail banking.  Citi-branded cards revenues of $2.2 billion increased 15% versus the prior-year period, reflecting the addition of the Costco portfolio as well as modest revenue growth in the remainder of the portfolio driven by higher volumes.  Citi retail services revenues of $1.6 billion increased 1% versus the prior-year period, as higher average loan growth in the portfolio was largely offset by the impact of previously disclosed renewals and extension of several partnerships as well as the absence of revenues from portfolio exits.  Retail banking revenues increased 2% from the prior-year period to $1.4 billion, on higher average loans and checking deposits. 
  North America GCB   average deposits of $184 billion grew 1% year-over-year and average retail banking loans of $55 billion grew 9%.  Average Citi retail services loans of $44 billion increased 1% versus the prior-year period while retail services purchase sales of $20 billion declined 1% versus the prior-year period.  Average Citi-branded card loans of $79 billion increased 24%, while Citi-branded card purchase sales of $73 billion increased 57% versus the prior-year period, each including the impact of the Costco portfolio acquisition.  For additional information on the results of operations of   North America GCB   for the third quarter of 2016, including the impact of the Costco acquisition to   North America GCB   s loans and purchase sales, see    Global Consumer Banking     North America GCB    below. 
  International   GCB   revenues (consisting of   Latin America GCB   and   Asia GCB   (which includes   GCB   activities in certain   EMEA   countries  )) decreased 7% versus the prior-year period to $3.0 billion driven by a decline in   Latin America GCB   (19%) partially offset by an increase in   Asia GCB   (4%).  Excluding the impact of FX translation, international   GCB   revenues decreased 2% versus the prior-year period.    Latin America GCB   revenues decreased 7% versus the prior-year period  ,   reflecting the absence of a previously disclosed $160 million gain (excluding the impact of FX translation, $180 million as reported) related to the sale of Citi s merchant acquiring business in Mexico in the third quarter of 2015.   

5 

Excluding this gain, revenues would have increased 5% in   Latin America GCB  , driven by growth in retail banking loans and deposits, partially offset by a decline in cards revenues driven by the continued impact of higher payment rates.   
  Asia GCB   revenues increased 3% versus the prior-year period, driven by     growth in wealth management and cards revenues, partially offset by product repositioning away from lower-return mortgage loans in the retail lending portfolio.  For additional information on the results of operations of   Latin America GCB   and   Asia GCB   for the third quarter of 2016, including the impact of FX translation,     see    Global Consumer Banking    below.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, international   GCB   average deposits of $119 billion increased 7%, average retail loans of $87 billion decreased 2%, investment sales of $14 billion increased 2%, average card loans of $23 billion increased 2% and card purchase sales of $23 billion increased 2%. 
  ICG   revenues were $8.6 billion in the third quarter of 2016, unchanged from the prior-year period as a 6% increase in   Markets and securities services   was offset by a 6% decrease in   Banking   revenues (including the impact of a $218 million mark-to-market loss on hedges related to accrual loans within corporate lending, compared to a gain of $352 million in the prior year period).  Excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015 and the impact of mark-to-market gains/(losses) on loan hedges,   ICG   revenues increased 9% driven by an 11% increase in   Markets and securities services   revenues and a 7% increase in   Banking   revenues. 
  Banking   revenues of $4.3 billion (excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015 and the impact of mark-to-market gains/(losses) on loan hedges) increased 7% compared to the prior-year period, primarily driven by growth in treasury and trade solutions and debt underwriting revenues within investment banking.  Investment banking revenues of $1.1 billion increased 15% versus the prior-year period.  Advisory revenues were largely unchanged at $239 million.  Equity underwriting revenues decreased 16% to $146 million, reflecting a decline in wallet share resulting from continued share fragmentation.  Debt underwriting revenues increased 32% to $701 million, largely reflecting strong industry-wide underwriting activity. 
  Private bank revenues increased 5% (4% excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015) to $746 million from the prior-year period, primarily driven by loan growth, improved spreads and higher managed investment revenues.  Corporate lending revenues decreased 70% to $232 million.  Excluding the impact of mark-to-market gains/(losses) on loan hedges, corporate lending revenues increased 4% versus the prior-year period, mostly reflecting higher average loans.  Treasury and trade solutions revenues of $2.0 billion increased 5% from the prior-year period.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, treasury and trade solutions revenues increased 8% reflecting continued growth in transaction volumes. 
  Markets and securities services   revenues of $4.5 billion (excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015) increased 11% from the prior-year period.  Fixed income markets  

revenues of $3.5 billion increased 26% (35% excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015) from the prior-year period, driven by improvement in both rates and currencies and spread products.  Equity markets revenues of $663 million decreased 37% (34% excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015) versus the prior-year period.  The third quarter of 2015 included a previously disclosed positive valuation adjustment of approximately $140 million related to certain financing transactions.  Excluding this adjustment, equity markets revenues decreased 23% driven by lower market activity as well as the comparison to strong performance in   Asia   in the prior-year period.  Securities services revenues of $536 million increased 4% versus the prior-year period.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, securities services revenues increased 6% as increased client activity, higher deposit volumes and improved spreads more than offset the absence of revenues from divested businesses.  For additional information on the results of operations of   ICG   for the third quarter of 2016, see    Institutional Clients Group    below. 
  Corporate/Other   revenues were $28 million, down 87% from the prior-year period, mainly reflecting the absence of the equity contribution related to Citi s stake in China Guangfa Bank, which was divested in the third quarter of 2016.  For additional information on the results of operations of   Corporate/Other   for the third quarter of 2016, see    Corporate/Other    below. 
  Citicorp end-of-period loans increased 6% to $599 billion from the prior-year period, driven by a 7% increase in consumer loans and a 5% increase in corporate loans.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, Citicorp loans grew 7%, with 7% growth in consumer loans and 6% growth in corporate loans. 
    
  Citi Holdings 
  Citi Holdings  net income was $74 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to a net loss of $1 million in the prior-year period.  CVA/DVA     was negative $25 million (negative $16 million after-tax) in the third quarter of 2015.  Excluding the impact of CVA/DVA in the prior-year period, Citi Holdings  net income was $74 million, compared to $15 million in the prior-year period, primarily reflecting lower expenses and lower credit costs, partially offset by lower revenues. 
  Citi Holdings  revenues were $877 million, down 48% from the prior-year period.  Excluding CVA/DVA in the third quarter of 2015, Citi Holdings  revenues decreased 49% from the prior-year period, mainly reflecting continued reductions in Citi Holdings assets.  For additional information on the results of operations of Citi Holdings for the third quarter of 2016, see  Citi Holdings  below. 
  At the end of the current quarter, Citi Holdings  assets were $61 billion, 48% below the prior-year period.  Citi Holdings  risk-weighted assets were $114 billion as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of 30% from the prior-year period, and represented 9% of Citi s risk-weighted assets under Basel III (based on the Advanced Approaches for determining risk-weighted assets). 

6 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA PAGE 1 
  Citigroup Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Statement continues on the next page, including notes to the table. 
  
   7 

SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA PAGE 2 

(1) 
    See Note   2   to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Citi s discontinued operations. 
              (2) 
    The return on average common stockholders  equity is calculated using net income less preferred stock dividends divided by average common stockholders  equity. The return on average total Citigroup stockholders  equity is calculated using net income divided by average Citigroup stockholders  equity. 
              (3) 
    Citi s regulatory capital ratios reflect full implementation of the U.S. Basel III rules. Risk-weighted assets are based on the Basel III Advanced Approaches for determining total risk-weighted assets.  
              (4) 
    Citi s Supplementary Leverage ratio reflects full implementation of the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (5) 
    Dividends declared per common share as a percentage of net income per diluted share. 
              (6) 
    For information on TBV, see  Capital Resources Tangible Common Equity, Tangible Book Value Per Share and Book Value Per Share  below. 

8 

SEGMENT AND BUSINESS INCOME (LOSS) AND REVENUES 
  CITIGROUP INCOME 

(1) 
    Asia GCB   includes the results of operations of   GCB   activities in certain   EMEA   countries   for all periods presented. 
     NM Not meaningful 
  
   9 

CITIGROUP REVENUES   

           (1) 
    Asia GCB   includes the results of operations of   GCB   activities in certain   EMEA   countries   for all periods presented. 

10 

SEGMENT BALANCE SHEET   (1)   

(1) 
    The supplemental information presented in the table above reflects Citigroup s consolidated GAAP balance sheet by reporting segment as of   September 30, 2016  . The respective segment information depicts the assets and liabilities managed by each segment as of such date. 
              (2) 
    Consolidating eliminations for total Citigroup and Citigroup parent company assets and liabilities are recorded within the   Corporate/Other   segment. 
              (3) 
    The total stockholders  equity and the majority of long-term debt of Citigroup reside in the Citigroup parent company Consolidated Balance Sheet. Citigroup allocates stockholders  equity and long-term debt to its businesses through inter-segment allocations as shown above. 
              (4) 
    Represents the attribution of Citigroup s liquidity assets (primarily consisting of cash and available-for-sale securities) to the various businesses based on Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) assumptions. 
              (5) 
    Citicorp equity represents noncontrolling interests.  

11 

CITICORP 
  Citicorp is Citigroup s global bank for consumers and businesses and represents Citi s core franchises. Citicorp is focused on providing best-in-class products and services to customers and leveraging Citigroup s unparalleled global network, including many of the world s emerging economies.  Citicorp is physically present in 97 countries and jurisdictions, many for over 100 years, and offers services in over 160 countries and jurisdictions.  Citi believes this global network provides a strong foundation for servicing the broad financial services needs of its large multinational clients and for meeting the needs of retail, private banking, commercial, public sector and institutional clients around the world. 
  Citicorp consists of the following operating businesses:   Global Consumer Banking   (which consists of consumer banking businesses in   North America, Latin America   (consisting of Citi s consumer banking businesses in Mexico) and   Asia  ) and   Institutional Clients Group   (which includes   Banking   and   Markets and securities services  ). Citicorp also includes   Corporate/Other  .  At September 30, 2016, Citicorp had approximately $1.8 trillion of assets and $934 billion of deposits, representing approximately 97% of Citi s total assets and 99% of Citi s total deposits. 

NM Not meaningful 
  
   12 

GLOBAL CONSUMER BANKING  
  Global Consumer Banking (GCB)   provides traditional banking services to retail customers through retail banking, including commercial banking, and Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services (for additional information on these businesses, see  Citigroup Segments  above).   GCB   is focused on its priority markets in the U.S., Mexico and Asia with 2,679 branches in 19 countries as of September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016,   GCB   had approximately $412 billion of assets and $307 billion of deposits. 
        GCB   s overall strategy is to leverage Citi s global footprint and seek to be the preeminent bank for the emerging affluent and affluent consumers in large urban centers.  In credit cards and in certain retail markets, Citi serves customers in a somewhat broader set of segments and geographies. 

Table continues on next page. 

13 

(1) 
    Includes both Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services. 
              (2) 
    Reflects the impact of FX translation into U.S. dollars at the third quarter of 2016 average exchange rates for all periods presented. 
              (3) 
    Presentation of this metric excluding FX translation is a non-GAAP financial measure.  
     NM  Not meaningful 

14 

NORTH AMERICA GCB 
  North America GCB   provides traditional retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses, as applicable, in the U.S.    North America GCB   s U.S. cards product portfolio includes its proprietary portfolio (including the Citi Double Cash, Thank You and Value cards) and co-branded cards (including, among others, American Airlines, Costco and Hilton Worldwide) within Citi-branded cards as well as its co-brand and private label relationships within Citi retail services. 
  As of September 30, 2016,   North America GCB   s 727 retail bank branches are concentrated in the six key metropolitan areas of New York, Chicago, Miami, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles and San Francisco.  Also as of September 30, 2016,   North America GCB   had approximately 10.6 million retail banking customer accounts, $54.8 billion of retail banking loans and $185.6 billion of deposits.  In addition,   North America GCB   had approximately 120.8 million Citi-branded and Citi retail services credit card accounts with $125.2 billion in outstanding card loan balances. 

NM Not meaningful 

15 

3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  Net income   decreased by 25% due to significantly higher cost of credit and higher expenses, partially offset by higher revenues. 
  Revenues   increased 7%, reflecting higher revenues in each of retail banking, Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services. 
  Retail banking revenues increased 2%.  The increase was primarily driven by continued volume growth in consumer and commercial banking, including growth in average loans (9%) and average checking deposits (10%), as well as an increase in mortgage gain on sale revenues due to higher margins, although   North America GCB   expects a seasonal decline in mortgage activity during the fourth quarter of 2016.  The increase in revenues was partially offset by lower spreads and lower mortgage servicing revenues.   
  Cards revenues increased 8%.  In Citi-branded cards, revenues increased 15%, primarily reflecting the first full quarter of revenues from the acquisition of the Costco portfolio (completed June 17, 2016).  Excluding Costco, revenues increased modestly (1%) as the impact of investment-related acquisition costs abated and a portion of new loan balances matured to full rate.  Average loans grew 24% (3% excluding Costco) and purchase sales grew 57% (7% excluding Costco). 
  Citi retail services revenues increased 1% as higher average loan growth was largely offset by the impact of the previously disclosed renewal and extension of several partnerships within the portfolio as well as the absence of revenues associated with two portfolios sold in the first quarter of 2016.  Average loans increased 1%, while purchase sales decreased 1%.   
  Expenses   increased 12%, primarily due to the Costco portfolio acquisition, volume growth and continued marketing investments, partially offset by ongoing efficiency savings.    North America GCB   expects to continue to incur elevated expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 reflecting seasonally higher marketing expenses as well as ongoing investment spending, including within retail banking as the business invests in its digital and mobile banking capabilities, among other initiatives. 
  Provisions   increased 62%, driven by a net loan loss reserve build ($408 million), compared to a loan loss reserve release in the prior-year period ($61 million), and higher net credit losses (6%).   
  The net loan loss reserve build mostly reflected a reserve build in the cards portfolios and was driven, largely in equal amounts, by the impact of the acquisition of the Costco portfolio, volume growth and seasoning of the portfolios, as well as the estimated impact of newly proposed regulatory guidelines on third party debt collections.  This build was partially offset by a release related to the commercial banking portfolio (for information on Citi s energy and energy-related exposures within commercial banking within   North America     GCB  , see  Credit Risk Commercial Credit  below). 
  The increase in net credit losses was primarily driven by an increase in Citi retail services of 6% to $427 million, primarily due to portfolio growth and seasoning.  In retail banking, net credit losses grew 59% to $54 million, primarily  

due to an increase related to the commercial portfolio which was fully offset by the reserve release described above.  In Citi-branded cards, net credit losses increased 1% to $448 million, despite a 24% increase in average loans, as the Costco portfolio did not incur losses in the third quarter of 2016.    North America GCB   expects net credit losses in both cards portfolios to increase in the near term due to portfolio growth and seasoning, the normalization of losses in the Costco portfolio and the newly proposed regulatory guidelines described above.  
    
  2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Year-to-date,   North America GCB   has experienced similar trends to those described above.    Net income   decreased 24% due to higher expenses and a net loan loss reserve build, while revenues were largely unchanged. 
  Revenues   were unchanged, reflecting lower revenues in retail banking, offset by higher revenues in Citi-branded cards.  Retail banking revenues decreased 3%.  Excluding the previously disclosed $110 million gain on sale of branches in Texas in the first quarter of 2015, revenues were largely unchanged as volume growth in consumer and commercial banking was offset by lower mortgage gain on sale revenues due to lower mortgage originations.  Cards revenues increased 1%.  In Citi-branded cards, revenues increased 2%, driven by the acquisition of the Costco portfolio, partially offset by higher acquisition and rewards costs related to the investment spending.  Citi retail services revenues were largely unchanged, primarily due to portfolio growth and gains on sales of two cards portfolios in the first quarter of 2016, offset by the impact of the partnership renewals and extensions. 
  Expenses   increased 8%, primarily due to the continued investment spending as well as higher repositioning charges, volume-related expenses and regulatory and compliance costs, partially offset by ongoing cost reduction initiatives, including as a result of the retail business  branch rationalization strategy. 
  Provisions   increased 30%, largely due to a net loan loss reserve build ($537 million), compared to a net loan loss reserve release in the prior-year period ($268 million), partially offset by modestly lower net credit losses (1%).  The net loan loss reserve build was driven by the impact of the Costco portfolio, volume growth and the estimated impact of the newly proposed regulatory guidelines described above, partially offset by a release related to energy and energy-related exposures in the commercial banking portfolio within retail banking.  The decline in net credit losses was driven by a 5% decrease in Citi-branded cards, mostly offset by increases in retail banking (13%) and Citi retail services (2%). 

16 

LATIN AMERICA GCB 
  Latin America GCB   provides traditional retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses in Mexico through Citibanamex (previously known as Banco Nacional de Mexico, or Banamex), Mexico s second-largest bank.  
  At September 30, 2016,   Latin America GCB   had 1,494 retail branches in Mexico, with approximately 28.8 million retail banking customer accounts, $19.0 billion in retail banking loans and $27.4 billion in deposits.  In addition, the business had approximately 5.8 million Citi-branded card accounts with $4.9 billion in outstanding loan balances. 

(1) 
    Reflects the impact of FX translation into U.S. dollars at the third quarter of 2016 average exchange rates for all periods presented. 
              (2) 
    Presentation of this metric excluding FX translation is a non-GAAP financial measure.  
     
   17 

NM   Not Meaningful 

The discussion of the results of operations for Latin America GCB below excludes the impact of FX translation for all periods presented. Presentations of the results of operations, excluding the impact of FX translation, are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of certain of these metrics to the reported results, see the table above. 
      
  3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  Net income   decreased 34%, driven by lower revenues and higher cost of credit. 
  Revenues   decreased 7%, driven by the absence of a previously disclosed $160 million gain on sale (excluding the impact of FX translation, $180 million as reported) related to the sale of the merchant acquiring business in Mexico in the prior-year period.  Excluding this gain, revenues would have increased 5%, primarily due to higher revenues in retail banking, partially offset by lower revenues in cards. 
  Retail banking revenues decreased 8%.  Excluding the gain on sale related to the merchant acquiring business, revenues would have increased 11%, driven by volume growth, including an increase in average loans (8%), driven by higher personal loans, and higher average deposits (12%), partially offset by a decline in loan spreads.  Cards revenues decreased 6%, driven by the continued impact of higher payment rates and the absence of certain episodic fee revenues in the prior-year period, partially offset by higher volumes (average loans up 3%) and increased purchase sales (9%).  Excluding the fee revenues in the prior-year period, cards revenues would have declined 3%, largely reflecting the continued impact of the higher payment rates resulting from the business  focus on higher credit quality customers. 
  Expenses   were unchanged as ongoing efficiency savings and lower marketing expenses were offset by technology investments.  As previously announced, Citi intends to invest more than $1 billion in Citibanamex over the next several years, including initiatives within   Latin America GCB   to enhance the branch network, digital capabilities and service offerings. 
  Provisions   increased 3%, driven by a higher net loan loss reserve build, partially offset by lower net credit losses.  The net loan loss reserve build increased $14 million, primarily due to volume growth within the personal loan and commercial banking portfolios, partially offset by a release related to cards.  Net credit losses decreased 3%, largely reflecting continued lower net credit losses in the cards portfolio due to a focus on higher credit quality customers.  Despite this decrease,   Latin America GCB   expects net credit losses within its loan portfolios could increase in the near term consistent with continued portfolio growth and seasoning. 

2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Net income   decreased 5%, driven by a higher tax rate due to the absence of certain tax benefits, partially offset by modestly lower expenses and cost of credit. 
  Revenues   were largely unchanged.  Excluding the gain on sale related to the merchant acquiring business, revenues would have increased 4%, primarily due to higher revenues in retail banking, partially offset by lower revenues in cards.  Retail banking revenues increased 1%.  Excluding the gain on sale related to the merchant acquiring business, revenues would have increased 8%, driven by the same factors described above as well as the impact of lower revenues due to business divestitures.  Cards revenues decreased 4%, driven by the continued higher payment rates. 
  Expenses   decreased 1%, primarily due to lower legal and related expenses, the impact of business divestitures and ongoing efficiency savings, partially offset by repositioning charges, higher marketing costs and ongoing investment spending. 
  Provisions   decreased 1% as lower net credit losses were partially offset by a higher net loan loss reserve build.  Net credit losses decreased 6%, largely reflecting lower net credit losses in the cards and personal loan portfolios due to the focus on higher credit quality customers.  The net loan loss reserve build increased $24 million, primarily due to a net loan loss reserve build for the personal loan and the commercial banking portfolios, partially offset by a release related to cards portfolio. 

18 

ASIA GCB 
  Asia GCB   provides traditional retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses, as applicable.  As of September 30, 2016, Citi s most significant revenues in the region were from Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea, India, Australia, Taiwan, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines.  Included within   Asia GCB  , traditional retail banking and Citi-branded card products are also provided to retail customers in certain   EMEA   countries, primarily in Poland, Russia and the United Arab Emirates. 
  At September 30, 2016, on a combined basis, the businesses had 458 retail branches, approximately 16.9 million retail banking customer accounts, $68.1 billion in retail banking loans and $93.6 billion in deposits.  In addition, the businesses had approximately 16.4 million Citi-branded card accounts with $17.7 billion in outstanding loan balances. 

19 

(1) 
    Asia GCB   includes the results of operations of   GCB   activities in certain   EMEA   countries for all periods presented. 
              (2) 
    Reflects the impact of FX translation into U.S. dollars at the   third   quarter of 2016 average exchange rates for all periods presented. 
              (3) 
    Presentation of this metric excluding FX translation is a non-GAAP financial measure.  
              NM 
    Not meaningful 
       
  The discussion of the results of operations for Asia GCB below excludes the impact of FX translation for all periods presented. Presentations of the results of operations, excluding the impact of FX translation, are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of certain of these metrics to the reported results, see the table above. 
    
    3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  Net income   increased 2%, reflecting higher revenues, largely offset by higher cost of credit. 
  Revenues   increased 3%, reflecting both higher retail banking and cards revenues.  Retail banking revenues increased 2%, mainly due to an 11% increase in wealth management revenues due to improving investment sentiment, particularly in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Indonesia, as well as  an increase in assets under management.  Retail banking revenues excluding wealth management decreased 1%, primarily due to lower average loans (decrease of 4%), largely offset by growth in deposit volumes (5% increase in average deposits) and higher insurance revenues.  The lower average loans was due to the product repositioning of the portfolio away from lower return mortgage loans as well as de-risking in the commercial portfolio.    
  Cards revenues increased 4%, driven by modest volume growth, continued improvement in yields and abating regulatory headwinds.  The volume growth was driven by a 2% increase in average loans, stabilizing payment rates and a 1% increase in purchase sales.   
  Expenses   were largely unchanged as investment spending and higher regulatory and compliance costs were offset by efficiency savings.     
  Provisions   increased 39%, primarily due to higher net loan loss reserve releases in the prior-year period, partially offset by lower net credit losses. 

2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Net income   decreased 16% due to lower revenues, higher expenses and higher cost of credit. 
  Revenues   decreased 2%, primarily due to the slowdown in wealth management revenues in the first half of the year and lower retail lending revenues, partially offset by higher cards revenues.  Retail banking revenues decreased 3%, driven by the lower wealth management revenues and lower average loans, partially offset by growth in deposit volumes and higher insurance revenues.  Cards revenues increased 1%, primarily due to the same factors described above.   
  Expenses   increased 3%, driven by higher repositioning costs and higher regulatory and compliance costs, partially offset by efficiency savings.   
  Provisions   increased 8%, primarily due to a lower net loan loss reserve release, partially offset by lower net credit losses.   

20 

INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS GROUP 

Institutional Clients Group (ICG)   provides corporate, institutional, public sector and high-net-worth clients around the world with a full range of wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance and securities services.    ICG   transacts with clients in both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products. 
  ICG   revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities.    ICG   earns fee income for assisting clients in clearing transactions, providing brokerage and investment banking services and other such activities.  Revenue generated from these activities is recorded in   Commissions and fees   and   Investment banking  .  In addition, as a market maker,   ICG   facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products.  These price differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in   Principal transactions  .    Other   primarily includes mark-to-market gains and losses on certain credit derivatives, gains and losses on available-for-sale (AFS) securities and other non-recurring gains and losses.  Interest income earned on inventory and loans held less interest paid to customers on deposits and long-term and short-term debt is recorded as   Net interest revenue  .  Revenue is also generated from transaction processing and assets under custody and administration. 
  ICG   s international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a proprietary network in over 100 countries and jurisdictions.  At September 30, 2016,   ICG   had approximately $1.3 trillion of assets and $617 billion of deposits, while two of its businesses, securities services and issuer services, managed approximately $15.4 trillion of assets under custody compared to $14.9 trillion at the end of the prior-year period.      

21 

(1) 
    First quarter of 2016 includes a previously disclosed charge of approximately $180 million primarily reflecting the write down of Citi s net investment in Venezuela as a result of changes in the exchange rate during the quarter.   
              (2) 
    Excludes CVA/DVA in the third quarter and nine months of 2015, consistent with current period presentation.  For additional information, see Notes 1 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
     NM   Not Meaningful 
  ICG Revenue Details Excluding CVA/DVA and Gain/(Loss) on Loan Hedges   (1)   

22 

(1) 
    Excludes CVA/DVA in the third quarter and nine months of 2015, consistent with current period presentation.  For additional information, see Notes 1 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
              (2) 
    Hedges on accrual loans reflect the mark-to-market on credit derivatives used to economically hedge the corporate loan accrual portfolio. The fixed premium costs of these hedges are netted against the corporate lending revenues to reflect the cost of credit protection. 
              (3) 
    First quarter of 2016 includes the previously disclosed charge of approximately $180 million, primarily reflecting the write down of Citi s net investment in Venezuela as a result of changes in the exchange rate during the quarter.   
     NM Not meaningful 

The discussion of the results of operations for ICG below excludes the impact of CVA/DVA for the third quarter and year-to-date 2015.  Presentations of the results of operations, excluding the impact of CVA/DVA and the impact of gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans, are non-GAAP financial measures.  For a reconciliation of these metrics to the reported results, see the table above. 
      
  3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  Net income   increased 20%, primarily driven by higher revenues, lower expenses and lower cost of credit. 

Revenues   increased 2%, reflecting higher revenues in   Markets and securities services   (increase of 11%), driven by fixed income markets, offset by lower revenues in   Banking   (decrease of 6% including the gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans).  Excluding the impact of the gains/(losses) on loan hedges,   Banking   revenues increased 7%, driven by debt underwriting in investment banking and treasury and trade solutions.  Citi expects revenues in   ICG   will likely continue to reflect the overall market environment during the remainder of 2016, including a normal seasonal decline in   Markets and securities services   revenues. 
       
  Within   Banking  : 

Investment banking   revenues increased 15%, largely reflecting increased industry-wide debt underwriting activity during the current quarter.  Advisory revenues were largely unchanged, despite a lower overall M A market.      Equity underwriting revenues decreased 16%, driven by   North America  , primarily reflecting a decrease in wallet share resulting from continued share fragmentation.  Debt underwriting revenues increased 32%, driven by   North America   and   EMEA  , primarily due to the higher market activity. 
                
    Treasury and trade solutions   revenues increased 5%.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, revenues increased 8% due to continued growth in transaction volumes with new and existing clients, continued growth in deposit balances  ,   particularly in   North America   and   EMEA  , improved spreads, and overall growth in the trade business, driven by   Latin America  .  End-of-period deposit balances increased 4%, while average trade loans decreased 1% (unchanged excluding the impact of FX translation). 
                
    Corporate lending   revenues decreased 70%.  Excluding the impact of gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans, revenues increased 4%, mostly reflecting higher average loans, partially offset by higher hedging costs. 
                
    Private bank   revenues increased 4%, driven by   North America  , reflecting loan growth, improved banking spreads and higher managed investment revenues. 

Within   Markets and securities services  : 

Fixed income markets   revenues increased 35%, with higher revenues in all regions.  The increase in fixed income markets revenues was driven by higher rates and currencies revenues and higher spread products revenues.  Rates and currencies revenues increased 34%, driven by overall strength in   North America   and   EMEA  , primarily due to increased client activity and strong trading results in G10 rates, as well as strength in local markets revenues, particularly in   EMEA   and   Latin America  . The increase in spread products revenues was driven by higher credit markets and securitized markets revenues, particularly in   North America  , as the businesses continued to recover from the lower levels experienced in late 2015, as well as higher municipals revenues in   North America.   
                
    Equity markets   revenues decreased 34%.  The prior-year period included a positive valuation adjustment ($140 million) related to certain financing transactions (see  Executive Summary  above).  Excluding the adjustment, revenues decreased 23%, driven by lower client activity, a less favorable environment, particularly in derivatives, as well as a comparison to strong performance in   Asia   in the prior-year period. 
                
    Securities services   revenues increased 4%.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, revenues increased 6%, driven by   EMEA   and   Asia  , primarily reflecting increased client activity, higher deposit volumes and improved spreads, partially offset by the absence of revenues from divestitures.   
       
  Expenses   decreased 1% as a benefit from FX translation, efficiency savings and lower legal and related costs were partially offset by higher compensation expense and higher repositioning charges. 
  Provisions   decreased $403 million to a benefit of $90 million in the current quarter reflecting a net loan loss reserve release of $135 million (compared to a net build of $276 million in the prior-year period) and net credit losses of $45 million ($37 million in the prior-year period), which were largely offset by previously established loan loss reserves.  While, in total, the corporate credit portfolio experienced a net reserve release from ratings upgrades, reductions in exposures and improved valuations during the current quarter, the business remains cautious as to the energy sector and potential price volatility.  For additional information on Citi s corporate energy and energy-related exposures, see  Credit Risk Corporate Credit  below.   

23 

2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Net income   decreased 7%, primarily driven by lower revenues, higher cost of credit and higher expenses. 

Revenues   decreased 3%, reflecting lower revenues in   Banking   (decrease of 7% including the gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans), partially offset by higher revenues in   Markets and securities services   (increase of 1%).  Excluding the impact of the gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans,   Banking   revenues were largely unchanged. 
       
  Within   Banking  : 

Investment banking   revenues decreased 8%, largely reflecting the overall industry-wide slowdown in activity levels during the first half of 2016.  Advisory revenues decreased 11%, particularly in   North America  , reflecting strong performance in the prior-year period as well as the lower market activity.      Equity underwriting revenues decreased 37%, primarily due to the decline in market activity.  Debt underwriting revenues increased 5%, primarily due to increased market activity and a higher wallet share. 
                
    Treasury and trade solutions   revenues increased 4%.  Excluding the impact of FX translation, revenues increased 8%, reflecting growth across all regions.  The increase was primarily due to continued growth in transaction volumes, continued growth in deposit balances, improved spreads, particularly in   Latin America   and   North America  , and overall growth in trade revenues. 
                
    Corporate lending   revenues decreased 53%.  Excluding the impact of gains/(losses) on hedges on accrual loans, revenues decreased 7%, driven by a lease financing adjustment in the second quarter of 2016 and higher hedging costs, partially offset by continued growth in average loan balances.  
                
    Private bank   revenues increased 3%, reflecting growth in loan volumes and deposit balances, partially offset by lower capital markets activity and managed investments. 
       
  Within   Markets and securities services  : 

Fixed income markets   revenues increased 10%, due to strength in   North America  ,   Latin America   and   Asia  .  The increase in fixed income markets revenues was driven by growth in rates and currencies, partially offset by a decrease in spread products and commodities revenues.  Rates and currencies revenues increased 20%, primarily driven by overall G10 products, due to strength in   North America  ,   EMEA   and   Asia  .  Spread products revenues declined modestly due to a decline in securitized markets revenues, particularly in   North America   and   EMEA  ,  largely offset by an increase in municipals revenues and credit markets revenues.  The decline in spread products revenues was primarily due to lower activity levels and a less favorable environment in the early part of 2016. 

Equity markets   revenues decreased 14%, reflecting the impact of lower client volumes in cash equities and derivatives and the strong trading performance in   Asia   in the prior-year period, partially offset by increased prime finance revenues. 
                
    Securities services   revenues were largely unchanged as increased client activity and a modest gain on sale of a private equity fund services business in the first quarter of 2016 were offset by the absence of revenues from divestitures and lower assets under custody due to lower market valuations. 
       
  Expenses   increased 1% as higher repositioning charges  and higher compensation expense were largely offset by a benefit from FX translation, efficiency savings and lower legal and related costs. 
     Provisions   increased 22%, primarily reflecting net credit losses of $397 million ($118 million in the prior-year period) and a net loan loss reserve release of $15 million (build of $194 million in the prior-year period).  This higher cost of credit included approximately $215 million of net credit losses and an approximately $118 million net loan loss reserve build related to energy and energy-related exposures in the year-to-date period, largely due to low oil prices as well as the impact of regulatory guidance in the first quarter of 2016. 

24 

CORPORATE/OTHER 
  Corporate/Other   includes certain unallocated costs of global staff functions (including finance, risk, human resources, legal and compliance), other corporate expenses and unallocated global operations and technology expenses, Corporate Treasury and discontinued operations.  At September 30, 2016,   Corporate/Other   had $43 billion of assets, or 2% of Citigroup s total assets. 

NM Not meaningful 
      
  3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  The   net loss   was $272 million, compared to net income of $170 million in the prior-year period, due to lower revenues and higher expenses and a higher effective tax rate due to the absence of certain tax benefits in the current quarter. 
  Revenues   decreased 87%, primarily due to the absence of the equity contribution related to China Guangfa Bank (see  Executive Summary  above).  
  Expenses   increased 31%, largely driven by higher  expenses related to Citi s sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic team and higher consulting costs related to the timing of Citi s resolution plan submission towards the end of the current quarter.  

2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Year-to-date,   Corporate/Other   has experienced similar trends to those described above.  The   net loss   was $410 million, compared to net income of $375 million in the prior-year period, reflecting lower revenues, the higher effective tax rate and the absence of the favorable tax impact reflecting the resolution of state and local audits in the second quarter of 2015 and higher expenses. 
  Revenues   decreased 47%, primarily due to the absence of gains on real estate sales, lower gains on debt buybacks and the absence of the equity contribution related to China Guangfa Bank, partially offset by higher investment income. 
  Expenses   increased 4%, largely driven by the higher expenses related to the Olympic sponsorship, the higher consulting costs described above and higher repositioning charges, partially offset by lower legal and related expenses. 

25 

CITI HOLDINGS 
  Citi Holdings contains the remaining businesses and portfolios of assets that Citigroup has determined are not central to its core Citicorp businesses.  As of September 30, 2016, Citi Holdings assets were approximately $61 billion, a decrease of 48% year-over-year and 8% from June 30, 2016.  The decline in assets of $5 billion from June 30, 2016 primarily consisted of divestitures and run-off.  As of October 31, 2016, Citi had signed agreements to reduce Citi Holdings GAAP assets by an additional $10 billion, including Citi s consumer banking businesses in Argentina and Brazil, subject to regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. 
  Also as of September 30, 2016, consumer assets in Citi Holdings were approximately $54 billion, or approximately 89% of Citi Holdings assets.  Of the consumer assets, approximately $31 billion, or 57%, consisted of   North America   mortgages (residential first mortgages and home equity loans).  As of September 30, 2016, Citi Holdings represented approximately 3% of Citi s GAAP assets and 9% of its risk-weighted assets under Basel III (based on the Advanced Approaches for determining risk-weighted assets). 

(1) 
    Excludes CVA/DVA in the   third   quarter and nine months of 2015, consistent with current period presentation. For additional information, see Notes 1 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
     NM Not meaningful 
  
   26 

The discussion of the results of operations for Citi Holdings below excludes the impact of CVA/DVA for the third quarter and year-to-date 2015.  Presentations of the results of operations, excluding the impact of CVA/DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures.  For a reconciliation of these metrics to the reported results, see the table above. 
    
    3Q16 vs. 3Q15 
  Net income   was $74 million, compared to net income of $15 million in the prior-year period, primarily due to lower expenses and lower cost of credit, partially offset by lower revenues. 
  Revenues   decreased 49%, primarily driven by the overall wind-down of the portfolio. 
  Expenses   declined 40%, primarily due to the ongoing decline in assets and modestly lower legal and related and repositioning costs. 
  Provisions   decreased 93% to $17 million, driven by lower net credit losses and a lower provision for benefits and claims reflecting lower insurance-related assets, partially offset by a lower net loan loss reserve release.  Net credit losses declined 53%, primarily due to divestiture activity and continued improvements in   North America   mortgages.  The net reserve release decreased 36% to $122 million, primarily due to the impact of asset sales.   

2016 YTD vs. 2015 YTD 
  Year-to-date, Citi Holdings has experienced similar trends to 
  those described above.    Net income   increased 62% to $513 million, primarily due to lower expenses and lower cost of credit, partially offset by lower revenues. 
  Revenues   decreased 45%, primarily driven by the overall wind-down of the portfolio, partially offset by higher net gains on asset sales. 
  Expenses   declined 39%, primarily due to the ongoing decline in assets and lower legal and related costs, partially offset by higher repositioning costs.   
  Provisions   decreased 91%, driven by the same factors described above.  Net credit losses declined 65%, primarily due to overall lower asset levels as well as continued improvements in   North America   mortgages.  The net reserve release decreased 30% to $384 million, primarily due to the impact of asset sales. 
    
  Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) 
  For background information on PPI, see  Citi Holdings  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  In August 2016, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) issued a new consultation paper that included, among other things, a deadline for PPI complaints of June 2019 (a 2018 deadline was proposed previously).  Final rules are expected by year-end 2016, with an effective date in March 2017.   
  During the current quarter, Citi increased its PPI reserves by approximately $70 million ($34 million of which was recorded in Citi Holdings and $36 million of which was recorded in discontinued operations), largely driven by the new proposed deadline for PPI complaints as well as the ongoing level of claims.  Citi s PPI reserve as of the end of the current quarter was $256 million, compared to $262 million as of the end of 2015.  Additional reserving actions, if any, during the remainder of 2016 will largely depend on the timing and requirements of the FCA s final rules. 

27 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
    
  The table below shows where a discussion of Citi s various off-balance sheet arrangements may be found in this Form 10-Q. For additional information on Citi s off-balance sheet arrangements, see  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  and Notes 1, 22 and 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Types of Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Disclosures in this Form   10-Q    
                 Variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs 
    See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
      Letters of credit, and lending and other commitments 
    See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
      Guarantees 
    See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

28 

CAPITAL RESOURCES  
    Overview 
  Capital is used principally to support assets in Citi s businesses and to absorb credit, market, and operational losses. Citi primarily generates capital through earnings from its operating businesses. Citi may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances.  
  Further, Citi s capital levels may also be affected by changes in accounting and regulatory standards as well as the impact of future events on Citi s business results, such as corporate and asset dispositions.    
  During the   third   quarter of 2016, Citi returned a total of  approximately $3.0 billion of capital to common  shareholders in the form of share repurchases (approximately 56 million common shares) and dividends. 
    
  Capital Management 
  Citi s capital management framework is designed to ensure that Citigroup and its principal subsidiaries maintain sufficient capital consistent with each entity s respective risk profile, management targets, and all applicable regulatory standards and guidelines. For additional information regarding Citi s capital management, see  Capital Resources Capital Management  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Capital Planning and Stress Testing 
  Citi is subject to an annual assessment by the Federal Reserve Board as to whether Citi has effective capital planning processes as well as sufficient regulatory capital to absorb losses during stressful economic and financial conditions, while also meeting obligations to creditors and counterparties and continuing to serve as a credit intermediary. This annual assessment includes two related programs: the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing (DFAST). For additional information regarding Citi s capital planning and stress testing, including potential changes in Citi s regulatory capital requirements and future CCAR processes, see  Forward-Looking Statements  below and   Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital   Standards  Capital Planning and Stress Testing  and  Risk Factors Regulatory Risks  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  In September 2016, the Federal Reserve Board proposed certain revisions to its capital planning and stress testing rules which, if adopted, would become effective with the 2017 CCAR cycle. Among the proposed revisions would be a reduction in the amount of capital a banking organization subject to the quantitative requirements of CCAR may request to distribute in excess of the amount otherwise previously approved under its capital plan. The so-called  de minimis exception  threshold would be lowered from the current 1.0% to 0.25% of Tier 1 Capital, and would be available to these banking organizations,  

subject to compliance with certain conditions, including 15 days prior notification as to planned execution of the exception and no objection by the Federal Reserve Board within that timeframe.    
    
  Current Regulatory Capital Standards 
  Citi is subject to regulatory capital standards issued by the Federal Reserve Board which constitute the U.S. Basel III rules. These rules establish an integrated capital adequacy framework, encompassing both risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios. For additional information regarding the risk-based capital ratios, Tier 1 Leverage ratio, and Supplementary Leverage ratio, see  Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital Standards  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
    
  GSIB Surcharge 
  The Federal Reserve Board also adopted a rule which imposes a risk-based capital surcharge upon U.S. bank holding companies that are identified as global systemically important bank holding companies (GSIBs), including Citi. GSIB surcharges under the rule initially range from 1.0% to 4.5% of total risk-weighted assets. Citi s initial GSIB surcharge effective January 1, 2016 is 3.5%. However, Citi expects that its efforts in addressing quantitative measures of its systemic importance have resulted in a reduction of Citi s GSIB surcharge to 3%, effective January 1, 2017. For additional information regarding the identification of a GSIB and the methodology for annually determining the GSIB surcharge, see  Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital Standards GSIB Surcharge  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
    
  Transition Provisions 
  The U.S. Basel III rules contain several differing, largely multi-year transition provisions (i.e.,  phase-ins  and  phase-outs ). Citi considers all of these transition provisions as being fully implemented on January 1, 2019 (full implementation). For additional information regarding the transition provisions under the U.S. Basel III rules, including with respect to the GSIB surcharge, see  Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital Standards Transition Provisions  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

29 

Citigroup s Capital Resources Under Current Regulatory Standards  
  During 2015 and thereafter, Citi is required to maintain stated minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios of 4.5%, 6% and 8%, respectively. Citi s effective minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios during 2016, inclusive of the 25% phase-in of both the 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer and 3.5% GSIB surcharge (all of which is to be composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital), are 6%, 7.5%, and 9.5%, respectively. Citi s effective and stated minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios during 2015 were equivalent at 4.5%, 6%, and 8%, respectively.  

Furthermore, to be  well capitalized  under current federal bank regulatory agency definitions, a bank holding 
  company must have a Tier 1 Capital ratio of at least 6%, a Total Capital ratio of at least 10%, and not be subject to a Federal Reserve Board directive to maintain higher capital levels.   
  The following table sets forth the capital tiers, total risk-weighted assets, risk-based capital ratios, quarterly adjusted average total assets, Total Leverage Exposure and leverage ratios under current regulatory standards (reflecting Basel III Transition Arrangements) for Citi as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Citigroup Capital Components and Ratios Under Current Regulatory Standards (Basel III Transition Arrangements) 

(1) 
    Under the Advanced Approaches framework eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital to the extent the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets, which differs from the Standardized Approach in which the allowance for credit losses is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital up to 1.25% of credit risk-weighted assets, with any excess allowance for credit losses being deducted in arriving at credit risk-weighted assets.  
              (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Citi s reportable Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, and Total Capital ratios were the lower derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework. 
              (3) 
    Tier 1 Leverage ratio denominator.  
              (4) 
    Supplementary Leverage ratio denominator.  
       
    As indicated in the table above, Citigroup s capital ratios at   September 30, 2016   were in excess of the stated and effective minimum requirements under the U.S. Basel III rules. In addition, Citi was also  well capitalized  under current federal bank regulatory agency definitions as of   September 30, 2016  .  

30 

Components of Citigroup Capital Under Current Regulatory Standards  
     (Basel III Advanced Approaches with Transition Arrangements)   

31 

Citigroup Risk-Weighted Assets Under Current Regulatory Standards  
  (Basel III Advanced Approaches with Transition Arrangements) 

(1) 
    Issuance costs of $184 million and $147 million related to preferred stock outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, are excluded from common stockholders  equity and netted against preferred stock in accordance with Federal Reserve Board regulatory reporting requirements, which differ from those under U.S. GAAP.  
              (2) 
    In addition, includes the net amount of unamortized loss on HTM securities. This amount relates to securities that were previously transferred from AFS to HTM, and non-credit related factors such as changes in interest rates and liquidity spreads for HTM securities with other-than-temporary impairment. 
              (3) 
    The transition arrangements for significant regulatory capital adjustments and deductions impacting Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or Additional    Tier 1 Capital are set forth in the chart entitled  Basel III Transition Arrangements: Significant Regulatory Capital Adjustments and Deductions , as presented in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
              (4) 
    Common Equity Tier 1 Capital is adjusted for accumulated net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges included in AOCI that relate to the hedging of items not recognized at fair value on the balance sheet. 
              (5) 
    The cumulative impact of changes in Citigroup s own creditworthiness in valuing liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected and own-credit valuation adjustments on derivatives are excluded from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, in accordance with the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (6) 
    Includes goodwill  embedded  in the valuation of significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions.  
              (7) 
    Identifiable intangible assets other than MSRs increased by approximately $2.2 billion as a result of the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio, as well as the renewal and extension of the co-branded credit card program agreement with American Airlines. For additional information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
              (8) 
    Of Citi s approximately $45.4 billion of net DTAs at   September 30, 2016  , approximately $21.2 billion of such assets were includable in regulatory capital pursuant to the U.S. Basel III rules, while approximately $24.2 billion of such assets were excluded in arriving at regulatory capital. Comprising the excluded net DTAs was an aggregate of approximately $26.0 billion of net DTAs arising from net operating loss, foreign tax credit and general business credit carry-forwards as well as temporary differences, of which $17.0 billion were deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and $9.0 billion were deducted from Additional Tier 1 Capital. Serving to reduce the approximately $26.0 billion of aggregate excluded net DTAs was approximately $1.8 billion of net DTLs primarily associated with goodwill and certain other intangible assets. Separately, under the U.S. Basel III rules, goodwill and these other intangible assets are deducted net of associated DTLs in arriving at Common Equity Tier 1 Capital.  
              (9) 
    Assets subject to 10%/15% limitations include MSRs, DTAs arising from temporary differences and significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions. At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the deduction related only to DTAs arising from temporary differences that exceeded the 10% limitation.  
              (10) 
    Represents Citigroup Capital XIII trust preferred securities, which are permanently grandfathered as Tier 1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules, as well as non-grandfathered trust preferred securities which are eligible for inclusion in Tier 1 Capital during 2015 in an amount up to 25% of the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of such issuances as of January 1, 2014. The remaining 75% of non-grandfathered trust preferred securities are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital during 2015 in accordance with the transition arrangements for non-qualifying capital instruments under the U.S. Basel III rules. As of December 31, 2015, however, the entire amount of non-grandfathered trust preferred securities was included within Tier 1 Capital, as the amounts outstanding did not exceed the respective threshold for exclusion from Tier 1 Capital. Effective January 1, 2016, non-grandfathered trust preferred securities are not eligible for inclusion in Tier 1 Capital, but are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital subject to full phase-out by January 1, 2022. During 2016, non-grandfathered trust preferred securities are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital in an amount up to 60% of the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of such issuances as of January 1, 2014.  
              (11) 
    Effective July 2015, banking entities are required to be in compliance with the Volcker Rule of the Dodd-Frank Act that prohibits conducting certain proprietary investment activities and limits their ownership of, and relationships with, covered funds. Accordingly, Citi is required by the Volcker Rule to deduct from Tier 1 Capital all permitted ownership interests in covered funds that were acquired after December 31, 2013.  
              (12) 
    50% of the minimum regulatory capital requirements of insurance underwriting subsidiaries must be deducted from each of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. 
              (13) 
    Under the transition arrangements of the U.S. Basel III rules, non-qualifying subordinated debt issuances which consist of those with a fixed-to-floating rate step-up feature where the call/step-up date has not passed are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital during 2015 up to 25% of the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of such issuances as of January 1, 2014. Effective January 1, 2016, non-qualifying subordinated debt issuances are not eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital.   
              (14) 
    At the beginning of each of the last five years of the life of each qualifying subordinated debt instrument, the carrying amount that is eligible to be included in Tier 2 Capital is reduced by 20% of the original amount of the instrument (net of redemptions), in accordance with the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (15) 
    Advanced Approaches banking organizations are permitted to include in Tier 2 Capital eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses to the extent that the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets.   
              (16) 
    Under the U.S. Basel III rules, credit risk-weighted assets during the transition period reflect the effects of transitional arrangements related to regulatory capital adjustments and deductions and, as a result, will differ from credit risk-weighted assets derived under full implementation of the rules.  
     
   32 

Citigroup Capital Rollforward Under Current Regulatory Standards  
     (Basel III Advanced Approaches with Transition Arrangements)   

(1) 
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Citi issued approximately $2.5 billion of qualifying perpetual preferred stock with issuance costs of $37 million. In accordance with Federal Reserve Board regulatory reporting requirements, which differ from those under U.S. GAAP, such issuance costs are excluded from common stockholders  equity and netted against preferred stock. 

33 

Citigroup Risk-Weighted Assets Rollforward Under Current Regulatory Standards  
  (Basel III Advanced Approaches with Transition Arrangements)  

(1) 
    Retail exposures decreased during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , in part, due to residential mortgage loan sales and repayments, and divestitures of certain Citi Holdings portfolios. The decrease in retail exposures during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was partially offset by the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio. 
              (2) 
    Wholesale exposures decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to decreases in commercial loans and loan commitments. Wholesale exposures decreased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to decreases in loan commitments, partially offset by increases in securities AFS and commercial loans. 
              (3) 
    Repo-style transactions decreased during the three months and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to exposure decreases and model enhancements. 
              (4) 
    Equity exposures decreased during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the sale of Citi s investment in China Guangfa Bank. 
              (5) 
    OTC derivatives decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to changes in fair value. OTC derivatives increased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by increased trade volume and model enhancements. 
              (6) 
    Derivatives CVA increased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by volatility and rating changes. Derivatives CVA increased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by increased volatility, trade volume and model enhancements. 
              (7) 
    Other exposures include cleared transactions, unsettled transactions, assets other than those reportable in specific exposure categories and non-material portfolios.   
              (8) 
    Supervisory 6% multiplier does not apply to derivatives CVA.  
              (9) 
    Risk levels increased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to an increase in positions subject to standard specific risk charges as well as securitization charges, partially offset by a reduction in positions subject to de minimis charges.  
              (10) 
    Risk-weighted assets declined during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due to changes in model inputs regarding volatility and the correlation between market risk factors. 
              (11) 
    During the third quarter of 2016, operational risk-weighted assets increased by $12.1 billion due to the implementation of certain enhancements to Citi s Advanced Measurement Approaches model. 

34 

Capital Resources of Citigroup s Subsidiary U.S. Depository Institutions Under Current Regulatory Standards  
  Citigroup s subsidiary U.S. depository institutions are also subject to regulatory capital standards issued by their respective primary federal bank regulatory agencies, which are similar to the standards of the Federal Reserve Board.  
  During 2016, Citi s primary subsidiary U.S. depository institution, Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), is subject to effective minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios, inclusive of the 25% phase-in of the 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer, of 5.125%, 6.625%  

and 8.625%, respectively. Citibank s effective and stated minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios during 2015 were equivalent at 4.5%, 6%, and 8%, respectively.  
  The following table sets forth the capital tiers, total risk-weighted assets, risk-based capital ratios, quarterly adjusted average total assets, Total Leverage Exposure and leverage ratios under current regulatory standards (reflecting Basel III Transition Arrangements) for Citibank, Citi s primary subsidiary U.S. depository institution, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Citibank Capital Components and Ratios Under Current Regulatory Standards (Basel III Transition Arrangements) 

(1) 
    Under the Advanced Approaches framework eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital to the extent the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets, which differs from the Standardized Approach in which the allowance for credit losses is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital up to 1.25% of credit risk-weighted assets, with any excess allowance for credit losses being deducted in arriving at credit risk-weighted assets.  
              (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Citibank s reportable Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and Tier 1 Capital ratios were the lower derived under the Basel III Standardized Approach framework. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Citibank s reportable Total Capital ratio was the lower derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework and the Basel III Standardized Approach framework, respectively. 
              (3) 
    Beginning January 1, 2015, Citibank must maintain minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, Total Capital, and Tier 1 Leverage ratios of 6.5%, 8%, 10% and 5%, respectively, to be considered  well capitalized  under the revised Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) regulations applicable to insured depository institutions as established by the U.S. Basel III rules. For additional information, see  Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital Standards Prompt Corrective Action Framework  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
              (4) 
    Tier 1 Leverage ratio denominator.  
              (5) 
    Supplementary Leverage ratio denominator.  
         
  As indicated in the table above, Citibank s capital ratios at   September 30, 2016   were in excess of the stated and effective minimum requirements under the U.S. Basel III rules. In addition, Citibank was also  well capitalized  as of   September 30, 2016   under the revised PCA regulations which became effective January 1, 2015.  

35 

Impact of Changes on Citigroup and Citibank Capital Ratios Under Current Regulatory Capital Standards  
  The following tables present the estimated sensitivity of Citigroup s and Citibank s capital ratios to changes of $100 million in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital (numerator), and changes of $1 billion in  
  Advanced Approaches and Standardized Approach risk-weighted assets, quarterly adjusted average total assets, as well as Total Leverage Exposure (denominator), under current regulatory capital standards (reflecting Basel III Transition Arrangements), as of   September 30, 2016  .                 

This information is provided for the purpose of analyzing the impact that a change in Citigroup s or Citibank s financial position or results of operations could have on these ratios. These sensitivities only consider a single change to either a component of capital, risk-weighted assets, quarterly adjusted average total assets, or Total Leverage Exposure. Accordingly, an event that affects more than one factor may have a larger basis point impact than is reflected in these tables. 

Impact of Changes on Citigroup and Citibank Risk-Based Capital Ratios (Basel III Transition Arrangements) 

Impact of Changes on Citigroup and Citibank Leverage Ratios (Basel III Transition Arrangements) 
                         
    Tier 1 Leverage ratio 
    Supplementary Leverage ratio 
      In basis points 
    Impact of 
  $100 million 
  change in 
  Tier 1 Capital 
    Impact of 
  $1 billion 
  change in quarterly adjusted average total assets 
    Impact of 
  $100 million 
  change in 
  Tier 1 Capital 
    Impact of 
  $1 billion 
  change in Total Leverage Exposure 
      Citigroup 
    0.6 
    0.6 
    0.4 
    0.3 
      Citibank 
    0.7 
    0.7 
    0.5 
    0.4 

Citigroup Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Citigroup Global Markets Inc., a U.S. broker-dealer registered with the SEC that is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, had net capital, computed in accordance with the SEC s net capital rule, of approximately $8.5 billion, which exceeded the minimum requirement by approximately $6.8 billion.  
  Moreover, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a broker-dealer registered with the United Kingdom s Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) that is also an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, had total capital of $17.0 billion at   September 30, 2016  , which exceeded the PRA's minimum regulatory capital requirements.  

In addition, certain of Citi s other broker-dealer  
  subsidiaries are subject to regulation in the countries in which they do business, including requirements to maintain specified levels of net capital or its equivalent. Citigroup s other broker-dealer subsidiaries were in compliance with   
  their capital requirements at   September 30, 2016  .  

36 

Basel III (Full Implementation) 
    
  Citigroup s Capital Resources Under Basel III   
  (Full Implementation) 
  Citi currently estimates that its effective minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratio requirements under the U.S. Basel III rules, on a fully implemented basis, inclusive of the 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer and the Countercyclical Capital Buffer at its current level of 0%, as well as assuming a 3% GSIB surcharge, may be 10%, 11.5% and 13.5%, respectively.  
  Further, under the U.S. Basel III rules, Citi must also comply with a 4% minimum Tier 1 Leverage ratio requirement and an effective 5% minimum Supplementary Leverage ratio requirement. 
  The following table sets forth the capital tiers, total risk-weighted assets, risk-based capital ratios, quarterly adjusted average total assets, Total Leverage Exposure and leverage ratios, assuming full implementation under the U.S. Basel III rules, for Citi as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Citigroup Capital Components and Ratios Under Basel III (Full Implementation) 

(1) 
    Under the Advanced Approaches framework eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital to the extent the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets, which differs from the Standardized Approach in which the allowance for credit losses is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital up to 1.25% of credit risk-weighted assets, with any excess allowance for credit losses being deducted in arriving at credit risk-weighted assets.  
              (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Citi s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, and Total Capital ratios were the lower derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework. 
              (3) 
    Citi s Basel III capital ratios and related components, on a fully implemented basis, are non-GAAP financial measures.   
              (4) 
    Tier 1 Leverage ratio denominator. 
              (5) 
    Supplementary Leverage ratio denominator. 

37 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio     
  Citi s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio was 12.6% at   September 30, 2016  , compared to 12.5% at June 30, 2016 and 12.1% at   December 31, 2015   (all based on application of the Advanced Approaches for determining total risk-weighted assets). The quarter-over-quarter increase in the ratio was primarily due to quarterly net income of $3.8 billion and a decrease in credit risk-weighted assets, offset in part by the return of approximately $3.0 billion of capital to common shareholders and an increase in operational risk-weighted assets resulting from the implementation of certain enhancements to Citi s Advanced Measurement Approaches model. The increase in Citi s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio from year-end 2015 reflected continued growth in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital resulting from net income of $11.3 billion and the favorable effects of $3.2 billion attributable to DTA utilization, offset in part by the return of approximately $5.9 billion of capital to common shareholders and the noted increase in operational risk-weighted assets.  

38 

Components of Citigroup Capital Under Basel III (Advanced Approaches with Full Implementation) 

(1) 
    Issuance costs of $184 million and $147 million related to preferred stock outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, are excluded from common stockholders  equity and netted against preferred stock in accordance with Federal Reserve Board regulatory reporting requirements, which differ from those under U.S. GAAP.  
              (2) 
    Common Equity Tier 1 Capital is adjusted for accumulated net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges included in AOCI that relate to the hedging of items not recognized at fair value on the balance sheet. 
              (3) 
    The cumulative impact of changes in Citigroup s own creditworthiness in valuing liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected and own-credit valuation adjustments on derivatives are excluded from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, in accordance with the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (4) 
    Includes goodwill  embedded  in the valuation of significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions.  
              (5) 
    Identifiable intangible assets other than MSRs increased by approximately $2.2 billion as a result of the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio, as well as the renewal and extension of the co-branded credit card program agreement with American Airlines. For additional information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
              (6) 
    Of Citi s approximately $45.4 billion of net DTAs at   September 30, 2016  , approximately $17.6 billion of such assets were includable in regulatory capital pursuant to the U.S. Basel III rules, while approximately $27.8 billion of such assets were excluded in arriving at Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. Comprising the excluded net DTAs was an aggregate of approximately $29.6 billion of net DTAs arising from net operating loss, foreign tax credit and general business credit carry-forwards as well as temporary differences that were deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. Serving to reduce the approximately $29.6 billion of aggregate excluded net DTAs was approximately $1.8 billion of net DTLs primarily associated with goodwill and certain other intangible assets. Separately, under the U.S. Basel III rules, goodwill and these other intangible assets are deducted net of associated DTLs in arriving at Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
     
   39 

(7) 
    Assets subject to 10%/15% limitations include MSRs, DTAs arising from temporary differences and significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions. At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the deduction related only to DTAs arising from temporary differences that exceeded the 10% limitation.   
              (8) 
    Represents Citigroup Capital XIII trust preferred securities, which are permanently grandfathered as Tier 1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (9) 
    Effective July 2015, banking entities are required to be in compliance with the Volcker Rule of the Dodd-Frank Act that prohibits conducting certain proprietary investment activities and limits their ownership of, and relationships with, covered funds. Accordingly, Citi is required by the Volcker Rule to deduct from Tier 1 Capital all permitted ownership interests in covered funds that were acquired after December 31, 2013.  
              (10) 
    50% of the minimum regulatory capital requirements of insurance underwriting subsidiaries must be deducted from each of Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. 
              (11) 
    At the beginning of each of the last five years of the life of each qualifying subordinated debt instrument, the carrying amount that is eligible to be included in Tier 2 Capital is reduced by 20% of the original amount of the instrument (net of redemptions), in accordance with the U.S. Basel III rules.  
              (12) 
    Represents the amount of non-grandfathered trust preferred securities eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules, which will be fully phased-out of Tier 2 Capital by January 1, 2022.  
              (13) 
    Advanced Approaches banking organizations are permitted to include in Tier 2 Capital eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses to the extent that the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets.  
              (14) 
    Total Capital as calculated under Advanced Approaches, which differs from the Standardized Approach in the treatment of the amount of eligible credit reserves includable in Tier 2 Capital.  

40 

Citigroup Capital Rollforward Under Basel III (Advanced Approaches with Full Implementation)   

(1) 
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Citi issued approximately $2.5 billion of qualifying perpetual preferred stock with issuance costs of $37 million. In accordance with Federal Reserve Board regulatory reporting requirements, which differ from those under U.S. GAAP, such issuance costs are excluded from common stockholders  equity and netted against preferred stock. 

41 

Citigroup Risk-Weighted Assets Under Basel III (Full Implementation) at   September 30, 2016    

Citigroup Risk-Weighted Assets Under Basel III (Full Implementation) at   December 31, 2015 

Total risk-weighted assets under the Basel III Advanced Approaches increased from year-end 2015 substantially due to $12.1 billion in additional operational risk-weighted assets resulting from the implementation of certain enhancements to Citi s Advanced Measurement Approaches model during the third quarter of 2016.  
  Moreover, while credit risk-weighted assets under both the Basel III Advanced Approaches and Standardized Approach grew during the first nine months of 2016, although to a varying extent, these increases were partially offset by a relatively comparable decline in market risk-weighted assets. Credit risk-weighted assets increased on a net basis under both approaches over this period due to several factors, including higher derivative exposures and the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio, partially offset by divestitures of certain consumer businesses in Citi Holdings and dispositions of other non-strategic assets. Further contributing significantly to the increase in Basel III Advanced Approaches risk-weighted assets during the first nine months of 2016 was an increase in derivatives CVA. 

42 

Citigroup Risk-Weighted Assets Rollforward (Basel III Advanced Approaches with Full Implementation)  

(1) 
    Retail exposures decreased during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , in part, due to residential mortgage loan sales and repayments, and divestitures of certain Citi Holdings portfolios. The decrease in retail exposures during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was partially offset by the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio. 
              (2) 
    Wholesale exposures decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to decreases in commercial loans and loan commitments. Wholesale exposures decreased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to decreases in loan commitments, partially offset by increases in securities AFS and commercial loans. 
              (3) 
    Repo-style transactions decreased during the three months and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to exposure decreases and model enhancements. 
              (4) 
    Equity exposures decreased during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the sale of Citi s investment in China Guangfa Bank. 
              (5) 
    OTC derivatives decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to changes in fair value. OTC derivatives increased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by increased trade volume and model enhancements. 
              (6) 
    Derivatives CVA increased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by volatility and rating changes. Derivatives CVA increased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily driven by increased volatility, trade volume and model enhancements. 
              (7) 
    Other exposures include cleared transactions, unsettled transactions, assets other than those reportable in specific exposure categories and non-material portfolios.   
              (8) 
    Supervisory 6% multiplier does not apply to derivatives CVA.  
              (9) 
    Risk levels increased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to an increase in positions subject to standard specific risk charges as well as securitization charges, partially offset by a reduction in positions subject to de minimis charges.  
              (10) 
    Risk-weighted assets declined during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due to changes in model inputs regarding volatility and the correlation between market risk factors. 
              (11) 
    During the third quarter of 2016, operational risk-weighted assets increased by $12.1 billion due to the implementation of certain enhancements to Citi s Advanced Measurement Approaches model. 

43 

Supplementary Leverage Ratio 
  Citigroup s Supplementary Leverage ratio was 7.4% for  the third quarter of 2016, compared to 7.5% for the second quarter of 2016 and 7.1% for the fourth quarter of 2015. While Tier 1 Capital increased on a net basis quarter-over-quarter, nonetheless the decrease in the ratio was principally driven by an overall increase in Total Leverage Exposure, which was largely attributable to the growth in average on-balance sheet assets as well as increases in the  potential future exposure on derivative contracts and unconditionally cancellable commitments. The increase in the ratio from the fourth quarter of 2015 was principally  

driven by an increase in Tier 1 Capital attributable largely to net income of $11.3 billion and $2.5 billion of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock issuances, offset in part by the return of capital to common shareholders and an overall increase in Total Leverage Exposure.  
  The following table sets forth Citi s Supplementary Leverage ratio and related components, assuming full implementation under the U.S. Basel III rules, for the   three months ended   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

Citigroup Basel III Supplementary Leverage Ratio and Related Components (Full Implementation) 

(1) 
    Represents the daily average of on-balance sheet assets for the quarter. 
              (2) 
    Represents the average of certain off-balance sheet exposures calculated as of the last day of each month in the quarter.  
              (3) 
    Under the U.S. Basel III rules, banking organizations are required to include in TLE the effective notional amount of sold credit derivatives, with netting of exposures permitted if certain conditions are met.  
              (4) 
    Repo-style transactions include repurchase or reverse repurchase transactions and securities borrowing or securities lending transactions.  
         
  Citibank s Supplementary Leverage ratio, assuming full implementation under the U.S. Basel III rules, was 6.7% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 6.8% for the second quarter of 2016 and 6.7% for the fourth quarter of 2015. The ratio decreased quarter-over-quarter, as quarterly net income of $3.1 billion was more than offset by an overall increase in Total Leverage Exposure, as well as cash dividends paid by Citibank to its parent, Citicorp, and which were subsequently remitted to Citigroup. The ratio remained unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2015, as the Tier 1 Capital benefits associated with net income and beneficial net movements in AOCI were offset by an increase in Total Leverage Exposure and cash dividends paid by Citibank to its parent, Citicorp, and which were subsequently remitted to Citigroup. 

44 

Regulatory Capital Standards Developments 
  For additional information regarding other recent regulatory capital standards developments, see  Capital Resources Regulatory Capital Standards Developments  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q and Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q.       
    
  Policy Statement on U.S. Countercyclical Capital Buffer 
  In September 2016, the Federal Reserve Board released a final policy statement which sets forth the framework to be  followed in setting the amount of the U.S. Countercyclical 
  Capital Buffer applicable to Advanced Approaches banking organizations. Although substantially unchanged from the proposed policy statement released in December 2015, the final policy statement clarifies that the Countercyclical Capital Buffer would be increased above 0% when the Federal Reserve Board assesses that financial system vulnerabilities are above normal and are either already at, or expected to build to, levels sufficient to generate material unexpected losses in the event of an unfavorable development in financial markets or the economy. Moreover, the Federal Reserve Board expects to remove or reduce the Countercyclical Capital Buffer when the conditions that led to its activation abate or lessen, and when the release of capital would promote financial stability.  
  The Federal Reserve Board also stated that it would generally expect to provide notice to the public and seek comment on the proposed level of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer as part of making any final determination to change the Countercyclical Capital Buffer.  
  Separately, in October 2016, the Federal Reserve Board voted to affirm the Countercyclical Capital Buffer amount at the current level of 0%. In arriving at this determination, the Federal Reserve Board followed the framework detailed in the aforementioned policy statement. 
    
  Regulatory Treatment of Accounting for Expected Credit Losses 
  In October 2016, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel Committee) issued a consultative document and a discussion paper related to the regulatory treatment of accounting for expected credit losses under the Basel III regulatory capital framework. Both the International Accounting Standards Board and more recently the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board issued new accounting pronouncements related to impairment of financial assets that require the use of expected credit loss models rather than incurred loss models. Measuring impairment using expected credit loss models may result in higher accounting provisions for credit losses and consequently increased volatility in regulatory capital.  
  In the consultative document, the Basel Committee proposes to retain, for an interim period, the current regulatory treatment of accounting provisions for credit losses. The discussion paper considers various policy options for the long-term regulatory treatment of accounting provisions for credit losses. 

The U.S. banking agencies may revise the regulatory treatment of accounting provisions for credit losses under the U.S. Basel III rules in the future, based on any revisions adopted by the Basel Committee. 
  Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Holdings 
  In October 2016, the Basel Committee issued a final rule which amends the Basel III definition of regulatory capital to include a Tier 2 Capital deduction for investments by an internationally active bank (both GSIBs and non-GSIBs) in TLAC and certain other debt instruments issued by GSIBs that do not otherwise qualify as regulatory capital (i.e., TLAC holdings). Under the final rule, a Tier 2 Capital deduction is required under certain circumstances for investments in TLAC holdings which exceed certain thresholds, based on Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, as adjusted. Moreover, the final rule clarifies that any Common Equity Tier 1 Capital that is being used to meet the TLAC requirement cannot also be used to meet the regulatory capital buffers, including the GSIB surcharge. 
  The final rule becomes effective at the same time as the minimum TLAC requirements for each GSIB, that is January 1, 2019 for investments in most GSIBs, but may be later for certain others.  
  The Federal Reserve Board previously issued a proposed TLAC rule in November 2015 that includes an amendment to the U.S. Basel III definition of regulatory capital which would require a Tier 2 Capital deduction for investments in certain unsecured debt of GSIBs. In this regard, the Federal Reserve Board s proposed TLAC rule is largely similar to the Basel Committee s final rule on TLAC holdings.  

45 

Tangible Common Equity, Tangible Book Value Per Share and Book Value Per Share 
  Tangible common equity (TCE), as defined by Citi, represents common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets (other than MSRs). Other companies may calculate TCE in a different manner. TCE and tangible book value per share are non-GAAP financial measures.  

(1) 
    Identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) increased by approximately $2.2 billion as a result of the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio, as well as the renewal and extension of the co-branded credit card program agreement with American Airlines. For additional information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

46 

Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
    
                     MANAGING GLOBAL RISK 
      
    48 
      
      CREDIT RISK   (1)  
      
    49 
      
        Consumer Credit 
      
    49 
      
          GCB   Commercial Banking Exposure to the Energy and Energy-Related Sector 
      
    52 
      
        Corporate Credit 
      
    55 
      
        Additional Consumer and Corporate Credit Details 
      
    58 
      
       Loans Outstanding 
      
    58 
      
             Details of Credit Loss Experience  
      
    59 
      
             Allowance for Loan Losses 
      
    61 
      
             Non-Accrual Loans and Assets and Renegotiated Loans 
      
    62 
      
      LIQUIDITY RISK 
      
    67 
      
             High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) 
      
    67 
      
             Loans 
      
    68 
      
             Deposits 
      
    68 
      
             Long-Term Debt 
      
    69 
      
             Secured Funding Transactions and Short-Term Borrowings 
      
    71 
      
             Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
      
    72 
      
             Credit Ratings 
      
    73 
      
      MARKET RISK   (1)   
      
    75 
      
        Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios  
      
    75 
      
        Market Risk of Trading Portfolios  
      
    85 
      
      COUNTRY RISK 
      
    87 

(1)  
    For additional information regarding certain credit risk, market risk and other quantitative and qualitative information, refer to Citi s Pillar 3 Basel III Advanced Approaches Disclosures, as required by the rules of the Federal Reserve Board, on Citi s Investor Relations website. 

47 

MANAGING GLOBAL RISK 
    
  For Citi, effective risk management is of primary importance to its overall operations.  Accordingly, Citi s risk management process has been designed to monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks it assumes in conducting its activities.  Specifically, the activities that Citi engages in, and the risks those activities generate, must be consistent with Citi s mission and value proposition, the key principles that guide it, and Citi's risk appetite.   
  For more information on Citi s management of global risk, including its three lines of defense, see  Managing Global Risk  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

48 

CREDIT RISK 
    
    For additional information on credit risk, including Citi s credit risk management, measurement and stress testing, see  Credit Risk  and  Risk Factors  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

CONSUMER CREDIT 
    
  North America Consumer Mortgage Lending 
    
  Overview 
  Citi s   North     America   consumer mortgage portfolio consists of both residential first mortgages and home equity loans. At   September 30, 2016  , Citi s   North America   consumer mortgage portfolio was $74.7 billion (compared to $76.9 billion at June 30, 2016), of which the residential first mortgage portfolio was $54.7 billion (compared to $55.8 billion at June 30, 2016), and the home equity loan portfolio was $20.0 billion (compared to $21.1 billion at June 30, 2016). For additional information on Citi s   North America   consumer mortgage portfolio, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and  Credit Risk   North America   Consumer Mortgage Lending  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  North America Consumer Mortgage Residential First Mortgages 
  The following charts detail the quarterly outstanding loans and credit trends for Citi s residential first mortgage portfolio in   North America  .               North America Residential First Mortgage - EOP Loans 
  In billions of dollars 

North America Residential First Mortgage - Net Credit Losses 
  In millions of dollars 

Note: CMI refers to loans originated by CitiMortgage. CFNA refers to loans originated by CitiFinancial. Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
           (1) 
    Decrease in 4Q 15 EOP loans primarily reflected the transfer of CFNA residential first mortgages to held-for-sale and classification as   Other assets   at year-end 2015. This transfer did not impact net credit losses in 4Q 15. 
              (2) 
    Decrease in 1Q 16 net credit losses primarily reflected the transfer of CFNA residential first mortgage to held-for-sale and classification as   Other assets   at year-end 2015. 
              (3) 
    2Q 16 excludes a $23 million recovery of prior net credit losses related to the sale of CMI residential first mortgages during the quarter. 
              (4) 
    Year-over-year change in the S P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index. 
        
               North America Residential First Mortgage Delinquencies-Citi Holdings 
  In billions of dollars 

Note: Days past due excludes (i) U.S. mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies because the potential loss predominantly resides with the U.S. agencies, and (ii) loans recorded at fair value. Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
           (1) 
    Decrease in 4Q 15 delinquencies primarily reflected the transfer of CFNA residential first mortgages to held-for-sale and classification as   Other assets   at year-end 2015. 
       
  Overall changes in net credit losses and delinquencies in Citi s   North America   residential first mortgage portfolio during the current quarter were driven by, and will continue to be driven by, continued asset sales or transfers to held-for-sale as well as overall trends in HPI and interest rates. 

49 

North America Residential First Mortgages State Delinquency Trends 
  The following tables set forth the six U.S. states and/or regions with the highest concentration of Citi s residential first mortgages. 

Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
           (1) 
    Certain of the states are included as part of a region based on Citi s view of similar HPI within the region.  
              (2) 
    Ending net receivables. Excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico, loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, loans recorded at fair value and loans subject to long term standby commitments (LTSCs). Excludes balances for which FICO or LTV data are unavailable. 
              (3) 
    LTV ratios (loan balance divided by appraised value) are calculated at origination and updated by applying market price data. 
              (4) 
    New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Florida and Illinois are judicial states. 
         
  Foreclosures 
  A substantial majority of Citi s foreclosure inventory consists of residential first mortgages. At   September 30, 2016  , Citi s foreclosure inventory was approximately $0.1 billion, or 0.2%, of the total residential first mortgage portfolio, unchanged from June 30, 2016, based on the dollar amount of ending net receivables of loans in foreclosure inventory, excluding loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and loans subject to LTSCs. 
    
  North America Consumer Mortgage Home Equity Loans 
  Citi s home equity loan portfolio consists of both fixed-rate home equity loans and loans extended under home equity lines of credit. Fixed-rate home equity loans are fully amortizing. Home equity lines of credit allow for amounts to be drawn for a period of time with the payment of interest only and then, at the end of the draw period, the then-outstanding amount is converted to an amortizing loan (the interest-only payment feature during the revolving period is standard for this product across the industry). After conversion, the home equity loans typically have a 20-year amortization period. As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi s home equity loan portfolio of $20.0 billion consisted of $5.5 billion of fixed-rate home equity loans and $14.5 billion of loans extended under home equity lines of credit (Revolving HELOCs). 

Revolving HELOCs 
  Citi s $14.5 billion of Revolving HELOCs as of   September 30, 2016   consisted of $5.6 billion of loans that had commenced amortization (compared to $5.2 billion at June 30, 2016) and $8.9 billion of loans still within their revolving period that had not commenced amortization, or  reset  (compared to $10.0 billion at June 30, 2016). The following chart indicates the FICO and combined loan-to-value (CLTV) characteristics of Citi s Revolving HELOCs portfolio and the year in which they reset:               North America Home Equity Lines of Credit Amortization   Citigroup 
  Total ENR by Reset Year 
  In billions of dollars as of September 30, 2016 

Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
    
  Approximately 39% of Citi s total Revolving HELOCs portfolio had commenced amortization as of   September 30, 2016   (compared to 34% as of June 30, 2016). Of the remaining Revolving HELOCs portfolio, approximately 50% will commence amortization during the remainder of 2016 2017. Before commencing amortization, Revolving HELOC borrowers are required to pay only interest on their loans. Upon amortization, these borrowers will be required to pay both interest, usually at a variable rate, and principal that  

50 

amortizes typically over 20 years, rather than the typical 30-year amortization. As a result, Citi s customers with Revolving HELOCs that reset could experience  payment shock  due to the higher required payments on the loans.   
  While it is not certain what ultimate impact this payment shock could have on Citi s delinquency rates and net credit losses, Citi currently estimates that the monthly loan payment for its Revolving HELOCs that reset during the remainder of 2016 2017 could increase on average by approximately $370, or 155%. Increases in interest rates could further increase these payments given the variable nature of the interest rates on these loans post-reset. Of the Revolving HELOCs that will commence amortization during the remainder of 2016 2017, approximately $0.3 billion, or 5%, of the loans have a CLTV greater than 100% as of   September 30, 2016  . Borrowers  high loan-to-value positions, as well as the cost and availability of refinancing options, could limit borrowers  ability to refinance their Revolving HELOCs as these loans begin to reset. 
  Approximately 6.5% of the Revolving HELOCs that have begun amortization as of   September 30, 2016   were 30+ days past due, compared to 3.7% of the total outstanding home equity loan portfolio (amortizing and non-amortizing). This compared to 6.5% and 3.5%, respectively, as of June 30, 2016. As newly amortizing loans continue to season, the delinquency rate of the amortizing Revolving HELOC portfolio and total home equity loan portfolio is expected to increase. Delinquencies on newly amortizing loans have tended to peak between four and six months after reset. Resets to date have generally occurred during a period of historically low interest rates, improving HPI and a favorable economic environment, which Citi believes has likely reduced the overall  payment shock  to the borrower.  
  Citi continues to monitor this reset risk closely and will continue to consider any potential impact in determining its allowance for loan loss reserves. In addition, management continues to review and take additional actions to offset potential reset risk, such as a borrower outreach program to provide reset risk education and proactively working with high-risk borrowers through a specialized single point of contact unit. For further information on reset risk, see  Risk Factors Credit and Market Risks  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Net Credit Losses and Delinquencies 
  The following charts detail the quarterly outstanding loans and credit trends for Citi s home equity loan portfolio in   North America  : 
               North America Home Equity - EOP Loans 
  In billions of dollars 

North America Home Equity - Net Credit Losses 
  In millions of dollars 

Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
           (1) 
    2Q 16 excludes a non-recurring benefit to net credit losses of approximately $13 million associated with certain previously charged-off loans. 

North America Home Equity Loan Delinquencies - Citi Holdings 
  In billions of dollars 

Note:  Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
    
  Given the limited market in which to sell delinquent home equity loans to date, as well as the relatively smaller number of home equity loan modifications and modification programs (see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), Citi s ability to reduce delinquencies or net credit losses in its home equity loan portfolio in Citi Holdings, whether pursuant to deterioration of the underlying credit performance of these loans, the reset of the Revolving HELOCs (as discussed above) or otherwise, is more limited as compared to residential first mortgages. 

51 

North America Home Equity Loans State Delinquency Trends 
  The following tables set forth the six U.S. states and/or regions with the highest concentration of Citi s home equity loans: 

Note:  Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
           (1) 
    Certain of the states are included as part of a region based on Citi s view of similar HPI within the region.  
              (2) 
    Ending net receivables. Excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to LTSCs. Excludes balances for which FICO or LTV data are unavailable. 
              (3) 
    Represents combined loan-to-value (CLTV) for both residential first mortgages and home equity loans.  CLTV ratios (loan balance divided by appraised value) are calculated at origination and updated by applying market price data. 
              (4) 
    New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Indiana, Ohio, Florida and Illinois are judicial states.     

GCB   Commercial Banking Exposure to the Energy and Energy-Related Sector 
  In addition to the total corporate credit exposure to the energy and energy-related sector described under  Corporate Credit  below, Citi s commercial banking business, reported within   GCB   retail banking, had total credit exposure to the energy and energy-related sector of approximately $2.0 billion as of September 30, 2016, with approximately $1.4 billion of direct outstanding funded loans, or 4%, of the total outstanding commercial banking loans. This was unchanged from June 30, 2016. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, approximately 89% of commercial banking s total credit exposure to the energy and energy-related sector was in the U.S., relatively unchanged from June 30, 2016. Approximately 39% of commercial banking s total energy and energy-related exposure was rated investment grade at September 30, 2016, compared to approximately 29% as of June 30, 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, Citi released additional energy and energy-related loan loss reserves by approximately $32 million, and incurred net credit losses of approximately $19 million on this commercial banking portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, Citi held loan loss reserves against its funded energy and energy-related commercial banking loans equal to approximately 8.7% of these loans (compared to approximately 9.8% as of June 30, 2016). 

52 

Additional Consumer Credit Details 
    
  Consumer Loan Delinquency Amounts and Ratios 

(1) 
    End-of-period (EOP) loans include interest and fees on credit cards. 
              (2) 
    The ratios of 90+ days past due and 30 89 days past due are calculated based on EOP loans, net of unearned income. 
              (3) 
    The 90+ days past due balances for   North America Citi-branded   and   North America Citi retail services   are generally still accruing interest. Citigroup s policy is generally to accrue interest on credit card loans until 180 days past due, unless notification of bankruptcy filing has been received earlier. 
               (5) 
    Asia   includes delinquencies and loans in certain   EMEA   countries for all periods presented. 
              (6) 
    The 90+ days and 30 89 days past due and related ratios for Citi Holdings   North America   exclude U.S. mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities since the potential loss predominantly resides within the U.S. government-sponsored entities. The amounts excluded for loans 90+ days past  
     
   53 

due (and EOP loans) were $1.0 billion ($1.5 billion), $1.2 billion ($1.8 billion) and $1.7 billion ($2.6 billion) at September 30, 2016,  June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively. The amounts excluded for loans 30 89 days past due (EOP loans have the same adjustment as above) for each period were $0.1 billion,  $0.2 billion and $0.3 billion at September 30, 2016,  June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively. 
            (8) 
    Represents loans classified as   Consumer loans   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet that are not included in the Citi Holdings consumer credit metrics. 
       
  Consumer Loan Net Credit Losses and Ratios 

(1) 
    Average loans include interest and fees on credit cards. 
              (2) 
    The ratios of net credit losses are calculated based on average loans, net of unearned income. 
              (3) 
    As a result of the entry into an agreement to sell OneMain Financial (OneMain), OneMain was classified as held-for-sale (HFS) beginning March 31, 2015.  As a result of HFS accounting treatment, approximately $116 million of net credit losses (NCLs) were recorded as a reduction in revenue (  Other revenue  ) during the third quarter of 2015. Accordingly, these NCLs are not included in this table. Loans HFS are excluded from this table as they are recorded in   Other assets  . 
              (4) 
    Asia   includes NCLs and average loans in certain   EMEA   countries for all periods presented. 

54 

CORPORATE CREDIT  
  Consistent with its overall strategy, Citi s corporate clients are typically large, multi-national corporations which value Citi s global network. Citi aims to establish relationships with these clients that encompass multiple products, consistent with client needs, including cash management and trade services, foreign exchange, lending, capital markets and M A advisory.  
    
  Corporate Credit Portfolio 
  The following table sets forth Citi s corporate credit portfolio within   ICG   (excluding private bank), before consideration of collateral or hedges, by remaining tenor for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    Includes drawn loans, overdrafts, bankers  acceptances and leases.  
              (2) 
    Includes unused commitments to lend, letters of credit and financial guarantees. 
         
  Portfolio Mix Geography, Counterparty and Industry 
  Citi s corporate credit portfolio is diverse across geography and counterparty. The following table shows the percentage by region based on Citi s internal management geography: 

The maintenance of accurate and consistent risk ratings across the corporate credit portfolio facilitates the comparison of credit exposure across all lines of business, geographic regions and products. Counterparty risk ratings reflect an estimated probability of default for a counterparty and are derived primarily through the use of validated statistical models, scorecard models and external agency ratings (under defined circumstances), in combination with consideration of factors specific to the obligor or market, such as management experience, competitive position,  regulatory environment and commodity prices. Facility risk ratings are assigned that reflect the probability of default of  

the obligor and factors that affect the loss-given-default of the facility, such as support or collateral. Internal obligor ratings that generally correspond to BBB and above are  
  considered investment grade, while those below are considered non-investment grade. 
  Citigroup also has incorporated climate risk assessment and reporting criteria for certain obligors, as necessary. Factors evaluated include consideration of climate risk to an  
  obligor s business and physical assets and, when relevant, consideration of cost-effective options to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
  The following table presents the corporate credit portfolio by facility risk rating as a percentage of the total corporate credit portfolio: 

Note: Total exposure includes direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments.  

55 

Citi s corporate credit portfolio is also diversified by industry. The following table shows the allocation of Citi s  total corporate credit portfolio by industry: 

Note: Total exposure includes direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments.  
  (1)    In addition to this exposure, Citi has energy-related exposure within the  Public sector  (e.g., energy-related state-owned entities) and  Transportation and industrial  sector (e.g., off-shore drilling entities) included in the table above. As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi s total exposure to these energy-related entities remained largely consistent with the prior quarter, at approximately $7 billion, of which approximately $4 billion consisted of direct outstanding funded loans.   
    
  Exposure to the Energy and Energy-Related Sector 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi s total corporate credit exposure to the energy and energy-related sector (see footnote 1 to the table above) was $55.0 billion, with $20.6 billion consisting of direct outstanding funded loans, or 3%, of Citi s total outstanding loans.  This compared to $56.9 billion of total exposure and $22.1 billion of funded loans as of June 30, 2016. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately 72% of   ICG   s total corporate credit energy and energy-related exposure was in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada     (unchanged from June 30, 2016).   Also as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately 74% of Citi s total energy and energy-related exposures were rated investment grade (compared to approximately 73% at June 30, 2016).  
  During the   third   quarter of 2016, Citi released approximately $35 million of energy and energy-related loan loss reserves and recognized a $1 million recovery in the energy and energy-related loan portfolio.  As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi held loan loss reserves against its funded energy and energy-related loans equal to approximately 4.0% of these loans (up slightly from 3.9% at June 30, 2016), with a funded reserve ratio of approximately  

10.6% on the non-investment grade portion of the portfolio (up slightly from 10.2% as of June 30, 2016).   
  For information on Citi s energy and energy-related exposures within   GCB   s commercial banking business within retail banking, see  Commercial Credit   GCB   Commercial Banking Exposure to the Energy and Energy-Related Sector  above. 
    
  Exposure to Banks, Broker-Dealers and Finance Companies 
  As of September 30, 2016, Citi s total corporate credit exposure to banks, broker-dealers and finance companies was approximately $36 billion, of which $25 billion represented direct outstanding funded loans, or 4% of Citi s total outstanding loans. Also as of September 30, 2016, approximately 80% of Citi s bank, broker-dealers and finance companies total corporate credit exposure was rated investment grade. Included in the amounts noted above, as of September 30, 2016, Citi s total corporate credit exposure to banks was approximately $22 billion, with approximately $17 billion consisting of direct outstanding funded loans, or 3% of Citi s total outstanding loans. Of the approximately $22 billion as of September 30, 2016, approximately 31% related to   Asia  , 31% related to   EMEA  , 16% related to   North America   and 22% related to   Latin America  . Approximately two-thirds of Citi s total corporate credit exposure to banks had a tenor of less than 12 months as of September 30, 2016. 
  In addition to the corporate lending exposures described 
  above, Citi has additional exposure to banks, broker-dealers 
  and finance companies in the form of derivatives and 
  securities financing transactions, which are typically 
  executed as repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements or 
  securities loaned or borrowed arrangements. As of September 30, 2016, Citi had net derivative credit exposure to banks, broker-dealers and finance companies of approximately $9 billion after the application of netting arrangements, legally enforceable margin agreements and other collateral arrangements. The collateral considered as part of the net derivative credit exposure was represented primarily by high quality, liquid assets. As of September 30, 2016, Citi had net credit exposure to banks, broker-dealers and finance companies in the form of securities financing transactions of $5 billion after the application of netting and collateral arrangements. The collateral considered in the net exposure for the securities financing transactions exposure was primarily cash and highly liquid investment grade securities. 

56 

Credit Risk Mitigation 
  As part of its overall risk management activities, Citigroup uses credit derivatives and other risk mitigants to hedge portions of the credit risk in its corporate credit portfolio, in addition to outright asset sales. The results of the mark-to-market and any realized gains or losses on credit derivatives are reflected primarily in   Other revenue   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , June 30, 2016 and   December 31, 2015  , $37.8 billion, $37.6 billion and $34.5 billion, respectively, of the corporate credit portfolio was economically hedged. Citigroup s expected loss model used in the calculation of its loan loss reserve does not include the favorable impact of credit derivatives and other mitigants that are marked to market. In addition, the reported amounts of direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments in the tables above do not reflect the impact of these hedging transactions. The credit protection was economically hedging underlying corporate credit portfolio exposures with the following risk rating distribution: 
    
  Rating of Hedged Exposure 

The credit protection was economically hedging underlying corporate credit portfolio exposures with the following industry distribution: 
    
  Industry of Hedged Exposure 

57 

ADDITIONAL CONSUMER AND CORPORATE CREDIT DETAILS 
    
  Loans Outstanding 

(1) 
    Loans secured primarily by real estate. 
              (2) 
    Unearned income on consumer loans primarily represents unamortized origination fees, costs, premiums and discounts.  Prior to December 31, 2015, these items were more than offset by prepaid interest on loans outstanding issued by OneMain Financial. The sale of OneMain Financial was completed on November 16, 2015. 
              (3) 
    Unearned income on corporate loans primarily represents interest received in advance but not yet earned on loans originated on a discount basis. 
              (4) 
    All periods exclude loans that are carried at fair value. 
     
   58 

Details of Credit Loss Experience 

(1) 
    Recoveries have been reduced by certain collection costs that are incurred only if collection efforts are successful. 
              (2) 
    Includes all adjustments to the allowance for credit losses, such as changes in the allowance from acquisitions, dispositions, securitizations, FX translation, purchase accounting adjustments, etc. 
              (3) 
    The third quarter of 2016 includes a reduction of approximately $58 million related to the sale or transfers to held-for-sale (HFS) of various loan portfolios, including a reduction of $50 million related to the transfers of a real estate loan portfolio to HFS. Additionally, the third quarter includes a reduction of approximately $46 million related to FX translation. 
     
   59 

(4) 
    The second quarter of 2016 includes a reduction of approximately $101 million related to the sale or transfers to HFS of various loan portfolios, including a reduction of $24 million related to the transfers of a real estate loan portfolio to HFS. Additionally, the second quarter includes a reduction of approximately $75 million related to FX translation. 
              (5) 
    The first quarter of 2016 includes a reduction of approximately $148 million related to the sale or transfers to HFS of various loan portfolios, including a reduction of $29 million related to the transfers of a real estate loan portfolio to HFS. Additionally, the first quarter includes an increase of approximately $63 million related to FX translation. 
              (6) 
    The fourth quarter of 2015 includes a reduction of approximately $1.1 billion related to the sale or transfers to HFS of various loan portfolios, including a reduction of $1.1 billion related to the transfers of a real estate loan portfolio to HFS. Additionally, the fourth quarter includes a reduction of approximately $35 million related to FX translation. 
              (7) 
    The fourth quarter of 2015 includes a reclassification of $271 million of   Allowance for loan losses   to allowance for unfunded lending commitments, included in the Other line item. This reclassification reflects the re-attribution of $271 million in allowance for credit losses between the funded and unfunded portions of the corporate credit portfolios and does not reflect a change in the underlying credit performance of these portfolios. 
              (8) 
    The third quarter of 2015 includes a reduction of approximately $110 million related to the sale or transfers to HFS of various loan portfolios, including a reduction of $14 million related to a transfer of a real estate loan portfolio to HFS.  Additionally, the third quarter includes a reduction of approximately $255 million related to FX translation. 
               (10) 
    Represents additional credit reserves recorded as   Other liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
              (11) 
    Allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large individually evaluated impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings. See  Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates  and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Attribution of the allowance is made for analytical purposes only and the entire allowance is available to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the overall portfolio. 
     
   60 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

(1) 
    Allowance as a percentage of loans excludes loans that are carried at fair value. 
              (2) 
    Includes both Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services. The   $5.0 billion   of loan loss reserves represented approximately 17 months of coincident net credit loss coverage. 
               (4) 
    Includes mortgages and other retail loans. 

(1) 
    Allowance as a percentage of loans excludes loans that are carried at fair value. 
              (2) 
    Includes both Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services. The $4.5 billion of loan loss reserves represented approximately 15 months of coincident net credit loss coverage. 
               (4) 
    Includes mortgages and other retail loans. 
     
   61 

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets and Renegotiated Loans 
  There is a certain amount of overlap among non-accrual loans and assets and renegotiated loans. The following summary provides a general description of each category: 
    
  Non-Accrual Loans and Assets: 
             
    Corporate and consumer (commercial market) non-accrual status is based on the determination that payment of interest or principal is doubtful. 
                
    A corporate loan may be classified as non-accrual and still be performing under the terms of the loan structure.  Payments received on corporate non-accrual loans are generally applied to loan principal and not reflected as interest income.  Approximately 67% of Citi s corporate non-accrual loans were performing at   September 30, 2016  , compared to 66% at June 30, 2016. 
                
    Consumer non-accrual status is generally based on aging, i.e., the borrower has fallen behind on payments. 
                
    Mortgage loans in regulated bank entities discharged through Chapter 7 bankruptcy, other than FHA insured loans, are classified as non-accrual.  Non-bank mortgage loans discharged through Chapter 7 bankruptcy are classified as non-accrual at 90 days or more past due. In addition, home equity loans in regulated bank entities are classified as non-accrual if the related residential first mortgage loan is 90 days or more past due. 
                
    North America   Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services are not included because, under industry standards, credit card loans accrue interest until such loans are charged off, which typically occurs at 180 days contractual delinquency. 
     Renegotiated Loans: 
             
    Includes both corporate and consumer loans whose terms have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). 
                
    Includes both accrual and non-accrual TDRs. 

62 

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets 
  The table below summarizes Citigroup s non-accrual loans as of the periods indicated. Non-accrual loans may still be current on interest payments. In situations where Citi reasonably expects that only a portion of the principal owed will ultimately be collected, all payments received are reflected as a reduction of principal and not as interest income. For all other non-accrual loans, cash interest receipts are generally recorded as revenue.  

As set forth in the tables below, Citi s corporate non-accrual loans within Citicorp decreased during the third  quarter of 2016 by 2% or approximately $45 million, driven primarily by energy and energy-related exposures in   North America   last quarter (for additional information on these exposures, see  Corporate Credit  above).  

(2) 
    The increases in corporate non-accrual loans in the first quarter of 2016 primarily related to Citi s   North America and EMEA   energy and energy-related corporate credit exposure. 
       (3)    The December 31, 2015 decline includes the impact related to the transfer of approximately $8 billion of mortgage loans to Loans, held-for-sale (HFS) (included within   Other assets  ).  
    (4)      Asia GCB   includes balances in certain   EMEA   countries for all periods presented. 

63 

The changes in Citigroup s non-accrual loans were as follows: 

64 

The table below summarizes Citigroup s other real estate owned (OREO) assets as of the periods indicated. This represents the carrying value of all real estate property acquired by foreclosure or other legal proceedings when Citi has taken possession of the collateral: 

(1) 
    The allowance for loan losses includes the allowance for Citi s credit card portfolios and purchased distressed loans, while the non-accrual loans exclude credit card balances (with the exception of certain international portfolios) and purchased distressed loans as these continue to accrue interest until charge-off. 
              (2) 
    The December 31, 2015 decline includes the impact related to the transfer of approximately $8 billion of mortgage loans to   Loans  , held-for-sale (HFS) (included within   Other assets  ).  

65 

Renegotiated Loans 
  The following table presents Citi s loans modified in TDRs. 

(2) 
    In addition to modifications reflected as TDRs at   September 30, 2016  , Citi also modified $252 million commercial loans risk rated  Substandard Non-Performing  or worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) all within offices in the U.S. These modifications were not considered TDRs because the modifications did not involve a concession (a required element of a TDR for accounting purposes). 
              (3) 
    In addition to modifications reflected as TDRs at   September 30, 2016  , Citi also modified $13 million of commercial real estate loans risk rated  Substandard Non-Performing  or worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) in offices inside the U.S. These modifications were not considered TDRs because the modifications did not involve a concession (a required element of a TDR for accounting purposes). 

66 

LIQUIDITY RISK 
    
  For additional information on funding and liquidity at Citigroup, including its objectives, management and measurement, see  Liquidity Risk  and  Risk Factors  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) 

Note: Except as indicated, amounts set forth in the table above are as of period end and may increase or decrease intra-period in the ordinary course of business. For securities, the amounts represent the liquidity value that potentially could be realized, and thus exclude any securities that are encumbered, as well as the haircuts that would be required for securities financing transactions. As previously disclosed (see  Liquidity Risk  in the First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q), the Federal Reserve Board has proposed requiring disclosure of HQLA, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and related components on an average basis each quarter, as compared to end-of-period.  Citi has presented the average information on these metrics currently available, which includes average total HQLA, average LCR and average net outflows under the LCR for the periods 3Q 16 and 2Q 16; 3Q 15 and other component information is not currently available. 
           (1)  
     Non-Bank and Other  includes the parent holding company (Citigroup), Citi s broker-dealer subsidiaries and other non-bank subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup as well as Citibanamex and Citibank (Switzerland) AG. Citibanamex and Citibank (Switzerland) AG account for approximately $7 billion of the  Non-Bank and Other  HQLA balance as of September 30, 2016. 
              (2) 
    Foreign government debt includes securities issued or guaranteed by foreign sovereigns, agencies and multilateral development banks. Foreign government debt securities are held largely to support local liquidity requirements and Citi s local franchises, and principally include government bonds from Hong Kong, Korea, Singapore, India, Brazil and Mexico.  
         
  As set forth in the table above, sequentially, Citi s total HQLA increased on an end-of-period basis but declined on an average basis. The end-of-period increase was primarily driven by an increase in available cash at Citibank due to an increase in Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) borrowings (see  Secured Funding Transactions and Short-Term Borrowings  below), while the reduction in the average was mainly attributable to higher average loan and non-HQLA trading asset growth.  
  Citi s HQLA as set forth above does not include Citi s additional available borrowing capacity from the FHLBs of which Citi is a member, which was approximately $24 billion as of   September 30, 2016   (compared to $37 billion as of June 30, 2016 and $36 billion as of   September 30, 2015  ) and maintained by eligible collateral pledged to such banks. The HQLA also does not include Citi s borrowing capacity at the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank discount window or other central banks, which would be in addition to the resources noted above. 
  In general, Citi s liquidity is fungible across legal entities within its bank group. Citi s bank subsidiaries, including Citibank, can lend to the Citi parent and broker-dealer entities in accordance with Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. As of   September 30, 2016  , the capacity available for lending to these entities under Section 23A was approximately $15 billion, unchanged from June 30, 2016 and compared to $17  

billion as of   September 30, 2015  , subject to certain eligible non-cash collateral requirements.   

67 

Loans 
  The table below sets forth the end-of-period loans, by business and/or segment, and the total average loans for each of the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    Includes loans in certain   EMEA   countries for all periods presented. 
       
  As set forth on the table above, end-of-period loans increased 3% year-over-year and 1% quarter-over-quarter, both on a reported basis and excluding the impact of FX translation, as growth in Citicorp offset continued reductions in Citi Holdings. 
  Excluding the impact of FX translation, Citicorp loans increased 7% year-over-year.   GCB   loans grew 7% year-over-year, driven by 13% growth in   North America.   Within   North America,   Citi-branded cards increased 25% year-over-year, primarily due to the acquisition of the Costco portfolio towards the end of the second quarter of 2016.     International   GCB   loans declined 1%, as continued growth in Mexico was more than offset by a 4% decline in   Asia   reflecting the product repositioning of     the retail portfolio in this region away from lower return mortgage loans.   ICG   loans increased 6% year-over-year. Within   ICG  , corporate loans increased 1% primarily driven by the funding of transaction-related commitments to target market clients, partially offset by loan sale activity. On an average basis, the corporate lending portfolio increased 4%. Treasury and trade solutions loans declined 2% as the business continued to support its clients while distributing trade loan originations to optimize the balance sheet in a continued low rate environment. Private bank and markets and securities services loans grew 19% year-over-year. Private bank growth was primarily driven by real estate and investment-related lending to target clients as Citi sought to deepen client relationships at attractive return levels. Markets growth included lending to target clients in advance of capital markets issuance. 

Citi Holdings loans decreased 35% year-over-year driven by $17 billion of reductions in   North America   mortgages, including transfers to held-for-sale (see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  
    
  Deposits 
  The table below sets forth the end-of-period deposits, by business and/or segment, and the total average deposits for each of the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    Includes deposits in certain   EMEA   countries     for all periods presented. 
       
  End-of-period deposits increased 4% year-over-year and remained relatively unchanged quarter-over-quarter, both on a reported basis and excluding the impact of FX translation. 
  Excluding the impact of FX translation, Citicorp deposits grew 5% year-over-year. Within Citicorp,   GCB   deposits increased 5% year-over-year, driven by broad-based growth across all regions.   ICG   deposits increased 4% year-over-year, driven primarily by treasury and trade solutions, as the business continued to support client activity.  

68 

Long-Term Debt  
  The weighted-average maturities of unsecured long-term debt issued by Citigroup and its affiliates (including Citibank) with a remaining life greater than one year (excluding remaining trust preferred securities outstanding) was approximately 7.0 years as of   September 30, 2016  , unchanged sequentially and an increase from 6.8 years in the prior-year period. The increase year-over-year was due primarily to the issuance of longer-dated debt securities during the third quarter of 2016, including in response to proposed total loss-absorbing capacity, or TLAC, requirements (for additional information on TLAC, see  Liquidity Risk Long-Term Debt Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)  and  Risk Factors Liquidity Risks  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
  Citi s long-term debt outstanding at the parent includes senior and subordinated debt and what Citi refers to as customer-related debt, consisting of structured notes, such as equity- and credit-linked notes, as well as non-structured notes. Citi s issuance of customer-related debt is generally driven by customer demand and supplements benchmark debt issuance as a source of funding for Citi s parent entities. Citi s long-term debt at the bank also includes FHLB advances and securitizations.  

Long-Term Debt Outstanding 
  The following table sets forth Citi s total long-term debt outstanding for the periods indicated: 

Note: Amounts represent the current value of long-term debt on Citi s Consolidated Balance Sheet which, for certain debt instruments, includes consideration of fair value, hedging impacts and unamortized discounts and premiums. 
           (1) 
     Parent and other  includes long-term debt issued to third parties by the parent holding company (Citigroup) and Citi s non-bank subsidiaries (including broker-dealer subsidiaries) that are consolidated into Citigroup. As of September 30, 2016  parent and other  included $8.3 billion of long-term debt issued by Citi s broker-dealer subsidiaries. 
              (2) 
    Local country debt includes debt issued by Citi s affiliates in support of their local operations. 
              (3) 
    Predominantly credit card securitizations, primarily backed by Citi-branded credit card receivables. 
       
  Year-over-year, Citi s total long-term debt outstanding decreased primarily due to continued reductions in securitizations at the bank entities. 
  As part of its liability management and to assist it in meeting regulatory changes and requirements, Citi has considered, and may continue to consider, opportunities to repurchase its long-term debt pursuant to open market purchases, tender offers or other means. Such repurchases help reduce Citi s overall funding costs. During the third quarter of 2016, Citi repurchased an aggregate of approximately $1.6 billion of its outstanding long-term debt.   

69 

Long-Term Debt Issuances and Maturities 
  The table below details Citi s long-term debt issuances and maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) during the periods presented: 

The table below shows Citi s aggregate long-term debt maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) year-to-date in 2016, as well as its aggregate expected annual long-term debt maturities as of   September 30, 2016  :   

70 

Resolution Plan 
  Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act), Citigroup has developed a  single point of entry  resolution strategy and plan under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Resolution Plan).  Under Citi s Resolution Plan, only Citigroup, the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup s key operating subsidiaries, including Citibank, N.A., among others, would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings.  Citigroup believes its Resolution Plan has been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup s creditors, including its unsecured long-term debt holders. In addition, in line with the Federal Reserve Board s TLAC proposal, Citigroup believes it has developed the Resolution Plan so that Citigroup s shareholders and unsecured creditors - including its unsecured long-term debt holders - bear any losses resulting from Citigroup s bankruptcy.  For additional information on the Federal Reserve Board s TLAC proposal, see  Risk Factors - Liquidity Risks  and  Liquidity Risk-Long-Term Debt-Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)  in Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve Board and FDIC (the Agencies) on Citi s 2015 Resolution Plan, Citi currently expects to take the following actions in connection with its 2017 Resolution Plan submission (to be submitted by July 1, 2017): 
    
           (i) 
    Citicorp, an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup and current parent company of Citibank, N.A., would be established as an intermediate holding company (an IHC) for some or all of Citigroup s key operating subsidiaries; 
              (ii) 
    subject to final approval of the Board of Directors of Citigroup, Citigroup would execute an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup s key operating subsidiaries and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp would be required to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup s key operating subsidiaries in the event Citigroup were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (Citi Support Agreement);  
              (iii) 
    pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
                
    upon execution, Citigroup would make an initial contribution of assets, including certain HQLA and inter-affiliate loans (Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp would then become the business as usual funding vehicle for certain of Citigroup s key operating subsidiaries; 
                
    Citigroup would be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup to, among other things, meet Citigroup s near-term cash needs;  
                
    in the event of a Citigroup bankruptcy, Citigroup would be required to contribute most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and 

(iv) 
    the obligations of both Citigroup and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as the Contributable Assets, would be secured pursuant to a security agreement. 
       
  Citigroup also expects that the Citi Support Agreement will provide two mechanisms, besides Citicorp s issuing of dividends to Citigroup, pursuant to which Citicorp would be required to transfer cash to Citigroup during business as usual so that Citigroup can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs:  (i) one or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup; and (ii) a committed line of credit under which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup.   
    
  Secured Funding Transactions and Short-Term Borrowings 
  Citi supplements its primary sources of funding with short-term borrowings. Short-term borrowings generally include (i) secured funding transactions (securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, or repos) and (ii) to a lesser extent, short-term borrowings consisting of commercial paper and borrowings from the FHLB and other market participants. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on Citigroup s and its affiliates  outstanding short-term borrowings.  
  Outside of secured funding transactions, Citi s short-term borrowings increased both year-over-year (a 25% increase) and sequentially (a 60% increase) driven by an increase in FHLB borrowing, as Citi purposefully replaced corporate CDs to optimize liquidity across its legal vehicles. 
    
  Secured Funding 
  Secured funding is primarily accessed through Citi s broker-dealer subsidiaries to fund efficiently both secured lending activity and a portion of securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities. Citi also executes a smaller portion of its secured funding transactions through its bank entities, which is typically collateralized by foreign government debt securities. Generally, daily changes in the level of Citi s secured funding are primarily due to fluctuations in secured lending activity in the matched book (as described below) and securities inventory.  
  Secured funding of $153 billion as of   September 30, 2016   declined 9% from the prior-year period and 3% sequentially.     Excluding the impact of FX translation, secured funding decreased 7% from the prior-year period and 3% sequentially, both driven by normal business activity. Average balances for secured funding were approximately $158 billion for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  The portion of secured funding in the broker-dealer subsidiaries that funds secured lending is commonly referred to as  matched book  activity. The majority of this activity is secured by high quality, liquid securities such as U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and foreign government debt securities. Other secured funding is secured by less liquid securities, including equity securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. The tenor of Citi s matched book liabilities is generally equal to or longer than the tenor of the corresponding matched book assets. 

71 

The remainder of the secured funding activity in the broker-dealer subsidiaries serves to fund securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities. To maintain reliable funding under a wide range of market conditions, including under periods of stress, Citi manages these activities by taking into consideration the quality of the underlying collateral, and stipulating financing tenor. The weighted average maturity of Citi s secured funding of less liquid securities inventory was greater than 110 days as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Citi manages the risks in its secured funding by conducting daily stress tests to account for changes in capacity, tenors, haircut, collateral profile and client actions. Additionally, Citi maintains counterparty diversification by establishing concentration triggers and assessing counterparty reliability and stability under stress. Citi generally sources secured funding from more than 150 counterparties. 
    
  Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
  In addition to internal measures that Citi has developed for a 30-day stress scenario, Citi also monitors its liquidity by reference to the LCR, as calculated pursuant to the U.S. LCR rules (for additional information, see  Liquidity Risk  in each of Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and First Quarter 2016 Form 10-Q). The table below sets forth the components of Citi s LCR calculation and HQLA in excess of net outflows as of the periods indicated: 

Note:  Amounts for 3Q 16 and 2Q 16 set forth in the table above are presented on an average basis; amounts for 3Q 15 are presented end-of-period.  Accordingly, data in 3Q 16 and 2Q 16 is not directly comparable to data in 3Q 15. 
  As set forth in the table above, sequentially, Citi s LCR decreased slightly, reflecting both the decrease in average HQLA (as described above) and a slight decline in average net outflows due primarily to a reduction in average unsecured long-term debt maturing within 30 days.  

72 

Credit Ratings 
  The table below sets forth the ratings for Citigroup and Citibank as of   September 30, 2016  .  While not included in the table below, the long-term and short-term ratings of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (CGMI) were A/A-1 at Standard   Poor s and A+/F1 at Fitch as of   September 30, 2016  .  The long-term and short-term ratings of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) were BBB+/A-2 at Standard   Poor s and A/F1 at Fitch as of September 30, 2016. 

Citigroup Inc. 
    Citibank, N.A. 
        
    Senior 
  debt 
    Commercial 
  paper 
    Outlook 
    Long- 
  term 
    Short- 
  term 
    Outlook 
      Fitch Ratings (Fitch) 
    A 
    F1 
    Stable 
    A+ 
    F1 
    Stable 
      Moody s Investors Service (Moody s) 
    Baa1 
    P-2 
    Stable 
    A1 
    P-1 
    Stable 
      Standard   Poor s (S P) 
    BBB+ 
    A-2 
    Stable 
    A 
    A-1 
    Watch Positive 

Potential Impacts of Ratings Downgrades 
  Ratings downgrades by Moody s, Fitch or S P could negatively impact Citigroup s and/or Citibank s funding and liquidity due to reduced funding capacity, including derivative triggers, which could take the form of cash obligations and collateral requirements. 
  The following information is provided for the purpose of analyzing the potential funding and liquidity impact to Citigroup and Citibank of a hypothetical, simultaneous  
  ratings downgrade across all three major rating agencies. This analysis is subject to certain estimates, estimation methodologies, and judgments and uncertainties. Uncertainties include potential ratings limitations that certain entities may have with respect to permissible counterparties, as well as general subjective counterparty behavior. For example, certain corporate customers and markets counterparties could re-evaluate their business relationships with Citi and limit transactions in certain contracts or market instruments with Citi. Changes in counterparty behavior could impact Citi s funding and liquidity, as well as the results of operations of certain of its businesses. The actual impact to Citigroup or Citibank is unpredictable and may differ materially from the potential funding and liquidity impacts described below. For additional information on the impact of credit rating changes on Citi and its applicable subsidiaries, see  Risk Factors  Liquidity Risks   in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Citigroup Inc. and Citibank Potential Derivative Triggers 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi estimates that a hypothetical one-notch downgrade of the senior debt/long-term rating of Citigroup Inc. across all three major rating agencies could impact Citigroup s funding and liquidity due to derivative triggers by approximately $0.5 billion, compared to $1.2 billion as of June 30, 2016. The decline sequentially was primarily due to reduced market volatility in the current quarter as compared to the elevated levels in the second quarter of 2016 resulting from the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union in June 2016. Other funding sources, such as securities financing transactions and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers, could also be adversely affected. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi estimates that a hypothetical one-notch downgrade of the senior debt/long-term rating of Citibank across all three major rating agencies could impact Citibank s funding and liquidity by approximately $1.3 billion, compared to $2.1 billion as of June 30, 2016, due to derivative triggers. The sequential decline was also due to the reduced market volatility in the current quarter, as referenced above. 
  In total, Citi estimates that a one-notch downgrade of Citigroup and Citibank, across all three major rating agencies, could result in aggregate cash obligations and collateral requirements of approximately $1.8 billion, compared to $3.3 billion as of June 30, 2016 (see also Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). As set forth under  High-Quality Liquid Assets  above, the liquidity resources of Citibank were approximately $344 billion and the liquidity resources of Citi s non-bank and other entities were approximately $60 billion, for a total of approximately $404 billion as of   September 30, 2016  . These liquidity resources are available in part as a contingency for the potential events described above. 
  In addition, a broad range of mitigating actions are currently included in Citigroup s and Citibank s contingency funding plans. For Citigroup, these mitigating factors include, but are not limited to, accessing surplus funding capacity from existing clients, tailoring levels of secured lending, and  

73 

adjusting the size of select trading books and collateralized borrowings from certain Citibank subsidiaries. Mitigating actions available to Citibank include, but are not limited to, selling or financing highly liquid government securities, tailoring levels of secured lending, adjusting the size of select trading assets, reducing loan originations and renewals, raising additional deposits, or borrowing from the FHLB or central banks. Citi believes these mitigating actions could substantially reduce the funding and liquidity risk, if any, of the potential downgrades described above. 
    
  Citibank Additional Potential Impacts 
  In addition to the above derivative triggers, Citi believes that a potential one-notch downgrade of Citibank s senior debt/long-term rating by S P could also have an adverse impact on the commercial paper/short-term rating of Citibank. As of   September 30, 2016  , Citibank had liquidity commitments of approximately $10.1 billion to consolidated asset-backed commercial paper conduits, compared to $10.0 billion as of June 30, 2016 (as referenced in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
  In addition to the above-referenced liquidity resources of certain Citibank and Citibanamex entities, Citibank could reduce the funding and liquidity risk, if any, of the potential downgrades described above through mitigating actions, including repricing or reducing certain commitments to commercial paper conduits. In the event of the potential downgrades described above, Citi believes that certain corporate customers could re-evaluate their deposit relationships with Citibank. This re-evaluation could result in clients adjusting their discretionary deposit levels or changing their depository institution, which could potentially reduce certain deposit levels at Citibank. However, Citi could choose to adjust pricing, offer alternative deposit products to its existing customers or seek to attract deposits from new customers, in addition to the mitigating actions referenced above. 

74 

MARKET RISK 
    
  Market risk emanates from both Citi s trading and non-trading portfolios. Trading portfolios comprise all assets and liabilities marked-to-market, with results reflected in earnings.  Non-trading portfolios include all other assets and liabilities. 
  For additional information, see  Market Risk  and  Risk Factors  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios      
  For additional information on Citi s net interest revenue (for interest rate exposure purposes), interest rate risk and interest rate risk measurement, see  Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following table sets forth the estimated impact to Citi s net interest revenue, AOCI and the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio (on a fully implemented basis), each assuming an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 100 basis point increase in interest rates.  

(1) 
    Certain trading-oriented businesses within Citi have accrual-accounted positions that are excluded from the estimated impact to net interest revenue in the table since these exposures are managed economically in combination with mark-to-market positions. The U.S. dollar interest rate exposure associated with these businesses was $(238) million for a 100 basis point instantaneous increase in interest rates as of   September 30, 2016  . 
              (2) 
    Includes the effect of changes in interest rates on AOCI related to investment securities, cash flow hedges and pension liability adjustments. 
              (3) 
    The estimated initial impact to the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio considers the effect of Citi s DTA position and is based on only the estimated initial AOCI impact above.  
       The slight sequential decrease in the estimated impact to net interest revenue primarily reflected changes in balance sheet composition, including changes in Citi Treasury s interest rate derivative positioning, which was largely offset by the increase and seasoning of Citi s deposit balances, primarily in treasury and trade solutions.  The sequential increase in the estimated impact to AOCI primarily reflected the changes to the positioning of Citi Treasury s interest rate derivatives portfolio, as referenced above. 
  In the event of an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 100 basis point increase in interest rates, Citi expects the negative impact to AOCI would be offset in stockholders  equity through the combination of expected incremental net interest revenue and the expected recovery of the impact on AOCI through accretion of Citi s investment portfolio over a period  

of time. As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi expects that the negative $4.9 billion impact to AOCI in such a scenario could potentially be offset over approximately 30 months. 
  The following table sets forth the estimated impact to Citi s net interest revenue, AOCI and the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio (on a fully implemented basis) under four different changes in interest rate scenarios for the U.S. dollar and Citi s other currencies. While Citi also monitors the impact of a parallel decrease in interest rates, a 100 basis point decrease in short-term interest rates is not meaningful, as it would imply negative interest rates in many of Citi's markets. 

Note: Each scenario in the table above assumes that the rate change will occur instantaneously. Changes in interest rates for maturities between the overnight rate and the 10-year rate are interpolated.  
           (1) 
    Includes the effect of changes in interest rates on AOCI related to investment securities, cash flow hedges and pension liability adjustments. 
     
   75 

(2) 
    The estimated initial impact to the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio considers the effect of Citi s deferred tax asset position and is based on only the estimated AOCI impact above. 
       As shown in the table above, the magnitude of the impact to Citi s net interest revenue and AOCI is greater under scenario 2 as compared to scenario 3. This is because the combination of changes to Citi s investment portfolio, partially offset by changes related to Citi s pension liabilities, results in a net position that is more sensitive to rates at shorter and intermediate term maturities. 
  Over the past year, a number of central banks, including the European Central Bank, the Bank of Japan and the Swiss National Bank, have implemented negative interest rates, and additional governmental entities could do so in the future.  While negative interest rates can adversely impact net interest revenue (as well as net interest margin), Citi has, to date, been able to partially offset the impact of negative rates in these jurisdictions through a combination of business and Citi Treasury interest rate risk mitigation activities, including applying negative rates to client accounts (for additional information on Citi Treasury s ongoing interest rate mitigation activities, see  Market Risk Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios  in Citi s 2015 Annual Reporting on Form 10-K).     
    
  Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates Impacts on AOCI and Capital 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Citi estimates that an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 5% appreciation of the U.S. dollar against all of the other currencies in which Citi has invested capital could reduce Citi s tangible common equity (TCE) by approximately $1.6 billion, or 0.9% of TCE, as a result of changes to Citi s foreign currency translation adjustment in AOCI, net of hedges. This impact would be primarily due to changes in the value of the Mexican peso, the Euro and the Japanese Yen. 

This impact is also before any mitigating actions Citi may take, including ongoing management of its foreign currency translation exposure. Specifically, as currency movements change the value of Citi s net investments in foreign-currency-denominated capital, these movements also change the value of Citi s risk-weighted assets denominated in those currencies. This, coupled with Citi s foreign currency hedging strategies, such as foreign currency borrowings, foreign currency forwards and other currency hedging instruments, lessens the impact of foreign currency movements on Citi s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio. Changes in these hedging strategies, as well as hedging costs, divestitures and tax impacts, can further impact the actual impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on Citi s capital as compared to an unanticipated parallel shock, as described above. 
  The effect of Citi s ongoing management strategies with respect to changes in foreign exchange rates and the impact of these changes on Citi s TCE and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio are shown in the table below. For additional information on the changes in AOCI, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(1)  
    FX spot rate change is a weighted average based upon Citi s quarterly average GAAP capital exposure to foreign countries. 

76 

Interest Revenue/Expense and Net Interest Margin 

Note: All interest expense amounts include FDIC deposit insurance assessments including, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the previously disclosed surcharge of 4.5 basis points per annum. For additional information, see  Interest Revenue/Expense and Net Interest Margin  in Citi s First Quarter of 2016  Form 10-Q. 
            (2) 
    Excludes expenses associated with certain hybrid financial instruments, which are classified as   Long-term debt   and accounted for at fair value. 

Citi s net interest margin (NIM) is calculated by dividing gross interest revenue less gross interest expense by average interest earning assets. Citi s NIM was 2.86% in the third quarter of 2016, as the benefit from the impact of the Costco portfolio acquisition and other loan growth was offset by lower trading NIM, higher than anticipated cash balances during the quarter and the impact of higher FDIC deposit insurance assessments (see the Note to the table above). 

77 

Additional Interest Rate Details 
  Average Balances and Interest Rates Assets   (1)(2)(3)(4)   
  Taxable Equivalent Basis   

            (2) 
    Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated with the respective asset categories. 
              (3) 
    Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable. 
              (4) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note   2   to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (5) 
    Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
              (6) 
    Average volumes of securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell are reported net pursuant to ASC 210-20-45. However,   Interest revenue   excludes the impact of ASC 210-20-45. 
              (7) 
    The fair value carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported net, pursuant to ASC 815-10-45, in   Non-interest-earning assets   and   Other non-interest-bearing liabilities  . 
              (8) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (9) 
    Includes cash-basis loans. 
              (10) 
    Includes brokerage receivables. 
     
   78 

Average Balances and Interest Rates Liabilities and Equity, and Net Interest Revenue   (1)(2)(3)(4)   
  Taxable Equivalent Basis 

(2) 
    Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated with the respective liability categories. 
              (3) 
    Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable. 
              (4) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note   2   to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (5) 
    Consists of other time deposits and savings deposits. Savings deposits are made up of insured money market accounts, NOW accounts, and other savings deposits. The interest expense on savings deposits includes FDIC deposit insurance assessments. 
              (6) 
    Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
               (8) 
    The fair value carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported net, pursuant to ASC 815-10-45, in   Non-interest-earning assets   and   Other non-interest-bearing liabilities  . 
     
   79 

(9) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (10) 
    Includes brokerage payables. 
              (11) 
    Excludes hybrid financial instruments and beneficial interests in consolidated VIEs that are classified as   Long-term debt  , as these obligations are accounted for in changes in fair value recorded in   Principal transactions  . 
              (12) 
    Includes stockholders  equity from discontinued operations. 
              (13) 
    Includes allocations for capital and funding costs based on the location of the asset. 
       
  Average Balances and Interest Rates Assets   (1)(2)(3)(4)   
  Taxable Equivalent Basis 

(2) 
    Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories. 
              (3) 
    Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable. 
              (4) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (5) 
    Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
               (7) 
    The fair value carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported in   Non-interest-earning assets   and   Other non-interest-bearing liabilities  . 
              (8) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (9) 
    Includes cash-basis loans. 
              (10) 
    Includes brokerage receivables. 

80 

Average Balances and Interest Rates Liabilities and Equity, and Net Interest Revenue   (1)(2)(3)(4)   
  Taxable Equivalent Basis 

(2) 
    Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories. 
              (3) 
    Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable. 
              (4) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (5) 
    Consists of other time deposits and savings deposits. Savings deposits are made up of insured money market accounts, NOW accounts, and other savings deposits. The interest expense on savings deposits includes FDIC deposit insurance fees and charges. 
              (6) 
    Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
               (8) 
    The fair value carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported in   Non-interest-earning assets   and   Other non-interest-bearing liabilities  . 
              (9) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (10) 
    Excludes hybrid financial instruments and beneficial interests in consolidated VIEs that are classified as   Long-term debt  , as these obligations are accounted for in changes in fair value recorded in   Principal transactions  . 
              (11) 
    Includes stockholders' equity from discontinued operations. 
              (12) 
    Includes allocations for capital and funding costs based on the location of the asset. 
     
   81 

Analysis of Changes in Interest Revenue   (1)(2)(3)   

(1) 
    The taxable equivalent adjustment is related to the tax-exempt bond portfolio based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% and is included in this presentation. 
              (2) 
    Rate/volume variance is allocated based on the percentage relationship of changes in volume and changes in rate to the total net change. 
              (3) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note   2   to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (4) 
    Changes in average rates reflect changes in prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
              (5) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (6) 
    Includes cash-basis loans. 
              (7) 
    Includes brokerage receivables. 
     
   82 

Analysis of Changes in Interest Expense and Net Interest Revenue   (1)(2)(3)     

           (1) 
    The taxable equivalent adjustment is related to the tax-exempt bond portfolio based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% and is included in this presentation. 
              (2) 
    Rate/volume variance is allocated based on the percentage relationship of changes in volume and changes in rate to the total net change. 
              (3) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . See Note   2   to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (4) 
    Changes in average rates reflect changes in prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
              (5) 
    Interest expense   on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (6) 
    Includes brokerage payables. 

83 

Analysis of Changes in Interest Revenue, Interest Expense, and Net Interest Revenue   (1)(2)(3)   

(1) 
    The taxable equivalent adjustment is based on the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate of 35% and is included in this presentation. 
              (2) 
    Rate/volume variance is allocated based on the percentage relationship of changes in volume and changes in rate to the total net change. 
              (3) 
    Detailed average volume,   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   exclude   Discontinued operations  . 
              (4) 
    Changes in average rates reflect changes in prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain countries. 
              (5) 
    Interest expense on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of   Interest revenue  .   Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   on cash collateral positions are reported in   Trading account assets   and   Trading account liabilities  , respectively. 
              (6) 
    Includes cash-basis loans. 
      
   84 

Market Risk of Trading Portfolios 
  For additional information on Citi s market risk of trading portfolios, see  Market Risk Market Risk of Trading Portfolios  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Value at Risk 
  As of September 30, 2016, Citi estimates that the conservative features of its VAR calibration contribute an approximate 22% add-on (compared to 16% at June 30, 2016) to what would be a VAR estimated under the assumption of stable and perfectly normal distributed markets. 

As set forth in the table below, Citi's average trading VAR as of September 30, 2016 was materially unchanged from the prior quarter.  While average foreign exchange risk was higher in the third quarter of 2016 from currency volatility following the U.K. s vote to exit the European Union in June 2016, the impact on the total trading VAR was muted due to diversification benefits from the overall portfolio. Average trading and credit portfolio VAR as of September 30, 2016 decreased slightly, mainly from lower spread volatilities affecting the credit portfolio. 

(1) 
    Covariance adjustment (also known as diversification benefit) equals the difference between the total VAR and the sum of the VARs tied to each individual risk type. The benefit reflects the fact that the risks within each and across risk types are not perfectly correlated and, consequently, the total VAR on a given day will be lower than the sum of the VARs relating to each individual risk type. The determination of the primary drivers of changes to the covariance adjustment is made by an examination of the impact of both model parameter and position changes.     
     (2)    The total Trading VAR includes mark-to-market and certain fair value option trading positions in   ICG   and Citi Holdings, with the exception of hedges to the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and all CVA exposures.  Available-for-sale and accrual exposures are not included. 
           (3)  
    The specific risk-only component represents the level of equity and fixed income issuer-specific risk embedded in VAR.  
              (4)  
    The credit portfolio is composed of mark-to-market positions associated with non-trading business units including Citi Treasury, the CVA relating to derivative counterparties and all associated CVA hedges. FVA and DVA are not included. The credit portfolio also includes hedges to the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and hedges to the leveraged finance pipeline within capital markets origination in   ICG  . 

85 

The table below provides the range of market factor VARs associated with Citi s total trading VAR, inclusive of specific risk: 

Note: No covariance adjustment can be inferred from the above table as the high and low for each market factor will be from different close of business dates. 
    
    The following table provides the VAR for   ICG  , excluding the CVA relating to derivative counterparties, hedges of CVA, fair value option loans and hedges to the loan portfolio: 
                     In millions of dollars 
    Sept. 30, 2016 
      Total all market risk factors, including general and specific risk 
    $ 
    67 
      
      Average during quarter 
    $ 
    63 
      
      High during quarter 
    76 
      
      Low during quarter 
    51 

Regulatory VAR Back-testing 
  In accordance with Basel III, Citi is required to perform back-testing to evaluate the effectiveness of its Regulatory VAR model. Regulatory VAR back-testing is the process in which the daily one-day VAR, at a 99% confidence interval, is compared to the buy-and-hold profit and loss (i.e., the profit and loss impact if the portfolio is held constant at the end of the day and re-priced the following day). Buy-and-hold profit and loss represents the daily mark-to-market  

profit and loss attributable to price movements in covered positions from the close of the previous business day. Buy-and-hold profit and loss excludes realized trading revenue, net interest, fees and commissions, intra-day trading profit and loss, and changes in reserves. 
  Based on a 99% confidence level, Citi would expect two to three days in any one year where buy-and-hold losses exceeded the Regulatory VAR. Given the conservative calibration of Citi s VAR model (as a result of taking the greater of short- and long-term volatilities and fat-tail scaling of volatilities), Citi would expect fewer exceptions under normal and stable market conditions. Periods of unstable market conditions could increase the number of back-testing exceptions. 
  As of September 30, 2016, there was one back-testing exception observed for Citi s Regulatory VAR for the prior 12 months. Trading losses on June 3, 2016 exceeded the VAR estimate at the Citigroup level, driven by higher volatility in the interest rate and foreign exchange markets following the release of weak non-farm payroll data. 

86 

COUNTRY RISK 
    
  For additional information on country risk at Citi, see  Country Risk  and  Risk Factors  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Top 25 Country Exposures  
  The following table presents Citi s top 25 exposures by 
  country (excluding the U.S.) as of September 30, 2016. For 
  purposes of the table, loan amounts are reflected in the country 
  where the loan is booked, which is generally based on the 
  domicile of the borrower. For example, a loan to a Chinese 
  subsidiary of a Switzerland-based corporation will generally 
  be categorized as a loan in China. In addition, Citi has 
  developed regional booking centers in certain countries, most 
  significantly in the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Ireland, in 

order to more efficiently serve its corporate customers. As an 
  example, with respect to the U.K., only 25% of corporate 
  loans presented in the table below are to U.K. domiciled 
  entities (23% for unfunded commitments), with the balance of 
  the loans predominately to European domiciled counterparties. 
  Approximately 84% of the total U.K. funded loans and 88% of 
  the total U.K. unfunded commitments were investment grade 
  as of September 30, 2016. Trading account assets and investment securities are generally categorized based on the domicile of the issuer of the security of the underlying reference entity. For additional information on the assets included in the table, see the footnotes to the table below. 
  For a discussion of uncertainties arising from the results of the U.K. referendum to leave the European Union, see  Country Risk  in Citi s Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q. 

(1) 
    ICG   loans reflect funded corporate loans and private bank loans, net of unearned income. As of September 30, 2016, private bank loans in the table above totaled $17.4 billion, concentrated in the U.K. ($4.6 billion), Singapore ($6.6 billion) and Hong Kong ($5.1 billion).                     
              (2) 
    GCB   loans include funded loans in Brazil and Colombia related to businesses that were transferred to Citi Holdings as of January 1, 2016.     
              (3) 
    Other funded includes other direct exposure such as accounts receivable, loans held-for-sale, other loans in Citi Holdings and investments accounted for under the equity method.                                         
              (4) 
    Unfunded exposure includes unfunded corporate lending commitments, letters of credit and other contingencies.             
     
   87 

(5) 
    Net mark-to-market (MTM) on derivatives and securities lending / borrowing transactions (repos). Exposures are shown net of collateral and inclusive of CVA. Includes margin loans.                                         
              (6) 
    Investment securities include securities available-for-sale, recorded at fair market value, and securities held-to-maturity, recorded at historical cost.                                         
              (7) 
    Trading account assets are shown on a net basis and include derivative exposure where the underlying reference entity is located in that country.       

Venezuela 
  For historical information on foreign exchange controls in Venezuela as well as additional information on Citi s exposures and discontinuation of certain businesses in Venezuela, see  Country Risk-Venezuela  in each of Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q and Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q. 
  As of September 30, 2016, Citi s net investment in its Venezuelan operations was approximately $55 million (compared to $54 million as of June 30, 2016), with de minimis foreign exchange exposure remaining. Citi also had cumulative translation losses related to its investment in Venezuela of approximately $20 million, which would not be reclassified into earnings unless a change of control, liquidation or similar event to Citi s Venezuela operations were to occur. If any such event were to occur, Citi estimates its net exposure to Venezuela could be approximately $70 million as of September 30, 2016, although the actual amount could fluctuate slightly depending upon the facts and circumstances of such event.  

88 

INCOME TAXES 
    
  Deferred Tax Assets  
  For additional information on Citi s deferred tax assets (DTAs), see  Risk Factors Operational Risks,   Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates Income Taxes  and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  At September 30, 2016, Citigroup had recorded net DTAs of approximately $45.4 billion, unchanged from June 30, 2016, as the continued generation of U.S. taxable earnings in the current quarter was offset by losses in AOCI.   
  The following table summarizes Citi s net DTAs balance as of the periods presented. Of Citi s net DTAs as of September 30, 2016, those arising from net operating losses, foreign tax credit and general business credit carry-forwards are 100% deducted in calculating Citi s regulatory capital, while DTAs arising from temporary differences are deducted from regulatory capital if in excess of the 10%/15% limitations (see  Capital Resources  above). Approximately $17.6 billion of the net DTA was not deducted in calculating regulatory capital pursuant to full Basel III implementation standards as of September 30, 2016. 

Effective Tax Rate 
  Citi s effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2016 was 30.8%, slightly higher than the 30.2% effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2015 (excluding CVA/DVA).  

89 

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    Citi s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including without limitation that information required to be disclosed by Citi in its SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Citi s Disclosure Committee assists the CEO and CFO in their responsibilities to design, establish, maintain and evaluate the effectiveness of Citi s disclosure controls and procedures. The Disclosure Committee is responsible for, among other things, the oversight, maintenance and implementation of the disclosure controls and procedures, subject to the supervision and oversight of the CEO and CFO. 
  Citi s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of Citigroup s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of   September 30, 2016   and, based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that at that date Citigroup s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 219 OF THE IRAN THREAT REDUCTION AND SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACT 
    
  Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Citi is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities that are subject to sanctions under U.S. law. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law.  Citi did not have any reportable activities to disclose in the first quarter of 2016 but disclosed reportable activities pursuant to Section 219 in the second quarter of 2016 in the Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q. 
  In addition to Citi s prior disclosures, Citi processed three funds transfers involving three different Iranian Embassies during the third quarter of 2016.  In two of these transfers, Citibank, London acted as an intermediary bank to process a domestic Irish payment from an individual to the Iranian Embassy in Ireland and payment from a hotel in Iceland for a cancellation refund for the Iranian Embassy in Norway.  The value of these funds transfers was EUR 75 (approximately $82) and EUR 418 (approximately $457) respectively, for a total of EUR 493 (approximately  $539).  In addition, Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A., a subsidiary of Citi, acted as a remitting bank for a payment related to a visa fee for the Iranian Embassy in Poland.  The value of this funds transfer was EUR 130 (approximately $142).  All three of these funds transfers were for transactions ordinarily incident to travel  

which are exempt under Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations.  The total value for all of these funds transfers was EUR 623 (approximately $681) and resulted in nominal revenue for Citibank and Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. 

90 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Certain statements in this Form 10-Q, including but not limited to statements included within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  In addition, Citigroup also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, and its management may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. 
  Generally, forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead represent Citigroup s and its management s beliefs regarding future events. Such statements may be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may increase, may fluctuate, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would and could. 
  Such statements are based on management s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances.  Actual results and capital and other financial conditions may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation: (i) the precautionary statements included within each individual business  discussion and analysis of its results of operations above and in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q and Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q; (ii) the factors listed and described under  Risk Factors  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K; and (iii) the risks and uncertainties summarized below: 

changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets proposed or adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and/or the U.S. banking agencies, such as those related to credit risk, market risk (including as a result of the so-called  fundamental review of the trading book ) and operational risk, and the potential impact any such changes could have on Citi s regulatory capital ratios; 
                
    the potential impact of any changes to the CCAR stress testing requirements or process, such as the inclusion of Citi s GSIB surcharge in the Federal Reserve Board s CCAR post-stress minimum capital requirements or the introduction of additional macroprudential considerations (such as funding and liquidity shocks) in the stress testing process;  
                
    the potential incorporation of a variable  stress capital buffer  as part of Citi s ongoing regulatory capital requirements; 
                
    Citi s ability to adequately address the shortcomings identified by the Federal Reserve Board and FDIC as a result of their review of Citi s 2015 annual resolution plan submission; 

the ongoing regulatory changes and uncertainties faced by financial institutions, including Citi, in the U.S. and globally, including regulatory changes relating to debt collection practices within Citi s   North America   cards businesses, and the potential impact these changes and uncertainties could have on Citi s businesses, results of operations, financial condition, strategy or organizational structure and compliance risks and costs; 
                
    the potential impact to Citi s delinquency rates, loan loss reserves, net credit losses and overall results of operations as Citi s revolving home equity lines of credit continue to  reset  (Revolving HELOCs), particularly if interest rates increase; 
                
    the potential impact to Citi s businesses, credit costs and overall results of operations and financial condition as a result of macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges and uncertainties, including those relating to the outcome of the U.S. elections or if energy or other commodity prices deteriorate; 
                
    the extensive uncertainties arising as a result of the vote in the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union, including the timing and terms of the withdrawal, and the potential impact to macroeconomic conditions as well as Citi s legal entity structure and overall results of operations or financial condition; 
                
    the various risks faced by Citi as a result of its significant presence in the emerging markets, including among others sociopolitical instability, nationalization or loss of licenses, business restrictions, sanctions or asset freezes, closure of branches or subsidiaries, confiscation of assets and foreign exchange controls as well as the increased compliance and regulatory risks and costs; 
                
    the potential impact of concentrations of risk, such as market risk arising from Citi s volume of transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, could have on Citi s hedging strategies and results of operations; 
                
    the uncertainties and potential operational difficulties to Citi and its liquidity planning arising from the Federal Reserve Board s total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) proposal, including uncertainties relating to any potential  grandfathering  of outstanding long-term debt and the potential impact on Citi s estimated liquidity needs; 
                
    the potential impacts on Citi s liquidity and/or costs of funding as a result of external factors, including among others market disruptions and governmental fiscal and monetary policies as well as regulatory changes, such as the TLAC proposal; 
                
    the impact of ratings downgrades of Citi or one or more of its more significant subsidiaries or issuing entities on Citi s funding and liquidity as well as the results of operations of certain of its businesses; 
                
    the potential negative impact to Citi s co-branding and private label credit card relationships or Citi s results of operations or financial condition due to, among other things, operational difficulties of a particular retailer or merchant or early termination of a particular relationship; 

91 

the potential impact to Citi from an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological and similar risks, including fraud, theft, loss, misuse or disclosure of confidential client, customer, corporate or network information or assets, damage to Citi s reputation, additional costs (including credit costs) to Citi, regulatory penalties, legal exposure and financial losses; 
                
    Citi s ability to continue to utilize its DTAs (including the foreign tax credit component of its DTAs) and thus reduce the negative impact of the DTAs on Citi s regulatory capital, including as a result of movements in Citi s AOCI; 
                
    the potential impact to Citi if its interpretation or application of the extensive tax laws to which it is subject, such as withholding tax obligations or business valuations, differs from those of the relevant governmental authorities; 
                
    the impact on the value of Citi s DTAs and its results of operations if corporate tax rates in the U.S. or certain state, local or foreign jurisdictions decline, or if other changes are made to the U.S. tax system; 
                
    the potential impact to Citi s results of operations and/or regulatory capital and capital ratios if Citi s risk models, including its Basel III risk-weighted asset models, are ineffective, require modification or enhancement or approval is withdrawn by Citi s U.S. banking regulators; 
                
    Citi s ability to manage its overall level of expenses while at the same time continuing to successfully invest in identified areas of its businesses or operations; 
                
    Citi s ability to continue to wind-down Citi Holdings, and thus reduce the negative impact on Citi s regulatory capital, as well as maintain Citi Holdings at  break even  during 2016; 
                
    the potential impact on Citi s performance, including its competitive position and ability to effectively manage its businesses and continue to execute its strategy, if Citi is unable to hire and retain highly qualified employees for any reason; 
                
    the impact of ongoing changes to financial accounting and reporting standards or interpretations, such as the FASB s credit impairment standard, on how Citi records and reports its financial condition and results of operations as well as the potential impact of incorrect assumptions or estimates in Citi s financial statements; 
                
    the heightened compliance requirements and risks to which Citi is subject, including reputational and legal risks, as well as the impact of increased compliance costs on Citi s expense management and investments initiatives;  
                
    legal, regulatory and reputational risks arising from the heightened scrutiny of  conduct risk  or perceived deficiencies in the culture of financial institutions, including Citi, that are viewed as harmful to clients, counterparties, investors or the markets, such as improperly creating, selling, marketing or managing products and services or improper incentive compensation programs with respect thereto; and 

the potential outcomes of the extensive legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations and other inquiries to which Citi is or may be subject at any given time, particularly given the increased severity of the remedies sought and potential collateral consequences to Citi arising from such outcomes. 
       
  Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made. 

92 

This page intentionally left blank. 
  
   93 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES TABLE OF CONTENTS 

94 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
      
    Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 

95 

(1)   Due to rounding, earnings per share on continuing operations and discontinued operations may not sum to earnings per share on net income. 
  The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
      
    Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 
      (UNAUDITED) 

(1) 
    See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
       
  The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

96 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
      
    Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 
      (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents certain assets of consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs), which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet above. The assets in the table below include those assets that can only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs, presented on the following page, and are in excess of those obligations. Additionally, the assets in the table below include third-party assets of consolidated VIEs only and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation.   

  Statement continues on the next page. 
  
   97 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET                                       Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Continued) 

The following table presents certain liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet above. The liabilities in the table below include third-party liabilities of consolidated VIEs only and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. The liabilities also exclude amounts where creditors or beneficial interest holders have recourse to the general credit of Citigroup. 

The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   98 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
      
    Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 
      (UNAUDITED) 

(1) 
    See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
              (2) 
    Citi adopted ASU 2014-01   Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Affordable Housing  , in the first quarter of 2015 on a retrospective basis.  This adjustment to opening   Retained earnings   represents the impact to periods prior to January 1, 2013 and is shown as an adjustment to the opening balance since 2015 is the earliest period presented in this statement.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information. 
     
   99 

(4) 
    Includes treasury stock related to (i) certain activity on employee stock option program exercises where the employee delivers existing shares to cover the option exercise, or (ii) under Citi s employee restricted or deferred stock programs where shares are withheld to satisfy tax requirements. 
              (5) 
    For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015, primarily consists of open market purchases under Citi s Board of Directors-approved common stock repurchase program. 
       
  The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   100 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
      
    Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries 
      (UNAUDITED) 

101 

(1)    See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on significant disposals. 
  (2)    Proceeds for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   includes approximately   $3.3 billion   from the sale of Citi s investment in China Guangfa Bank. 
    
  The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

102 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
     
  1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three- and nine- month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include the accounts of Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.   
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation have been reflected.  The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Citigroup s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, including the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup reflecting the certain realignments and reclassifications set forth in Citigroup s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2016 (2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K), and Citigroup s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 (First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q) and June 30, 2016 (Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q).  
  Certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), but is not required for interim reporting purposes, has been condensed or omitted. 
  Management must make estimates and assumptions that affect the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related footnote disclosures.  While management uses its best judgment, actual results could differ from those estimates. Current market conditions increase the risk and complexity of the judgments in these estimates. 
  As noted above, the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited.  
  Throughout these Notes,  Citigroup,   Citi  and the  Company  refer to Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods  financial statements and notes to conform to the current period s presentation. 
    
  ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
    
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
  In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments.  
  This ASU requires entities to present separately in OCI the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability  

resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.  It will also require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, thus eliminating eligibility for the current available-for-sale category. However, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock as well as exchange seats will continue to be presented at cost.  
  Citi early-adopted only the provisions of this ASU related to presentation of the change in fair value of liabilities for which the fair value option was elected related to changes in Citigroup s own credit spreads in OCI effective January 1, 2016. Accordingly, beginning in the first quarter 2016, these amounts of are reflected as a component of   Accumulated other comprehensive income   (AOCI), whereas, these amounts were previously recognized in Citigroup s revenues and net income. The impact of adopting this amendment resulted in a cumulative catch-up reclassification from retained earnings to AOCI of an accumulated after tax loss of approximately   $15 million   at January 1, 2016. Financial statements for periods prior to 2016 were not subject to restatement under the provisions of this ASU. For additional information, see Note 17, Note 20     and Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   The Company is evaluating the effect that the other provisions of ASU 2016-01 will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
    
  FUTURE APPLICATION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
    
  Income Tax Impact of Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  , which will require an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. The ASU is effective on January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted.  The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-16 will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Accounting for Financial Instruments-Credit Losses 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses   (Topic 326)  .   The ASU introduces a new accounting model, the Current Expected Credit Losses model (CECL), which requires earlier recognition of credit losses, while also providing additional transparency about credit risk. 
  The FASB s CECL model utilizes a lifetime  expected credit loss  measurement objective for the recognition of credit losses for loans, held-to-maturity securities and other receivables at the time the financial asset is originated or acquired.  The expected credit losses are adjusted each period for changes in expected lifetime credit losses. For  

103 

available-for-sale securities where fair value is less than cost, credit-related impairment, if any, will be recognized in an allowance for credit losses and adjusted each period for changes in expected credit risk. This model replaces the multiple existing impairment models in current GAAP, which generally require that a loss be incurred before it is recognized. 
  The CECL model represents a significant departure from existing GAAP, and may result in material changes to the Company s accounting for financial instruments. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-13 will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  The ASU will be effective for Citi as of January 1, 2020.  Early application is permitted for annual periods beginning January 1, 2019. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP when it becomes effective on January 1, 2018.  The ASU is not applicable to financial instruments and, therefore, is not expected to impact a majority of the Company s revenue, including net interest income. The Company plans to adopt the new revenue recognition guidance in the first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect a material change in timing of revenue recognition and is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on the presentation of its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures and its adoption method. 
    
  Lease Accounting 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842),   which is intended to increase transparency and comparability of accounting for lease transactions. The ASU will require lessees to recognize all leases on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities and will require both quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements.  Lessor accounting is largely unchanged. The guidance is effective beginning January 1, 2019 with an option to early adopt. The Company is evaluating whether to early adopt and the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements, regulatory capital and related disclosures. 

104 

2. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT DISPOSALS 
    
  Discontinued Operations 
  The following sales are reported as   Discontinued operations    within the   Corporate/Other   segment.  
    
  Sale of Brazil Credicard Business 
  Citi sold its non-Citibank-branded cards and consumer finance business in Brazil (Credicard) in 2013.  Residual costs and resolution of certain contingencies from the disposal resulted in income from   Discontinued operations  , net of taxes, of   $0 million   and   $0 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $0 million   and   $6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Sale of Egg Banking plc Credit Card Business 
  Citi sold the Egg Banking plc credit card business in 2011. Residual costs from the disposal resulted in losses from   Discontinued operations  , net of taxes, of   $24 million   and   $10 million   for the three months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $46 million   and   $16 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Combined Results for Discontinued Operations 
  The following is summarized financial information for previous   Discontinued operations   for which Citi continues to have minimal residual costs associated with the sales: 

(1) Total revenues include gain or loss on sale, if applicable. 
    
  Cash flows for the   Discontinued operations   were not material for all periods presented. 

Significant Disposals 
  The following sales completed during 2016 and 2015 were identified as significant disposals. The major classes of assets and liabilities derecognized from the Consolidated Balance Sheet at closing and the income related to each business until the disposal date are presented below. 
  Novation of the 80% Primerica Coinsurance Agreement 
  During the first quarter of 2016, Citi completed a novation (an arrangement that extinguishes Citi s rights and obligations under a contract) of the Primerica   80%   Coinsurance Agreement to a third-party re-insurer, resulting in revenue of   $422 million   recorded in   Other revenue   (  $274 million   after tax) during the first quarter of 2016. Furthermore, the novation resulted in derecognition of   $1.5 billion   of available for-sale securities and cash,   $0.95 billion   of deferred acquisition costs and   $2.7 billion   of insurance liabilities.  
  Income before taxes, excluding the revenue upon novation, was as follows: 

Sale of OneMain Financial Business 
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, Citi sold OneMain Financial (OneMain), which was reported in Citi Holdings, including   1,100   retail branches,   5,500   employees, and approximately   1.3 million   customer accounts. OneMain had approximately   $10.2 billion   of assets, including   $7.8 billion   of loans (net of allowance), and   $1.4 billion   of available-for-sale securities. OneMain also had   $8.4 billion   of liabilities, including   $6.2 billion   of long-term debt and   $1.1 billion   of short-term borrowings. The transaction generated a pretax gain on sale of   $2.6 billion  , recorded in   Other revenue   ($  1.6 billion   after-tax) during the fourth quarter of 2015. However, when combined with the loss on redemption of certain long-term debt supporting remaining Citi Holdings  assets during the fourth quarter of 2015, the resulting net after-tax gain was   $0.8 billion  . 
  Income before taxes was as follows: 

105 

3. BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
  Citigroup s activities are conducted through the   Global Consumer Banking (GCB), Institutional Clients Group (ICG), Corporate/Other   and Citi Holdings business segments. 
  For additional information regarding Citigroup s business segments, including certain reclassifications effective January 1, 2016, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The following tables present information regarding the Company s continuing operations by segment: 

(1)  
    Includes Citicorp (excluding   Corporate/Other  ) total revenues, net of interest expense, in   North America   of   $8.5 billion   and   $8.3 billion  ; in   EMEA   of   $2.6 billion   and   $2.4 billion  ; in   Latin America   of   $2.3 billion   and   $2.6 billion  ; and in   Asia   of   $3.5 billion   and   $3.5 billion   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Regional numbers exclude Citi Holdings and   Corporate/Other  , which largely operate within the U.S. Includes Citicorp (excluding   Corporate/Other  ) total revenues, net of interest expense, in   North America   of   $24.5 billion   and   $25.1 billion  ; in   EMEA   of   $7.4 billion   and   $7.9 billion  ; in   Latin America   of   $6.8 billion   and   $7.5 billion  ; and in   Asia   of   $10.5 billion   and   $10.8 billion   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
              (2)  
    Includes pretax provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims in the   GCB   results of   $1.8 billion   and   $1.3 billion  ; in the   ICG   results of   $(90) million   and   $313 million  ; and in Citi Holdings results of   $0.0 billion   and   $0.2 billion   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Includes pretax provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims in the   GCB   results of   $4.7 billion   and   $4.1 billion  ; in the   ICG   results of   $382 million   and   $312 million  ; and in Citi Holdings results of   $0.1 billion   and   $1.0 billion   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
     
   106 

4.  INTEREST REVENUE AND EXPENSE 
  Interest revenue   and   Interest expense   consisted of the following: 

(1) 
    Interest expense on   Trading account liabilities   of   ICG   is reported as a reduction of interest revenue from   Trading account assets  . 
              (2) 
    During 2015, interest earned related to assets of significant disposals (primarily OneMain Financial) were reclassified into   Other interest. 

107 

5.  COMMISSIONS AND FEES 
      
  The primary components of Citi s   Commissions and fees   revenue are investment banking fees, trading-related fees, fees related to trade and securities services in   ICG   and credit card and bank card fees. For additional information regarding  

certain components of   Commissions and fees   revenue, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The following table presents   Commissions and fees   revenue: 

(1) 
    Consists primarily of fees earned from structuring and underwriting loan syndications. 
              (2) 
    Primarily consists of fees for investment fund administration and management, third-party collections, commercial demand deposit accounts and certain credit card services. 

6.  PRINCIPAL TRANSACTIONS 
    Citi s   Principal transactions   revenue consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses from trading activities. For additional information regarding   Principal transactions   revenue, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The following table presents   Principal transactions   revenue: 

(1) 
    Includes revenues from government securities and corporate debt, municipal securities, mortgage securities and other debt instruments. Also includes spot and forward trading of currencies and exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) currency options, options on fixed income securities, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, swap options, caps and floors, financial futures, OTC options and forward contracts on fixed income securities. 
              (2) 
    Includes revenues from foreign exchange spot, forward, option and swap contracts, as well as foreign currency translation (FX translation) gains and losses. 
              (3) 
    Includes revenues from common, preferred and convertible preferred stock, convertible corporate debt, equity-linked notes and exchange-traded and OTC equity options and warrants. 
              (4) 
    Primarily includes revenues from crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas and other commodities trades. 
              (5) 
    Includes revenues from structured credit products. 
     
   108 

7.   INCENTIVE PLANS 
    
  For additional information on Citi s incentive plans, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

8. RETIREMENT BENEFITS 
    
  For additional information on Citi s retirement benefits, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Net (Benefit) Expense 
  The following tables summarize the components of net (benefit) expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the Company s pension and postretirement plans, for Significant Plans and All Other Plans:   

(1)   Losses and gains due to curtailment and settlement relate to repositioning and divestiture activities. 
  
   109 

Funded Status and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) 
  The following tables summarize the funded status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Company s Significant Plans: 

(1) Losses due to curtailment relate to repositioning activities. 
  
   110 

(1) 
    The U.S. qualified pension plan is fully funded under specified Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), funding rules as of January 1, 2016 and no minimum required funding is expected for 2016. 
       
  The following table shows the change in   AOCI   related to the Company s Significant Plans and All Other Plans:   

           (1) 
    See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of net   AOCI   balance. 
              (2) 
    Includes net-of-tax amounts for certain profit sharing plans outside the U.S. 
              (3) 
    Gains due to curtailment and settlement relate to repositioning and divestiture activities. 
     
   111 

Plan Assumptions 
  The discount rates utilized during the period in determining the pension and postretirement net (benefit) expense for the Significant Plans are as follows: 

The discount rates utilized at period-end in determining the pension and postretirement benefit obligations for the Significant Plans are as follows:   

Sensitivities of Certain Key Assumptions 
  The following table summarizes the estimated effect on the Company s Significant Plans quarterly expense of a 
  one-percentage-point change in the discount rate: 
                             
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      In millions of dollars 
    One-percentage-point increase 
    One-percentage-point decrease 
      Pension 

U.S. plans 
    $ 
    9 
      
    $ 
    (13 
    ) 
         Non-U.S. plans 
    (6 
    ) 
    6 
      
      Postretirement 

U.S. plans 
    $ 

$ 
    (1 
    ) 
         Non-U.S. plans 
    (2 
    ) 
    2 

112 

Contributions 
  For the U.S. pension plans, there were   no   required minimum cash contributions during the first nine months of 2016. The Company made a discretionary contribution of $  500 million   to the U.S. qualified defined benefit plan during the third quarter of 2016. 

The following table summarizes the Company s actual contributions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as estimated expected Company contributions for the remainder of 2016 and the actual contributions made in the fourth quarter of 2015: 

(1) 
    The U.S. pension plans include benefits paid directly by the Company for the nonqualified pension plans. 
              (2) 
    Company contributions are composed of cash contributions made to the plans and benefits paid directly by the Company. 
         
  Defined Contribution Plans 
  The following table summarizes the Company s contributions for the defined contribution plans: 
  .   

Postemployment Plans 
  The following table summarizes the components of net expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the Company s U.S. postemployment plans: 

113 

9.     EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  The following table reconciles the income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) computations: 

(1) 
    During the third quarter of 2016, Citi distributed   $225 million   in dividends on its outstanding preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016, Citi estimates it will distribute preferred dividends of approximately   $320 million   during the remainder of 2016, in each case assuming such dividends are declared by the Citi Board of Directors. 
              (2) 
    Warrants issued to the U.S. Treasury as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) and the loss-sharing agreement (all of which were subsequently sold to the public in January 2011), with exercise prices of   $178.50   and   $106.10   per share for approximately   21.0 million   and   25.5 million   shares of Citigroup common stock, respectively. Both warrants were not included in the computation of earnings per share in the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   because they were anti-dilutive. 
              (3) 
    During the third quarters of   2016   and   2015  , weighted-average options to purchase   3.6 million     and     0.9 million   shares of common stock, respectively, were outstanding but not included in the computation of earnings per share because the weighted-average exercise prices of   $85.92   and   $201.01   per share, respectively, were anti-dilutive. 
              (4) 
    Due to rounding, common shares outstanding applicable to basic EPS and the effect of dilutive securities may not sum to common shares outstanding applicable to diluted EPS. 
              (5) 
    Due to rounding, earnings per share on continuing operations and discontinued operations may not sum to earnings per share on net income. 

114 

10.   FEDERAL FUNDS, SECURITIES BORROWED, LOANED AND SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 
  For additional information on the Company s resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending agreements, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell  , at their respective carrying values, consisted of the following: 

Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase  , at their respective carrying values, consisted of the following: 

It is the Company s policy to take possession of the underlying collateral, monitor its market value relative to the amounts due under the agreements and, when necessary,  

require prompt transfer of additional collateral in order to maintain contractual margin protection. For resale and  repurchase agreements, when necessary, the Company posts additional collateral in order to maintain contractual margin protection.  
  A substantial portion of the resale and repurchase agreements is recorded at fair value, as described in Notes 20 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The remaining portion is carried at the amount of cash initially advanced or received, plus accrued interest, as specified in the respective agreements. 
  A substantial portion of securities borrowing and lending agreements is recorded at the amount of cash advanced or received. The remaining portion is recorded at fair value as the Company elected the fair value option for certain securities borrowed and loaned portfolios, as described in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. With respect to securities loaned, the Company receives cash collateral in an amount generally in excess of the market value of the securities loaned. The Company monitors the market value of securities borrowed and securities loaned on a daily basis and obtains or posts additional collateral in order to maintain contractual margin protection.  
    
  The following tables present the gross and net resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending  
  agreements and the related offsetting amount permitted under ASC-210-20-45. The tables also include amounts related to financial instruments that are not permitted to be offset under ASC-210-20-45 but would be eligible for offsetting to the extent that an event of default occurred and a legal opinion supporting enforceability of the offsetting rights has been obtained. Remaining exposures continue to be secured by financial collateral, but the Company may not have sought or been able to obtain a legal opinion evidencing enforceability of the offsetting right. 

115 

(1) 
    Includes financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting agreements that are permitted to be offset under ASC 210-20-45. 
              (2) 
    The total of this column for each period excludes Federal funds sold/purchased. See tables above. 
              (3) 
    Includes financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting agreements that are not permitted to be offset under ASC 210-20-45, but would be eligible for offsetting to the extent that an event of default has occurred and a legal opinion supporting enforceability of the offsetting right has been obtained. 
              (4) 
    Remaining exposures continue to be secured by financial collateral, but the Company may not have sought or been able to obtain a legal opinion evidencing enforceability of the offsetting right. 
       
  The following tables present the gross amount of liabilities associated with repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, by remaining contractual maturity: 

116 

The following tables present the gross amount of liabilities associated with repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, by class of underlying collateral: 

117 

11. BROKERAGE RECEIVABLES AND BROKERAGE 
  PAYABLES 
    
  The Company has receivables and payables for financial instruments sold to and purchased from brokers, dealers and customers, which arise in the ordinary course of business. For additional information on these receivables and payables, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Brokerage receivables   and   Brokerage payables   consisted of the following: 

(1)  
    Brokerage receivables and payables are accounted for in accordance with the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide for Brokers and Dealers in Securities as codified in  ASC 940-320. 

12.   INVESTMENTS 
    
  For additional information regarding Citi s investments portfolios, including evaluating investments for other-than-temporary impairment, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Overview 
  The following table presents Citi s investments by category: 

(1) 
    Carried at adjusted amortized cost basis, net of any credit-related impairment. 
              (2) 
    Unrealized gains and losses for non-marketable equity securities carried at fair value are recognized in earnings. 
              (3) 
    Primarily consists of shares issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, Federal Home Loan Banks, foreign central banks and various clearing houses of which Citigroup is a member. 
       
  The following table presents interest and dividend income on investments: 

118 

The following table presents realized gains and losses on the sale of investments, which excludes losses from other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI): 

Securities Available-for-Sale 
  The amortized cost and fair value of AFS securities were as follows: 

(1) 
    The Company invests in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securitizations are generally considered VIEs. The Company s maximum exposure to loss from these VIEs is equal to the carrying amount of the securities, which is reflected in the table above. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed securitizations in which the Company has other involvement, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

119 

The following shows the fair value of AFS securities that have been in an unrealized loss position: 

120 

The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of AFS debt securities by contractual maturity dates: 

(1) 
    Includes mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government-sponsored agencies. 
              (2) 
    Investments with no stated maturities are included as contractual maturities of greater than 10 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or prepayment rights. 
              (3) 
    Includes corporate, asset-backed and other debt securities. 

121 

Debt Securities Held-to-Maturity 
    
  The carrying value and fair value of debt securities HTM were as follows: 

(1) 
    For securities transferred to HTM from   Trading account assets  , amortized cost basis is defined as the fair value of the securities at the date of transfer plus any accretion income and less any impairments recognized in earnings subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred to HTM from AFS, amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost, adjusted for the cumulative accretion or amortization of any purchase discount or premium, plus or minus any cumulative fair value hedge adjustments, net of accretion or amortization, and less any other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings. 
              (2) 
    HTM securities are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at amortized cost basis, plus or minus any unamortized unrealized gains and losses and fair value hedge adjustments recognized in AOCI prior to reclassifying the securities from AFS to HTM. Changes in the values of these securities are not reported in the financial statements, except for the amortization of any difference between the carrying value at the transfer date and par value of the securities, and the recognition of any non-credit fair value adjustments in AOCI in connection with the recognition of any credit impairment in earnings related to securities the Company continues to intend to hold until maturity. 
              (3) 
    The Company invests in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securitizations are generally considered VIEs. The Company s maximum exposure to loss from these VIEs is equal to the carrying amount of the securities, which is reflected in the table above. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed securitizations in which the Company has other involvement, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

122 

The table below shows the fair value of debt securities HTM that have been in an unrecognized loss position: 

Note: Excluded from the gross unrecognized losses presented in the above table are   $(350) million   and   $(453) million   of net unrealized losses recorded in AOCI as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, primarily related to the difference between the amortized cost and carrying value of HTM securities that were reclassified from AFS. Substantially all of these net unrecognized losses relate to securities that have been in a loss position for 12 months or longer at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   123 

The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of HTM debt securities by contractual maturity dates:   

           (1) 
    Investments with no stated maturities are included as contractual maturities of greater than 10 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or prepayment rights. 
              (2) 
    Includes corporate and asset-backed securities. 

Recognition and Measurement of OTTI 
  The following tables present total OTTI recognized in earnings: 
                                                               OTTI on Investments and Other Assets 
    Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016 
    Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016 
      In millions of dollars 
    AFS   (1)  
    HTM 
    Other 
  Assets 
    Total 
    AFS   (1)(2)  
    HTM 
    Other 
  Assets   (3)  
    Total 
      Impairment losses related to securities that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell: 

Total OTTI losses recognized during the period 
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    3 
      
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 
    4 
      
      Less: portion of impairment loss recognized in AOCI (before taxes) 

Net impairment losses recognized in earnings for securities that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell 
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    3 
      
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 
    4 
      
      Impairment losses recognized in earnings for securities that the Company intends to sell, would be more likely than not required to sell or will be subject to an issuer call deemed probable of exercise and FX losses 
    20 
      
    12 

32 
      
    243 
      
    36 
      
    332 
      
    611 
      
      Total impairment losses recognized in earnings 
    $ 
    20 
      
    $ 
    12 
      
    $ 

$ 
    32 
      
    $ 
    246 
      
    $ 
    37 
      
    $ 
    332 
      
    $ 
    615 

(1) 
    Includes OTTI on non-marketable equity securities. 
              (2) 
    Includes a   $160 million   impairment related to AFS securities affected by changes in the Venezuela exchange rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
     
   124 

(3) 
    The impairment charge is related to the carrying value of an equity investment. 
       
                                                               OTTI on Investments and Other Assets 
    Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
    Nine Months Ended    September 30, 2015 
      In millions of dollars 
    AFS   (1)  
    HTM 
    Other Assets 
    Total 
    AFS   (1)  
    HTM 
    Other assets 
    Total 
      Impairment losses related to securities that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell: 

Total OTTI losses recognized during the period 
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 
    1 
      
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 
    1 
      
      Less: portion of impairment loss recognized in AOCI (before taxes) 

Net impairment losses recognized in earnings for securities that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell 
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 
    1 
      
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 
    1 
      
      Impairment losses recognized in earnings for securities that the Company intends to sell, would be more likely than not required to sell or will be subject to an issuer call deemed probable of exercise and FX losses 
    64 
      
    14 
      
    1 
      
    79 
      
    152 
      
    36 
      
    6 
      
    194 
      
      Total impairment losses recognized in earnings 
    $ 
    65 
      
    $ 
    14 
      
    $ 
    1 
      
    $ 
    80 
      
    $ 
    153 
      
    $ 
    36 
      
    $ 
    6 
      
    $ 
    195 

(1) 
    Includes OTTI on non-marketable equity securities. 

The following are three-month rollforwards of the credit-related impairments recognized in earnings for AFS and HTM debt securities held that the Company does not intend to sell nor likely will be required to sell: 

(1) 
    Primarily consists of Alt-A securities. 

125 

(1) 
    Primarily consists of Alt-A securities. 
       
  The following are nine-month rollforwards of the credit-related impairments recognized in earnings for AFS and HTM debt securities held that the Company does not intend to sell nor likely will be required to sell: 

(1) 
    Primarily consists of Alt-A securities. 

126 

(1) 
    Primarily consists of Alt-A securities. 
       
    Investments in Alternative Investment Funds That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share 
  The Company holds investments in certain alternative investment funds that calculate net asset value (NAV), including hedge funds, private equity funds, funds of funds and real estate funds. Investments in such funds are generally classified as nonmarketable equity securities carried at fair value. The fair values of these investments are estimated using the NAV of the Company s ownership interest in the funds. These investments include co-investments in funds that are managed by the Company and investments in funds that are  

managed by third parties. Some of these investments are in  covered funds  for purposes of the Volcker Rule, which prohibits certain proprietary investment activities and limits the ownership of, and relationships with, covered funds. The deadline for compliance with the Volcker Rule is July 2017, by which date Citi is required to sell those of its investments in covered funds prohibited by the rule. Subject to market demand, the Company may receive value that is lower than the reported NAV for these investments.  

(1) 
    Private equity funds include funds that invest in infrastructure, leveraged buyout transactions, emerging markets and venture capital. 
              (2) 
    With respect to the Company s investments in private equity funds and real estate funds, distributions from each fund will be received as the underlying assets held by these funds are liquidated. It is estimated that the underlying assets of these funds will be liquidated over a period of several years as market conditions allow. Private equity and real estate funds do not allow redemption of investments by their investors. Investors are permitted to sell or transfer their investments, subject to the approval of the general partner or investment manager of these funds, which generally may not be unreasonably withheld. 
              (3) 
    Includes several real estate funds that invest primarily in commercial real estate in the U.S., Europe and Asia. 
              (4) 
    The fair value of investments above is based on NAVs provided by third-party asset managers.  
     
   127 

13.   LOANS 
    
  Citigroup loans are reported in   two   categories consumer and corporate. These categories are classified primarily according to the segment and subsegment that manage the loans. For additional information regarding Citi s consumer and corporate loans, including related accounting policies, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Consumer Loans 
  Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by   GCB   in Citicorp and in Citi Holdings. The following table provides Citi s consumer loans by loan type: 

(1) 
    Loans secured primarily by real estate. 
              (2) 
    September 30, 2016 balance includes loans related to the acquisition of the Costco U.S. co-branded credit card portfolio, completed on June 17, 2016 in addition to subsequent activity. 
       
  During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company sold and/or reclassified to held-for-sale   $1.3 billion   and   $6.0 billion  , and   $1.5 billion   and   $16.3 billion   respectively, of consumer loans.  

128 

Consumer Loan Delinquency and Non-Accrual Details at   September 30, 2016   

           (1) 
    Loans less than   30   days past due are presented as current. 
              (2) 
    Includes   $31 million   of residential first mortgages recorded at fair value. 
              (3) 
    Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities. 
              (4) 
    Consists of residential first mortgages that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities that are 30 89 days past due of   $0.2 billion   and   90   days or more past due of   $1.3 billion  . 
              (5) 
    Fixed-rate home equity loans and loans extended under home equity lines of credit, which are typically in junior lien positions. 
              (6) 
    Represents loans classified as consumer loans on the Consolidated Balance Sheet that are not included in the Citi Holdings consumer credit metrics. 
     Consumer Loan Delinquency and Non-Accrual Details at   December 31, 2015   

           (1) 
    Loans less than   30   days past due are presented as current. 
              (2) 
    Includes   $34 million   of residential first mortgages recorded at fair value. 
              (3) 
    Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities. 
              (4) 
    Consists of residential first mortgages that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities that are 30 89 days past due of   $0.3 billion   and   90   days or more past due of   $2.0 billion  . 
              (5) 
    Fixed-rate home equity loans and loans extended under home equity lines of credit, which are typically in junior lien positions. 
     
   129 

(6) 
    Represents loans classified as consumer loans on the Consolidated Balance Sheet that are not included in the Citi Holdings consumer credit metrics. 
         
  Consumer Credit Scores (FICO) 
  The following tables provide details on the FICO scores for Citi s U.S. consumer loan portfolio (commercial banking loans are excluded since they are business based and FICO scores are not a primary driver in their credit evaluation). FICO scores are updated monthly for substantially all of the portfolio or, otherwise, on a quarterly basis for the remaining portfolio. 

(1) 
    Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government entities, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored entities and loans recorded at fair value. 
              (2) 
    Excludes balances where FICO was not available. Such amounts are not material. 

Loan to Value (LTV) Ratios 
  The following tables provide details on the LTV ratios (loan balance divided by appraised value) for Citi s U.S. consumer mortgage portfolios. LTV ratios are updated monthly using the most recent Core Logic Home Price Index data available for substantially all of the portfolio applied at the Metropolitan Statistical Area level, if available, or the state level if not. The remainder of the portfolio is updated in a similar manner using the Federal Housing Finance Agency indices. 

(1) 
    Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government entities, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored entities and loans recorded at fair value. 
              (2) 
    Excludes balances where LTV was not available. Such amounts are not material. 

130 

Impaired Consumer Loans 
  The following tables present information about impaired consumer loans and interest income recognized on impaired consumer loans: 

(1) 
    Recorded investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount and direct write-downs and includes accrued interest only on credit card loans. 
              (2) 
    $1,068 million   of residential first mortgages,   $416 million   of home equity loans and   $98 million   of commercial market loans do not have a specific allowance. 
     (3)    Included in the   Allowance for loan losses  . 
  (4)    Average carrying value represents the average recorded investment ending balance for the last   four   quarters and does not include the related specific allowance. 
  (5)    Includes amounts recognized on both an accrual and cash basis. 

(1) 
    Recorded investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount and direct write-downs and includes accrued interest only on credit card loans. 
              (2) 
    $1,151 million   of residential first mortgages,   $459 million   of home equity loans and   $86 million   of commercial market loans do not have a specific allowance. 
              (3) 
    Included in the   Allowance for loan losses  . 
              (4) 
    Average carrying value represents the average recorded investment ending balance for the last   four   quarters and does not include the related specific allowance. 

131 

Consumer Troubled Debt Restructurings 

(1) 
    Post-modification balances include past due amounts that are capitalized at the modification date. 
              (2) 
    Post-modification balances in   North America   include $  17 million   of residential first mortgages and $  5 million   of home equity loans to borrowers who have gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the three months ended September 30, 2016. These amounts include $  11 million   of residential first mortgages and $  5 million   of home equity loans that were newly classified as TDRs in the three months ended September 30, 2016, based on previously received OCC guidance. 
              (3) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that is non-interest bearing but still due from the borrower. Such deferred principal is charged off at the time of permanent modification to the extent that the related loan balance exceeds the underlying collateral value. 
              (4) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that is non-interest bearing and, depending upon borrower performance, eligible for forgiveness. 
              (5) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that was forgiven at the time of permanent modification. 
     (6)    Commercial banking loans are generally borrower-specific modifications and incorporate changes in the amount and/or timing of principal and/or interest. 
  (7)    Post-modification balances in   North America   include $  54 million   of residential first mortgages and $  17 million   of home equity loans to borrowers who have gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts include $  34 million   of residential first mortgages and $  14 million   of home equity loans that were newly classified as TDRs in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , based on previously received OCC guidance. 
  (8)    The above tables reflect activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period that were considered TDRs. 
  
   132 

(1) 
    Post-modification balances include past due amounts that are capitalized at the modification date. 
              (2) 
    Post-modification balances in   North America   include $  58 million   of residential first mortgages and $  14 million   of home equity loans to borrowers who have gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These amounts include $  38 million   of residential first mortgages and $  14 million   of home equity loans that were newly classified as TDRs in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, based on previously received OCC guidance. 
              (3) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that is non-interest bearing but still due from the borrower. Such deferred principal is charged off at the time of permanent modification to the extent that the related loan balance exceeds the underlying collateral value. 
              (4) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that is non-interest bearing and, depending upon borrower performance, eligible for forgiveness. 
              (5) 
    Represents portion of contractual loan principal that was forgiven at the time of permanent modification. 
     (6)    Commercial banking loans are generally borrower-specific modifications and incorporate changes in the amount and/or timing of principal and/or interest. 
  (7)    Post-modification balances in   North America   include $  181 million   of residential first mortgages and $  46 million   of home equity loans to borrowers who have gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts include $  107 million   of residential first mortgages and $  39 million   of home equity loans that were newly classified as TDRs in the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , based on previously received OCC guidance. 
  (8)    The above tables reflect activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period that were considered TDRs. 

133 

The following table presents consumer TDRs that defaulted for which the payment default occurred within   one year   of a permanent modification. Default is defined as   60 days   past due, except for classifiably managed commercial banking loans, where default is defined as   90 days   past due. 

134 

Corporate Loans 
  Corporate loans represent loans and leases managed by   ICG  . The following table presents Citi s corporate loans  
  by loan type: 

(1) 
    Loans secured primarily by real estate. 

The Company sold and/or reclassified to held-for-sale   $1.3 billion   and   $2.6 billion   of corporate loans during the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively and   $0.5 billion   and   $1.6 billion   during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company did not have significant purchases of corporate loans classified as held-for-investment for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 

135 

Corporate Loan Delinquency and Non-Accrual Details at   September 30, 2016      

  Corporate Loan Delinquency and Non-Accrual Details at   December 31, 2015   

           (1) 
    Corporate loans that are   90   days past due are generally classified as non-accrual. Corporate loans are considered past due when principal or interest is contractually due but unpaid. 
              (2) 
    Non-accrual loans generally include those loans that are     90   days past due or those loans for which Citi believes, based on actual experience and a forward-looking assessment of the collectability of the loan in full, that the payment of interest or principal is doubtful. 
              (3) 
    Corporate loans are past due when principal or interest is contractually due but unpaid. Loans less than   30   days past due are presented as current. 
              (4) 
    Total loans include loans at fair value, which are not included in the various delinquency columns.  

136 

Corporate Loans Credit Quality Indicators  

(1) 
    Recorded investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount, less any direct write-downs. 
              (2) 
    Held-for-investment loans are accounted for on an amortized cost basis. 

137 

Non-Accrual Corporate Loans 
  The following tables present non-accrual corporate loans and interest income recognized on non-accrual corporate loans: 

(1) 
    Recorded investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount, less any direct write-downs. 
              (2) 
    Average carrying value represents the average recorded investment balance and does not include related specific allowance. 
              (3) 
    Interest income recognized for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2015 was   $2 million   and   $7 million  , respectively. 

138 

Corporate Troubled Debt Restructurings 
    
    At and for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  :                                       In millions of dollars 
    Carrying 
  Value 
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  principal payments   (1)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  interest payments   (2)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  both principal and 
  interest payments 
      Commercial and industrial 
    $ 
    112 
      
    $ 
    103 
      
    $ 
    2 
      
    $ 
    7 
      
      Financial institutions 
    10 
      
    10 

Mortgage and real estate 
    2 
      
    1 

1 
      
      Other 

Total 
    $ 
    124 
      
    $ 
    114 
      
    $ 
    2 
      
    $ 
    8 

At and for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  :                                       In millions of dollars 
    Carrying 
  Value 
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  principal payments   (1)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  interest payments   (2)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  both principal and 
  interest payments 
      Commercial and industrial 
    $ 
    13 
      
    $ 
    12 
      
    $ 

$ 
    1 
      
      Mortgage and real estate 
    35 
      
    1 

34 
      
      Total 
    $ 
    48 
      
    $ 
    13 
      
    $ 

$ 
    35 

At and for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  :   

  At and for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  :                                       In millions of dollars 
    Carrying 
  Value 
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  principal payments   (1)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  interest payments   (2)  
    TDRs 
  involving changes 
  in the amount 
  and/or timing of 
  both principal and 
  interest payments 
      Commercial and industrial 
    $ 
    79 
      
    $ 
    45 
      
    $ 

$ 
    34 
      
      Mortgage and real estate 
    47 
      
    3 

44 
      
      Total 
    $ 
    126 
      
    $ 
    48 
      
    $ 

$ 
    78 

(1) 
    TDRs involving changes in the amount or timing of principal payments may involve principal forgiveness or deferral of periodic and/or final principal payments. Because forgiveness of principal is rare for commercial loans, modifications typically have little to no impact on the loans  projected cash flows and thus little to no impact on the allowance established for the loans.  Charge-offs for amounts deemed uncollectable may be recorded at the time of the restructuring or may have already been recorded in prior periods such that no charge-off is required at the time of the modification. 
              (2) 
    TDRs involving changes in the amount or timing of interest payments may involve a below-market interest rate. 

139 

The following table presents total corporate loans modified in a TDR as well as those TDRs that defaulted and for which the payment default occurred within   one year   of a permanent modification. Default is defined as   60 days   past due, except for classifiably managed commercial banking loans, where default is defined as   90 days   past due.   

(1) 
    The above tables reflect activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period that were considered TDRs. 

140 

14.   ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

(1) 
    Recoveries have been reduced by certain collection costs that are incurred only if collection efforts are successful. 
              (2) 
    As a result of the entry into an agreement in March 2015 to sell OneMain, OneMain was classified as held-for-sale (HFS) at the end of the first quarter of 2015.  As a result of HFS accounting treatment, approximately   $160 million   and   $116 million   of net credit losses were recorded as a reduction in revenue (Other revenue) during the second and third quarters of 2015, respectively. 
              (3) 
    Represents additional credit loss reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit recorded in   Other liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
       
     Allowance for Credit Losses and Investment in Loans 

141 

142 

15.   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  For additional information regarding Citi s goodwill impairment testing process, see Notes 1 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Goodwill 
  The changes in   Goodwill   were as follows:    

For additional information on transfers of   Goodwill    balances between reporting units, see Note 16 in Citi s First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q. There were no other triggering events during the second and third quarters of 2016.  
           The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 1, 2016. The fair values of the Company s reporting units exceeded their carrying values and did not indicate a risk of impairment.  
          The following table shows reporting units with goodwill balances as of September 30, 2016 and the fair value as a percentage of allocated book value as of the annual impairment test: 

(1) 
    Citi Holdings   Other   and     Citi Holdings   ICG   are     excluded from the table as there is no goodwill allocated to them. 
              (2) 
    Citi Holdings   Consumer EMEA,   is excluded from the table as the entire reporting unit, together with allocated goodwill, is classified as held-for-sale as of September 30, 2016. 
              (3) 
    Asia Global Consumer Banking includes the consumer businesses in UK, Russia, Poland, UAE and Bahrain beginning in the first quarter of 2016. 
              (4) 
    Latin America Global Consumer Banking contains only the consumer business in Mexico beginning in the first quarter of 2016. 

143 

Intangible Assets 
  The components of intangible assets were as follows: 

The changes in intangible assets were as follows: 

(1) 
    Reflects the recognition during the second quarter of 2016 of additional purchased credit card relationships and contract-related intangible assets as a result of the acquisition of the Costco cards portfolio, as well as the renewal and extension of the co-branded credit card program agreement with American Airlines.   
              (2) 
    For additional information on Citi s MSRs, including the roll-forward for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

144 

16.   DEBT 
  For additional information regarding Citi s short-term borrowings and long-term debt, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Short-Term Borrowings 

(1) 
    Includes borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks and other market participants. At   September 30, 2016  , collateralized short-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Banks were   $10.0 billion  . At   December 31, 2015  ,   no   amounts were outstanding. 

Long-Term Debt 

(1) 
    Represents the parent holding company. 
               (3) 
    Represents broker-dealer subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company. 
       
  Long-term debt   outstanding includes trust preferred securities with a balance sheet carrying value of   $1.7 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The following table presents Citi s outstanding trust preferred securities at   September 30, 2016  : 

Note: Distributions on the trust preferred securities and interest on the subordinated debentures are payable semiannually for Citigroup Capital III and Citigroup Capital XVIII and quarterly for Citigroup Capital XIII. 
           (1) 
    Represents the notional value received by investors from the trusts at the time of issuance. 
              (2) 
    In each case, the coupon rate on the subordinated debentures is the same as that on the trust preferred securities.  
     
   145 

17.   CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Changes in each component of Citigroup s   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   were as follows: 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016  : 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015  : 

146 

(1) 
    Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, changes in DVA are reflected as a component of AOCI, pursuant to the adoption of only the provisions of ASU 2016-01 relating to the presentation of DVA on fair value option liabilities. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding this change. 
              (2) 
    Primarily driven by Citigroup s pay fixed/receive floating interest rate swap programs that hedge the floating rates on liabilities. 
              (3) 
    Primarily reflects adjustments based on the quarterly actuarial valuations of the Company s significant pension and postretirement plans, annual actuarial valuations of all other plans, and amortization of amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income.  
              (4) 
    Primarily reflects the movements in (by order of impact) the Mexican peso, Korean Won, Japanese Yen, and Australian Dollar against the U.S. dollar, and changes in related tax effects and hedges for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . Primarily reflects the movements in (by order of impact) the Mexican peso, Japanese Yen, Brazilian Real and Korean Won against the U.S. dollar, and changes in related tax effects and hedges for nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . Primarily reflects the movements in (by order of impact) the Mexican peso, Brazilian real, Korean won and British pound against the U.S. dollar, and changes in related tax effects and hedges for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Primarily reflects the movements in (by order of impact) the Mexican peso, Brazilian real, Korean won and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar, and changes in related tax effects and hedges for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
       
  The pretax and after-tax changes in each component of   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   were as follows: 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016 

(1) 
    Represents the   ($15) million   adjustment related to the initial adoption of ASU 2016-01. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

147 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015 

148 

The Company recognized pretax gain (loss) related to amounts in AOCI reclassified     in the Consolidated Statement of Income as follows: 

(1) 
    The pretax amount is reclassified to   Realized gains (losses) on sales of investments, net   and   Gross impairment losses   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
              (2) 
    See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
              (3) 
    See Note   8   to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 

149 

The Company recognized pretax gain (loss) related to amounts in AOCI reclassified     in the Consolidated Statement of Income as follows: 

(1) 
    The pretax amount is reclassified to   Realized gains (losses) on sales of investments, net   and   Gross impairment losses   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
              (2) 
    See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
              (3) 
    See Note   8   to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 

150 

18. SECURITIZATIONS AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 
    
  For additional information regarding Citi s use of special purpose entities (SPEs) and variable interest entities (VIEs), see Notes 22 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and First Quarter of 2016 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, respectively. 
    
  Citigroup s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs with which the Company holds significant variable interests or has continuing involvement through servicing a majority of the assets in a VIE is presented below:   

Note: Certain adjustments have been made to the   December 31, 2015   information to conform to the current period s presentation. 
  (1)    The definition of maximum exposure to loss is included in the text that follows this table. 
   
   151 

(3) 
    A significant unconsolidated VIE is an entity where the Company has any variable interest or continuing involvement considered to be significant, regardless of the likelihood of loss. 
              (4) 
    Citigroup mortgage securitizations also include agency and non-agency (private-label) re-securitization activities. These SPEs are not consolidated. See  Re-securitizations  below for further discussion. 

The previous tables do not include: 

certain venture capital investments made by some of the Company s private equity subsidiaries, as the Company accounts for these investments in accordance with the Investment Company Audit Guide (codified in ASC 946); 
                
    certain investment funds for which the Company provides investment management services and personal estate trusts for which the Company provides administrative, trustee and/or investment management services;  
                
    certain VIEs structured by third parties where the Company holds securities in inventory, as these investments are made on arm s-length terms;  
                
    certain positions in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities held by the Company, which are classified as   Trading account assets   or   Investments  , where the Company has no other involvement with the related securitization entity deemed to be significant (for more information on these positions, see Notes 20 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements);  
                
    certain representations and warranties exposures in legacy   ICG  -sponsored mortgage-backed and asset-backed securitizations, where the Company has no variable interest or continuing involvement as servicer. The outstanding balance of mortgage loans securitized during 2005 to 2008 where the Company has no variable interest or continuing involvement as servicer was approximately   $10 billion   and   $12 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; 
                
    certain representations and warranties exposures in Citigroup residential mortgage securitizations, where the original mortgage loan balances are no longer outstanding; and 
                
    VIEs such as trust preferred securities trusts used in connection with the Company s funding activities. The Company does not have a variable interest in these trusts. 

The asset balances for consolidated VIEs represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Company. The carrying amount may represent the amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan or security) and the Company s standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. 
  The asset balances for unconsolidated VIEs where the Company has significant involvement represent the most current information available to the Company. In most cases, the asset balances represent an amortized cost basis without regard to impairments, unless fair value information is readily available to the Company. For VIEs that obtain asset exposures synthetically through derivative instruments, the tables generally include the full original notional amount of the derivative as an asset balance. 
  The maximum funded exposure represents the balance sheet carrying amount of the Company s investment in the VIE. It reflects the initial amount of cash invested in the VIE adjusted for any accrued interest and cash principal payments received. The carrying amount may also be adjusted for increases or declines in fair value or any impairment in value recognized in earnings. The maximum exposure of unfunded positions represents the remaining undrawn committed amount, including liquidity and credit facilities provided by the Company, or the notional amount of a derivative instrument considered to be a variable interest. In certain transactions, the Company has entered into derivative instruments or other arrangements that are not considered variable interests in the VIE (e.g., interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, or where the Company is the purchaser of credit protection under a credit default swap or total return swap where the Company pays the total return on certain assets to the SPE). Receivables under such arrangements are not included in the maximum exposure amounts. 

152 

Funding Commitments for Significant Unconsolidated VIEs Liquidity Facilities and Loan Commitments 
  The following table presents the notional amount of liquidity facilities and loan commitments that are classified as funding commitments in the VIE tables above: 

Significant Interests in Unconsolidated VIEs Balance Sheet Classification 
  The following table presents the carrying amounts and classification of significant variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs: 

Credit Card Securitizations 
  Substantially all of the Company s credit card securitization activity is through   two   trusts Citibank Credit Card Master Trust (Master Trust) and the Citibank Omni Master Trust  

(Omni Trust), with the substantial majority through the Master Trust. These trusts are consolidated entities.  
  The following table reflects amounts related to the Company s securitized credit card receivables: 

The following tables summarize selected cash flow information related to Citigroup s credit card securitizations: 

The weighted average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by the Master Trust was   2.2 years   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2.4 years   as of   December 31, 2015  . 

Master Trust Liabilities (at Par Value) 

The weighted average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by the Omni Trust was   0.1 years   as of   September 30, 2016   and   0.9 years   as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Omni Trust Liabilities (at Par Value)   

153 

Mortgage Securitizations 

The following tables summarize selected cash flow information related to Citigroup mortgage securitizations: 
                                         
    Three months ended September 30, 
        
    2016 
    2015 
      In billions of dollars 
    U.S. agency-  sponsored  mortgages 
    Non-agency-  sponsored  mortgages 
    U.S. agency-  sponsored  mortgages 
    Non-agency-  sponsored  mortgages 
      Proceeds from new securitizations 
    $ 
    11.7 
      
    $ 
    1.4 
      
    $ 
    6.8 
      
    $ 
    3.1 
      
      Contractual servicing fees received 
    0.1 

0.1 

(1) The proceeds from new securitizations in 2016 include   $0.5 billion   related to personal loan securitizations. 
    
    Gains recognized on the securitization of U.S. agency-sponsored mortgages were   $36 million   and   $81 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , gains recognized on the securitization of non-agency sponsored mortgages were   $37 million   and   $65 million  , respectively. 

Gains recognized on the securitization of U.S. agency-sponsored mortgages were   $25 million   and   $115 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , gains recognized on the securitization of non-agency sponsored mortgages were   $7 million   and   $38 million  , respectively. 

Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of retained interests at the date of sale or securitization of mortgage receivables were as follows: 
                             
    Three months ended September 30, 2016 

Non-agency-sponsored mortgages   (1)  
        
    U.S. agency-      sponsored mortgages 
    Senior      interests 
    Subordinated      interests 
      Discount rate 
    1.5% to 13.0% 

Weighted average discount rate 
    10.0 
    % 

Constant prepayment rate 
    7.7% to 30.9% 

Weighted average constant prepayment rate 
    13.7 
    % 

Anticipated net credit losses   (2)  
       NM 

Weighted average anticipated net credit losses 
       NM 

Weighted average life 
    2.0 to 9.8 years 

Note: Citi held no retained interests in non-agency-sponsored mortgages securitized during the third quarter of   2016  . 
  
   154 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 

Non-agency-sponsored mortgages   (1)  
        
    U.S. agency-  sponsored mortgages 
    Senior  interests 
    Subordinated  interests 
      Discount rate 
    0.8% to 13.0% 

Weighted average discount rate 
    9.1 
    % 

Constant prepayment rate 
    7.7% to 30.9% 

Weighted average constant prepayment rate 
    12.8 
    % 

Anticipated net credit losses   (2)  
       NM 

Weighted average anticipated net credit losses 
       NM 

Weighted average life 
    0.5 to 17.5 years 

Note: Citi held no retained interests in non-agency-sponsored mortgages securitized during   2016  . 

(1) 
    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests  position in the capital structure of the securitization. 
              (2) 
    Anticipated net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations. 
              NM 
    Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees. 

155 

The interests retained by the Company range from highly rated and/or senior in the capital structure to unrated and/or residual interests. 
  The key assumptions used to value retained interests, and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of   10%   and   20%   in each of the key assumptions, are set forth in the tables  

below. The negative effect of each change is calculated independently, holding all other assumptions constant. Because the key assumptions may not be independent, the net effect of simultaneous adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the individual effects shown below. 

(1) 
    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests  position in the capital structure of the securitization. 
              (2) 
    Anticipated net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations. 
              NM 
    Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees. 
     
   156 

Note: There were no subordinated interests in mortgage securitizations in Citi Holdings as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
           (1) 
    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests  position in the capital structure of the securitization. 
              NM 
    Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees. 
       
  Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) 
  The fair value of Citi s capitalized MSRs was   $1.3 billion   and   $1.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The MSRs correspond to principal loan balances of   $173 billion   and   $203 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The following tables summarize the changes in capitalized MSRs: 

(1) 
    Represents changes due to customer payments and passage of time. 
              (2) 
    Amount includes sales of credit challenged MSRs for which Citi paid the new servicer. 

157 

The Company receives fees during the course of servicing previously securitized mortgages. The amounts of these fees were as follows: 

In the Consolidated Statement of Income these fees are primarily classified as   Commissions and fees,   and changes in MSR fair values are classified as   Other revenue  . 
    
  Re-securitizations 
  The Company engages in re-securitization transactions in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests. Citi did not transfer non-agency (private-label) securities to re-securitization entities during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , Citi transferred non-agency (private-label) securities with an original par value of   $141 million   and   $790 million  , respectively, to re-securitization entities. These securities are backed by either residential or commercial mortgages and are often structured on behalf of clients.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of Citi-retained interests in private-label re-securitization transactions structured by Citi totaled approximately   $133 million   (all related to re-securitization transactions executed prior to   2016  ), which has been recorded in   Trading account assets  . Of this amount, substantially all was related to subordinated beneficial interests. As of   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of Citi-retained interests in private-label re-securitization transactions structured by Citi totaled approximately   $428 million   (including   $132 million   related to re-securitization transactions executed in   2015  ). Of this amount, approximately   $18 million   was related to senior beneficial interests, and approximately   $410 million   was related to subordinated beneficial interests. The original par value of private-label re-securitization transactions in which Citi holds a retained interest as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was approximately   $1.5 billion   and   $3.7 billion  , respectively. 
  The Company also re-securitizes U.S. government-agency guaranteed mortgage-backed (agency) securities. During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , Citi transferred agency securities with a fair value of approximately   $7.1 billion   and   $21.3 billion  , respectively, to re-securitization entities compared to approximately   $3.5 billion   and   $12.4 billion   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of Citi-retained interests in agency re-securitization transactions structured by Citi totaled approximately   $2.4 billion   (including   $670 million   related to re-securitization transactions executed in   2016  ) compared to   $1.8 billion   as of   December 31, 2015   (including   $1.5 billion   related to re-securitization transactions executed in   2015  ), which is recorded in   Trading account assets  . The original fair value of agency re-securitization transactions in  

which Citi holds a retained interest as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was approximately   $69.9 billion   and   $65.0 billion  , respectively. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company did not consolidate any private-label or agency re-securitization entities. 
    
  Citi-Administered Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Conduits 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the commercial paper conduits administered by Citi had approximately   $20.3 billion   and   $21.3 billion   of purchased assets outstanding, respectively, and had incremental funding commitments with clients of approximately   $13.5 billion   and   $11.6 billion  , respectively. 
  Substantially all of the funding of the conduits is in the form of short-term commercial paper. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the weighted average remaining lives of the commercial paper issued by the conduits were approximately   60   and   56 days  , respectively.  
  The primary credit enhancement provided to the conduit investors is in the form of transaction-specific credit enhancements described above. In addition to the transaction-specific credit enhancements, the conduits, other than the government guaranteed loan conduit, have obtained a letter of credit from the Company, which is equal to at least   8%   to   10%   of the conduit s assets with a minimum of   $200 million  . The letters of credit provided by the Company to the conduits total approximately   $1.8 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The net result across multi-seller conduits administered by the Company, other than the government guaranteed loan conduit, is that, in the event defaulted assets exceed the transaction-specific credit enhancements described above, any losses in each conduit are allocated first to the Company and then the commercial paper investors. 
   At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company owned   $10.2 billion   and   $11.4 billion  , respectively, of the commercial paper issued by its administered conduits. The Company's investments were not driven by market illiquidity and the Company is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by the conduits. 
    
  Collateralized Loan Obligations 
  Key Assumptions and Retained Interests 
  The key assumptions used to value retained interests in CLOs, and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of 10% and 20% are set forth in the tables below: 

158 

Asset-Based Financing 
  The primary types of Citi s asset-based financings, total assets of the unconsolidated VIEs with significant involvement, and Citi s maximum exposure to loss are shown below. For Citi to realize the maximum loss, the VIE (borrower) would have to default with no recovery from the assets held by the VIE. 

Municipal Securities Tender Option Bond (TOB) Trusts 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company held   $193 million   and   $2 million  , respectively, of Floaters related to customer and non-customer TOB trusts. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   $82 million   of the municipal bonds owned by non-customer TOB trusts are subject to a credit guarantee provided by the Company. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , liquidity agreements provided with respect to customer TOB trusts totaled   $2.8 billion   and   $3.1 billion  , respectively, of which   $2.1 billion   and   $2.2 billion  , respectively, were offset by reimbursement agreements. For the remaining exposure related to TOB transactions, where the Residual owned by the customer was at least   25%   of the bond value at the inception of the transaction, no reimbursement agreement was executed.  
  The Company also provides other liquidity agreements or letters of credit to customer-sponsored municipal investment funds, which are not variable interest entities, and municipality-related issuers that totaled   $9.6 billion   and   $8.1 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These liquidity agreements and letters of credit are offset by reimbursement agreements with various term-out provisions. 
    
  Client Intermediation 
  The proceeds from new securitizations related to the Company s client intermediation transactions for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   totaled approximately   $0.5 billion   and   $1.9 billion  , respectively, compared to   $0.4 billion   and   $1.2 billion   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  

159 

19.   DERIVATIVES ACTIVITIES 
  In the ordinary course of business, Citigroup enters into various types of derivative transactions. For additional information regarding Citi s use of and accounting for derivatives, see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Information pertaining to Citigroup s derivative activity, based on notional amounts is presented in the table below. Derivative notional amounts are reference amounts from which contractual payments are derived and do not represent a complete and accurate measure of Citi s exposure to derivative transactions.  Rather, Citi s derivative exposure arises primarily from market fluctuations (i.e., market risk), counterparty failure (i.e., credit risk) and/or periods of high volatility or financial stress (i.e., liquidity risk), as well as any market valuation adjustments that may be required on the transactions.  Moreover, notional amounts do not reflect the netting of offsetting trades. For example, if Citi enters into an interest rate swap with   $100 million   notional, and offsets this risk with an identical but opposite position with a different counterparty,   $200 million   in derivative notionals is reported, although these offsetting positions may result in de minimis overall market risk.  Aggregate derivative notional amounts can fluctuate from period to period in the normal course of business based on Citi s market share, levels of client activity and other factors. 

160 

Derivative Notionals 

(1) 
    The notional amounts presented in this table do not include hedge accounting relationships under ASC 815 where Citigroup is hedging the foreign currency risk of a net investment in a foreign operation by issuing a foreign-currency-denominated debt instrument. The notional amount of such debt was   $1,991 million   and   $2,102 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
              (2) 
    Derivatives in hedge accounting relationships accounted for under ASC 815 are recorded in either   Other assets/Other liabilities   or   Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
              (3) 
    Management hedges represent derivative instruments used to mitigate certain economic risks, but for which hedge accounting is not applied. These derivatives are recorded in either   Other assets/Other liabilities   or   Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
              (4) 
    Credit derivatives are arrangements designed to allow one party (protection buyer) to transfer the credit risk of a  reference asset  to another party (protection seller). These arrangements allow a protection seller to assume the credit risk associated with the reference asset without directly purchasing that asset. The Company enters into credit derivative positions for purposes such as risk management, yield enhancement, reduction of credit concentrations and diversification of overall risk. 

161 

The following tables present the gross and net fair values of the Company s derivative transactions, and the related offsetting amounts as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Gross positive fair values are offset against gross negative fair values by counterparty pursuant to enforceable master netting agreements. Under ASC 815-10-45, payables and receivables in respect of cash collateral received from or paid to a given counterparty pursuant to a credit support annex are included in the offsetting amount if a legal opinion supporting enforceability of netting and collateral rights has been obtained. GAAP does not permit similar offsetting for security collateral. The tables also include amounts that are not permitted to be offset, such as security collateral posted or cash collateral posted at third-party custodians, but which would be eligible for offsetting to the extent an event of default occurred and a legal opinion supporting enforceability of the netting and collateral rights has been obtained. 

162 

Derivative Mark-to-Market (MTM) Receivables/Payables 

(1) 
    The trading derivatives fair values are presented in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (2) 
    Derivative mark-to-market receivables/payables related to management hedges are recorded in either   Other assets/Other liabilities   or   Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities  . 
              (3) 
    Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives are derivatives executed and settled bilaterally with counterparties without the use of an organized exchange or central clearing house. Cleared derivatives include derivatives executed bilaterally with a counterparty in the OTC market but then novated to a central clearing house, whereby the central clearing house becomes the counterparty to both of the original counterparties. Exchange traded derivatives include derivatives executed directly on an organized exchange that provides pre-trade price transparency. 
               (5) 
    For the trading account assets/liabilities, reflects the net amount of the   $61,808 million   and   $71,698 million   of gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively. Of the gross cash collateral paid,   $53,460 million   was used to offset trading derivative liabilities and, of the gross cash collateral received,   $55,239 million   was used to offset trading derivative assets. 
     
   163 

(6) 
    For cash collateral paid with respect to non-trading derivative assets, reflects the net amount of   $35 million   of gross cash collateral paid, of which   $29 million   is netted against non-trading derivative positions within   Other liabilities  . For cash collateral received with respect to non-trading derivative liabilities, reflects the net amount of   $1,732 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $1,682 million   is netted against OTC non-trading derivative positions within   Other assets  . 
              (7) 
    Represents the netting of derivative receivable and payable balances with the same counterparty under enforceable netting agreements. Approximately   $405 billion  ,   $183 billion   and   $9 billion   of the netting against trading account asset/liability balances is attributable to each of the OTC, cleared and exchange-traded derivatives, respectively. 
              (8) 
    Represents the netting of cash collateral paid and received by counterparty under enforceable credit support agreements. Substantially all cash collateral received  and paid is netted against OTC derivative assets and liabilities, respectively. 
              (9) 
    The net receivables/payables include approximately   $9 billion   of derivative asset and   $9 billion   of derivative liability fair values not subject to enforceable master netting agreements, respectively. 

(1) 
    The trading derivatives fair values are presented in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
              (2) 
    Derivative mark-to-market receivables/payables related to management hedges are recorded in either   Other assets/Other liabilities   or   Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities  . 
              (3) 
    Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives include derivatives executed and settled bilaterally with counterparties without the use of an organized exchange or central clearing house. Cleared derivatives include derivatives executed bilaterally with a counterparty in the OTC market but then novated to a central clearing house,  
     
   164 

whereby the central clearing house becomes the counterparty to both of the original counterparties. Exchange traded derivatives include derivatives executed directly on an organized exchange that provides pre-trade price transparency. 
            (5) 
    For the trading account assets/liabilities, reflects the net amount of the   $47,520 million   and   $56,855 million   of gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively. Of the gross cash collateral paid,   $42,609 million   was used to offset derivative liabilities and, of the gross cash collateral received,   $43,227 million   was used to offset derivative assets. 
              (6) 
    For cash collateral paid with respect to non-trading derivative assets, reflects the net amount of   $61 million   of the gross cash collateral received, of which   $53 million   is netted against non-trading derivative positions within   Other liabilities  . For cash collateral received with respect to non-trading derivative liabilities, reflects the net amount of   $1,986 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $1,949 million   is netted against non-trading derivative positions within   Other assets  . 
              (7) 
    Represents the netting of derivative receivable and payable balances with the same counterparty under enforceable netting agreements. Approximately   $391 billion  ,   $126 billion   and   $7 billion   of the netting against trading account asset/liability balances is attributable to each of the OTC, cleared and exchange-traded derivatives, respectively. 
              (8) 
    Represents the netting of cash collateral paid and received by counterparty under enforceable credit support agreements. Substantially all cash collateral received and paid is netted against OTC derivative assets and liabilities, respectively. 
              (9) 
    The net receivables/payables include approximately   $10 billion   of derivative asset and   $10 billion   of liability fair values not subject to enforceable master netting agreements, respectively. 
         
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the amounts recognized in   Principal transactions   in the Consolidated Statement of Income related to derivatives not designated in a qualifying hedging relationship, as well as the underlying non-derivative instruments, are presented in Note   6   to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Citigroup presents this disclosure by business classification, showing derivative gains and losses related to its trading activities together with gains and losses related to non-derivative instruments within the same trading portfolios, as this represents the way these portfolios are risk managed. 
  The amounts recognized in   Other revenue   in the Consolidated Statement of Income related to derivatives not designated in a qualifying hedging relationship are shown below. The table below does not include any offsetting gains/losses on the economically hedged items to the extent such amounts are also recorded in   Other revenue  . 

165 

The following table presents the gains (losses) on the Company s fair value hedges: 

(1) 
    Amounts are included in   Other revenue   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The accrued interest income on fair value hedges is recorded in   Net interest revenue   and is excluded from this table.   
              (2) 
    Amounts relate to the premium associated with forward contracts (differential between spot and contractual forward rates). These amounts are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are reflected directly in earnings.  
     
   166 

Cash Flow Hedges 
  The amount of hedge ineffectiveness on the cash flow hedges recognized in earnings for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and 2015 is not significant. The pretax change in AOCI from cash flow hedges is presented below: 

(1) 
    Included primarily in   Other revenue   and   Net interest revenue   on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
       For cash flow hedges, the changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative remaining in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheet will be included in the earnings of future periods to offset the variability of the hedged cash flows when such cash flows affect earnings. The net loss associated with cash flow hedges expected to be reclassified from AOCI     within 12 months of   September 30, 2016   is approximately $  39 million  . The maximum length of time over which forecasted cash flows are hedged is   10 years  . 
  The after-tax impact of cash flow hedges on AOCI is shown in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Net Investment Hedges 
  The pretax gain (loss) recorded in the   Foreign currency translation adjustment   account within AOCI, related to the effective portion of the net investment hedges, is $  (371) million   and $  (1,791) million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and $  1,842 million   and $  2,599 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

167 

Credit Derivatives 

The following tables summarize the key characteristics of Citi s credit derivatives portfolio by counterparty and derivative form: 

(1) 
    The fair value amount receivable is composed of $  11,567 million   under protection purchased and $  18,504 million   under protection sold. 

168 

(1) 
    The fair value amount receivable is composed of $  18,799 million   under protection purchased and $  16,918 million   under protection sold. 
          
  Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features in Derivatives 
  Certain derivative instruments contain provisions that require the Company to either post additional collateral or immediately settle any outstanding liability balances upon the occurrence of a specified event related to the credit risk of the Company. These events, which are defined by the existing derivative contracts, are primarily downgrades in the credit ratings of the Company and its affiliates. The fair value (excluding CVA) of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was $  27 billion   and $  22 billion  , respectively. The Company had posted $  24 billion   and $  19 billion   as collateral for this exposure in the normal course of business as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  A downgrade could trigger additional collateral or cash settlement requirements for the Company and certain affiliates. In the event that Citigroup and Citibank were downgraded a single notch by all   three   major rating agencies as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company could be required to post an additional $  1.7 billion   as either collateral or settlement of the derivative transactions. Additionally, the Company could be required to segregate with third-party custodians collateral previously received from existing derivative counterparties in the amount of $  0.1 billion   upon the single notch downgrade, resulting in aggregate cash obligations and collateral requirements of approximately $  1.8 billion  . 
    
  Derivatives Accompanied by Financial Asset Transfers 
  For transfers of financial assets accounted for by the Company as a sale, where the Company has retained substantially all of the economic exposure to the transferred asset through a total return swap executed in contemplation of the initial sale with the same counterparty and still outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , both the asset carrying amounts derecognized and gross cash proceeds received as of the date of derecognition were   $1.5 billion  . At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of these previously derecognized assets was   $1.5 billion   and the fair value of the total return swaps was   $13 million   recorded as gross derivative assets and   $6 million   recorded as gross derivative liabilities. The balances for the total return swaps are on a gross basis, before the application of counterparty and cash collateral netting, and are included primarily as equity derivatives in the tabular disclosures in this Note. 

169 

20.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 
  For additional information regarding fair value measurement at Citi, see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Market Valuation Adjustments 
  The table below summarizes the credit valuation adjustments (CVA) and funding valuation adjustments (FVA) applied to the fair value of derivative instruments at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015: 

(1)  
    FVA is included with CVA for presentation purposes. 
       
  The table below summarizes pretax gains (losses) related to changes in CVA on derivative instruments, net of hedges, FVA on derivatives and debt valuation adjustments (DVA) reflecting the change in Citi s own credit spreads on fair value option (FVO) liabilities for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    FVA is included with CVA for presentation purposes. 
              (2) 
    See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 

170 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The following tables present for each of the fair value hierarchy levels the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company may hedge positions that have been classified in the Level 3 category with other financial instruments (hedging instruments) that may be  

classified as Level 3, but also with financial instruments classified as Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The effects of these hedges are presented gross in the following tables: 

Fair Value Levels 

171 

(1) 
    For the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company transferred assets of approximately   $0.1 billion   and   $1.1 billion   from Level 1 to Level 2, respectively, primarily related to foreign government securities and equity securities not traded in active markets. During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company transferred assets of approximately   $1.4 billion   and   $3.7 billion   from Level 2 to Level 1, respectively, primarily related to foreign government bonds traded with sufficient frequency to constitute an active market. During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company transferred liabilities of approximately   $0.2 billion   and   $0.3 billion   from Level 2 to Level 1, respectively. During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   material transfers of liabilities from Level 1 to Level 2. 
              (2) 
    Represents netting of: (i) the amounts due under securities purchased under agreements to resell and the amounts owed under securities sold under agreements to repurchase; and (ii) derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting agreement and cash collateral offsetting. 
              (3) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $61,808 million   of gross cash collateral paid, of which   $53,460 million   was used to offset trading derivative liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Amounts exclude   $0.7 billion   investments measured at Net Asset Value (NAV) in accordance with ASU No. 2015-07,   Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). 
              (5) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $35 million   of gross cash collateral paid, of which $  29 million   was used to offset non-trading derivative liabilities.  
              (6) 
    Because the amount of the cash collateral paid/received has not been allocated to the Level 1, 2 and 3 subtotals, these percentages are calculated based on total assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding the cash collateral paid/received on derivatives. 
              (7) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $71,698 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $55,239 million   was used to offset trading derivative assets. 
              (8) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $1,732 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $1,682 million   was used to offset non-trading derivative assets. 
     
   172 

(9) 
    Includes positions related to investments in unallocated precious metals, as discussed in  Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Also includes physical commodities accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value and unfunded credit products. 
       
  Fair Value Levels 

173 

(1) 
    In 2015, the Company transferred assets of approximately   $3.3 billion    from Level 1 to Level 2, respectively, primarily related to foreign government securities and equity securities not traded in active markets. In 2015, the Company transferred assets of approximately   $4.4 billion   from Level 2 to Level 1, respectively, primarily related to foreign government bonds and equity securities traded with sufficient frequency to constitute a liquid market. In 2015, the Company transferred liabilities of approximately   $0.6 billion   from Level 2 to Level 1. In 2015, the Company transferred liabilities of approximately   $0.4 billion   from Level 1 to Level 2. 
              (2) 
    Represents netting of: (i) the amounts due under securities purchased under agreements to resell and the amounts owed under securities sold under agreements to repurchase; and (ii) derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting agreement and cash collateral offsetting. 
              (3) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $47,520 million   of gross cash collateral paid, of which   $42,609 million   was used to offset trading derivative liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Amounts exclude   $0.9 billion   investments measured at Net Asset Value (NAV) in accordance with ASU No. 2015-07,   Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). 
              (5) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $61 million   of gross cash collateral paid, of which   $53 million   was used to offset non-trading derivative liabilities. 
              (6) 
    Because the amount of the cash collateral paid/received has not been allocated to the Level 1, 2 and 3 subtotals, these percentages are calculated based on total assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding the cash collateral paid/received on derivatives. 
              (7) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $56,855 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $43,227 million   was used to offset trading derivative assets. 
              (8) 
    Reflects the net amount of   $1,986 million   of gross cash collateral received, of which   $1,949 million   was used to offset non-trading derivative assets. 
              (9) 
    Includes positions related to investments in unallocated precious metals, as discussed in  Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Also includes physical commodities accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value and unfunded credit products. 
     
   174 

Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Category 
  The following tables present the changes in the Level 3 fair value category for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The gains and losses presented below include changes in the fair value related to both observable and unobservable inputs. 
  The Company often hedges positions with offsetting positions that are classified in a different level. For example, the gains and losses for assets and liabilities in the Level 3  

category presented in the tables below do not reflect the effect of offsetting losses and gains on hedging instruments that may be classified in the Level 1 or Level 2 categories. In addition, the Company hedges items classified in the Level 3 category with instruments also classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The hedged items and related hedges are presented gross in the following tables: 

Level 3 Fair Value Rollforward 

175 

176 

177 

(1) 
    Changes in fair value for available-for-sale investments are recorded in AOCI, unless related to other-than-temporary impairment, while gains and losses from sales are recorded in   Realized gains (losses) from sales of investments   on the Consolidated Statement of Income.  
              (2) 
    Unrealized gains (losses) on MSRs are recorded in   Other revenue   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
              (3) 
    Represents the amount of total gains or losses for the period, included in earnings (and AOCI for changes in fair value of available-for-sale investments), attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 that are still held at   September 30, 2016  . 
              (4) 
    Total Level 3 trading derivative assets and liabilities have been netted in these tables for presentation purposes only. 

178 

179 

180 

181 

(1)   
    Changes in fair value of available-for-sale investments are recorded in AOCI, unless related to other-than-temporary impairment, while gains and losses from sales are recorded in   Realized gains (losses) from sales of investments   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
              (2) 
    Unrealized gains (losses) on MSRs are recorded in   Other revenue   on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
              (3) 
    Represents the amount of total gains or losses for the period, included in earnings (and AOCI for changes in fair value of available-for-sale investments), attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 that are still held at   September 30, 2015  . 
              (4) 
    Total Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities have been netted in these tables for presentation purposes only. 
       Level 3 Fair Value Rollforward 
  The following were the significant Level 3 transfers for the period   June 30, 2016   to   September 30, 2016  :  

Transfers of   Other trading assets   of   $0.3 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $0.9 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, related to trading loans, reflecting changes in the volume of market quotations. 
                
    Transfers of   Long-term debt   of   $0.9 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $1.6 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, mainly related to structured debt, reflecting changes in the significance of unobservable inputs as well as certain underlying market inputs becoming less or more observable. 
       
  The following were the significant Level 3 transfers for the period December 31, 2015 to   September 30, 2016  :  

Transfers of   Trading mortgage-backed securities   of   $0.5 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $1.0 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, related to Agency Guaranteed MBS securities, reflecting changes in the volume of market quotations. 
                
    Transfers of   Other trading assets   of   $1.8 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $2.4 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, related to trading loans, reflecting changes in the volume of market quotations. 
                
    Transfers of   Long-term debt   of   $2.2 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $3.4 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, mainly related to structured debt, reflecting changes in the significance of unobservable inputs as well as certain  

underlying market inputs becoming less or more observable. 
             
    Transfers of   State and municipal   of   $1.1 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, mainly related to changes in the volume of market quotations. 
       
  There were no significant Level 3 transfers for the period from June 30, 2015 to September 30, 2015. 
    
  The following were the significant Level 3 transfers for the period December 31, 2014 to September 30, 2015:  

Transfers of   Federal Funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell   of   $2.9 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2 related to shortening of the remaining tenor of certain reverse repos. There is more transparency and observability for repo curves used in the valuation of structured reverse repos with tenors up to   five   years; thus, these positions are generally classified as Level 2. 
                
    Transfers of U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed MBS in   Trading account assets   of   $1 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2 primarily related to increased observability due to an increase in market trading activity.  
                
    Transfers of   Other trading assets   of   $2.7 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2 primarily related to trading loans for which there was increased volume of and transparency into market quotations.   
                
    Transfers of   Long-term debt   of   $2.1 billion   from Level 2 to Level 3, and of   $2.8 billion   from Level 3 to Level 2, mainly related to structured debt, reflecting certain  

182 

unobservable inputs becoming less significant and certain underlying market inputs being more observable.  

183 

Valuation Techniques and Inputs for Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
  The following tables present the valuation techniques covering the majority of Level 3 inventory and the most significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements.  

Differences between this table and amounts presented in the Level 3 Fair Value Rollforward table represent individually immaterial items that have been measured using a variety of valuation techniques other than those listed. 

184 

185 

(1) 
    The fair value amounts presented in these tables represent the primary valuation technique or techniques for each class of assets or liabilities. 
              (2) 
    Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding. 
              (3) 
    When the low and high inputs are the same, there is either a constant input applied to all positions, or the methodology involving the input applies to only one large position. 
              (4) 
    Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments. 
              (5) 
    For equity securities, the price and fund NAV inputs are expressed on an absolute basis, not as a percentage of the notional amount. 
              (6) 
    Both trading and nontrading account derivatives assets and liabilities are presented on a gross absolute value basis. 
              (7) 
    Includes hybrid products. 

186 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and therefore are not included in the tables above. These include assets measured at cost that have been written down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment. In addition, these assets include loans held-for-sale and other real estate owned that are measured at the lower of cost or market. 
  The following table presents the carrying amounts of all assets that were still held for which a nonrecurring fair value measurement was recorded during the three months ended: 

(1)   
    Represents impaired loans held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, primarily real estate secured loans. 

187 

Valuation Techniques and Inputs for Level 3 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements  
  The following tables present the valuation techniques covering the majority of Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurements and the most significant unobservable inputs used in those measurements: 

(1)   
    The fair value amounts presented in this table represent the primary valuation technique or techniques for each class of assets or liabilities. 
              (2) 
    Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments. 
              (3) 
    Represents loans held for investment whose carrying amounts are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
              (4) 
    Includes estimated costs to sell. 
              (5) 
    Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding. 

(1) 
    The fair value amounts presented in this table represent the primary valuation technique or techniques for each class of assets or liabilities. 
              (2) 
    Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments. 
              (3) 
    Represents loans held for investment whose carrying amounts are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
              (4) 
    Includes estimated costs to sell. 
              (5) 
    Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding. 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Changes 
  The following table presents total nonrecurring fair value measurements for the period, included in earnings, attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets that were still held: 

(1) 
    Represents loans held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, primarily real estate loans. 

(1) 
    Represents loans held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, primarily real estate loans. 
              (2) 
    Represents net impairment losses related to an equity investment. 

188 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
  The table below presents the carrying value and fair value of Citigroup s financial instruments that are not carried at fair value. The table below therefore excludes items measured at fair value on a recurring basis presented in the tables above.  

(2) 
    Includes items measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
              (3) 
    Includes cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, brokerage receivables, reinsurance recoverable and other financial instruments included in   Other assets   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
              (4) 
    The carrying value includes long-term debt balances under qualifying fair value hedges. 
              (5) 
    Includes brokerage payables, separate and variable accounts, short-term borrowings (carried at cost) and other financial instruments included in   Other liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
         
  The estimated fair values of the Company s corporate unfunded lending commitments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were liabilities of   $4.4 billion   and   $7.0 billion  , respectively, substantially all of which are classified as Level 3. The Company does not estimate the fair values of consumer unfunded lending commitments, which are generally cancellable by providing notice to the borrower. 

189 

21.   FAIR VALUE ELECTIONS 
  The Company may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings, other than DVA (see below). The election is made upon the initial recognition of an eligible financial asset, financial liability or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events occur. The fair value election may not be revoked once made. The changes in fair value are  

recorded in current earnings, other than DVA, which from January 1, 2016 is reported in AOCI. Additional discussion regarding the applicable areas in which fair value elections were made is presented in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  The Company has elected fair value accounting for its mortgage servicing rights. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions regarding the accounting and reporting of MSRs. 

The following table presents the changes in fair value of those items for which the fair value option has been elected:   

           (1) 
    Includes mortgage loans held by mortgage loan securitization VIEs consolidated upon the adoption of ASC 810,   Consolidation   (SFAS 167), on January 1, 2010. 
              (2) 
    Includes gains (losses) associated with interest rate lock-commitments for those loans that have been originated and elected under the fair value option. 
     
   190 

Own Debt Valuation Adjustments (DVA) 
  Own debt valuation adjustments are recognized on Citi s liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected by reference to Citi s credit spreads observed in the bond market. Among other variables, the fair value of liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected (other than non-recourse and similar liabilities) is impacted by the narrowing or widening of the Company s credit spreads. 
   The estimated change in the fair value of these liabilities due to such changes in the Company s own credit spread (or instrument-specific credit risk) was a loss of   $319 million   and a gain of $  264 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and gains of $  8 million   and $  582 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Changes in fair value resulting from changes in instrument-specific credit risk were estimated by incorporating the Company s current credit spreads observable in the bond market into the relevant valuation technique used to value each liability as described above. Effective January 1, 2016, changes in fair value of fair value option liabilities related to changes in Citigroup s own credit spreads (DVA) are reflected as a component of AOCI; previously these amounts were recognized in Citigroup s   Revenues   and   Net income   along with all other changes in fair value. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
    
  Selected Portfolios of Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell, Securities Borrowed, Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase, Securities Loaned and Certain Non-Collateralized Short-Term Borrowings 
  The Company elected the fair value option for certain portfolios of fixed-income securities purchased under agreements to resell and fixed-income securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed, securities loaned, and certain non-collateralized short-term borrowings held primarily by broker-dealer entities in the United States, United Kingdom and Japan. In each case, the election was made because the related interest-rate risk is managed on a portfolio basis, primarily with offsetting derivative instruments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings.  

Changes in fair value for transactions in these portfolios are recorded in   Principal transactions  . The related interest revenue and interest expense are measured based on the contractual rates specified in the transactions and are reported as interest revenue and expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
    
  Certain Loans and Other Credit Products 
  Citigroup has also elected the fair value option for certain other originated and purchased loans, including certain unfunded loan products, such as guarantees and letters of credit, executed by Citigroup s lending and trading businesses. None of these credit products are highly leveraged financing commitments. Significant groups of transactions include loans and unfunded loan products that are expected to be either sold or securitized in the near term, or transactions where the economic risks are hedged with derivative instruments, such as purchased credit default swaps or total return swaps where the Company pays the total return on the underlying loans to a third party. Citigroup has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational simplifications. Fair value was not elected for most lending transactions across the Company. 

The following table provides information about certain credit products carried at fair value: 

In addition to the amounts reported above, $  1,463 million   and $  2,113 million   of unfunded commitments related to certain credit products selected for fair value accounting were  

outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

191 

Changes in the fair value of funded and unfunded credit products are classified in   Principal transactions   in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. Related interest revenue is measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as   Interest revenue   on   Trading account assets   or loan interest depending on the balance sheet classifications of the credit products. The changes in fair value for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to instrument-specific credit risk totaled to a gain of $  83 million   and loss of $  203 million  , respectively. 
    
  Certain Investments in Unallocated Precious Metals 
  Citigroup invests in unallocated precious metals accounts (gold, silver, platinum and palladium) as part of its commodity and foreign currency trading activities or to economically hedge certain exposures from issuing structured liabilities. Under ASC 815, the investment is bifurcated into a debt host contract and a commodity forward derivative instrument. Citigroup elects the fair value option for the debt host contract, and reports the debt host contract within   Trading account assets   on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The total carrying amount of debt host contracts across unallocated precious metals accounts was approximately $  0.7 billion   and $  0.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The amounts are expected to fluctuate based on trading activity in future periods. 
  As part of its commodity and foreign currency trading activities, Citi trades unallocated precious metals investments and executes forward purchase and forward sale derivative contracts with trading counterparties. When Citi sells an unallocated precious metals investment, Citi s receivable from its depository bank is repaid and Citi derecognizes its investment in the unallocated precious metal. The forward purchase or sale contract with the trading counterparty indexed to unallocated precious metals is accounted for as a derivative, at fair value through earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were approximately $  18.2 billion   and $  14.6 billion   notional amounts of such forward purchase and forward sale derivative contracts outstanding, respectively. 

Certain Investments in Private Equity and Real Estate Ventures and Certain Equity Method and Other Investments 
  Citigroup invests in private equity and real estate ventures for the purpose of earning investment returns and for capital appreciation. The Company has elected the fair value option for certain of these ventures, because such investments are considered similar to many private equity or hedge fund activities in Citi s investment companies, which are reported at fair value. The fair value option brings consistency in the accounting and evaluation of these investments. All investments (debt and equity) in such private equity and real estate entities are accounted for at fair value. These investments are classified as   Investments   on Citigroup s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  Changes in the fair values of these investments are classified in   Other revenue   in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. 
  Citigroup also elects the fair value option for certain non-marketable equity securities whose risk is managed with derivative instruments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. These securities are classified as   Trading account assets   on Citigroup s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Changes in the fair value of these securities and the related derivative instruments are recorded in   Principal transactions  . 
    
  Certain Mortgage Loans Held for Sale (HFS) 
  Citigroup has elected the fair value option for certain purchased and originated prime fixed-rate and conforming adjustable-rate first mortgage loans HFS. These loans are intended for sale or securitization and are hedged with derivative instruments. The Company has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational simplifications. 

The following table provides information about certain mortgage loans HFS carried at fair value: 
                           In millions of dollars 
    September 30,  2016 
    December 31, 2015 
      Carrying amount reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
    $ 
    1,031 
      
    $ 
    745 
      
      Aggregate fair value in excess of unpaid principal balance 
    39 
      
    20 
      
      Balance of non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past due 

Aggregate unpaid principal balance in excess of fair value for non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past due 

The changes in the fair values of these mortgage loans are reported in   Other revenue   in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. There was no net change in fair value during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to instrument-specific credit risk. Related interest income continues to be measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as   Interest revenue   in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

192 

Certain Structured Liabilities 
  The Company has elected the fair value option for certain structured liabilities whose performance is linked to structured interest rates, inflation, currency, equity, referenced credit or commodity risks. The Company elected the fair value option, because these exposures are considered to be trading-related positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis. These positions will continue to be classified as debt, deposits or derivatives (  Trading account liabilities  ) on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet according to their legal form. 

The following table provides information about the carrying value of structured notes, disaggregated by type of embedded derivative instrument: 

Prior to 2016, the total change in the fair value of these structured liabilities was reported in   Principal transactions   in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, the portion of the changes in fair value attributable to changes in Citigroup s own credit spreads (DVA) are reflected as a component of AOCI while all other changes in fair value will continue to be reported in   Principal transactions  . Changes in the fair value of these structured liabilities include accrued interest, which is also included in the change in fair value reported in   Principal transactions  . 

Certain Non-Structured Liabilities 
  The Company has elected the fair value option for certain non-structured liabilities with fixed and floating interest rates. The Company has elected the fair value option where the interest-rate risk of such liabilities may be economically hedged with derivative contracts or the proceeds are used to purchase financial assets that will also be accounted for at fair value through earnings. The elections have been made to mitigate accounting mismatches and to achieve operational simplifications. These positions are reported in   Short-term borrowings   and   Long-term debt   on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Prior to 2016, the total change in the fair value of these non-structured liabilities was reported in   Principal transactions   in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, the portion of the changes in fair value attributable to changes in Citigroup s own credit spreads (DVA) are reflected as a component of AOCI while all other changes in fair value will continue to be reported in   Principal transactions  .  
  Interest expense on non-structured liabilities is measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as   Interest expense   in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

The following table provides information about long-term debt carried at fair value: 

The following table provides information about short-term borrowings carried at fair value: 

193 

22.   GUARANTEES AND COMMITMENTS 
  Citi provides a variety of guarantees and indemnifications to its customers to enhance their credit standing and enable them to complete a wide variety of business transactions. For 
  certain contracts meeting the definition of a guarantee, the guarantor must recognize, at inception, a liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. 
  In addition, the guarantor must disclose the maximum potential amount of future payments that the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee, if there were a total  
  default by the guaranteed parties. The determination of the maximum potential future payments is based on the notional amount of the guarantees without consideration of possible  

recoveries under recourse provisions or from collateral held or pledged. As such, Citi believes such amounts bear no relationship to the anticipated losses, if any, on these guarantees. For additional information regarding Citi s guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables below, as well as its other guarantees and indemnifications excluded from the tables below, see Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The following tables present information about Citi s guarantees at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) 
    The carrying values of securities lending indemnifications and credit card merchant processing were not material for either period presented, as the probability of potential liabilities arising from these guarantees is minimal. 
              (2) 
    At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, this maximum potential exposure was estimated to be   $83 billion   and   $84 billion  , respectively.  However, Citi believes that the maximum exposure is not representative of the actual potential loss exposure based on its historical experience. This contingent liability is unlikely to arise, as most products and services are delivered when purchased and amounts are refunded when items are returned to merchants. 

194 

Loans sold with recourse 
  Loans sold with recourse represent Citi s obligations to 
  reimburse the buyers for loan losses under certain 
  circumstances. Recourse refers to the clause in a sales 
  agreement under which a seller/lender will fully reimburse 
  the buyer/investor for any losses resulting from the 
  purchased loans. This may be accomplished by the seller s 
  taking back any loans that become delinquent. 
  In addition to the amounts shown in the tables above, 
  Citi has recorded a repurchase reserve for its potential 
  repurchases or make-whole liability regarding residential 
  mortgage representation and warranty claims related to its 
  whole loan sales to the U.S. government-sponsored 
  enterprises (GSEs) and, to a lesser extent, private investors. 
  The repurchase reserve was approximately   $114 million   and 
  $152 million   at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, 
  respectively, and these amounts are included in   Other 
  liabilities   on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
    
  Credit card arrangements with partners 
  Citi, in certain of its credit card partner arrangements, 
  provides guarantees to the partner regarding the volume of 
  certain customer originations during the term of the 
  agreement. To the extent such origination targets are not met, 
  the guarantees serve to compensate the partner for certain 
  payments that otherwise would have been generated in 
  connection with such originations. 
    
  Other guarantees and indemnifications 
    
  Credit Card Protection Programs 
  Citi, through its credit card businesses, provides various 
  cardholder protection programs on several of its card 
  products, including programs that provide insurance 
  coverage for rental cars, coverage for certain losses 
  associated with purchased products, price protection for 
  certain purchases and protection for lost luggage. These 
  guarantees are not included in the table, since the total 
  outstanding amount of the guarantees and Citi s maximum 
  exposure to loss cannot be quantified. The protection is 
  limited to certain types of purchases and losses, and it is not 
  possible to quantify the purchases that would qualify for 
  these benefits at any given time. Citi assesses the probability 
  and amount of its potential liability related to these programs 
  based on the extent and nature of its historical loss 
  experience. At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the actual and estimated losses incurred and the carrying value of Citi s obligations related to these programs were 
  immaterial. 
    
  Value-Transfer Networks 
  Citi is a member of, or shareholder in, hundreds of value transfer networks (VTNs) (payment, clearing and settlement 
  systems as well as exchanges) around the world. As a 
  condition of membership, many of these VTNs require that 
  members stand ready to pay a pro rata share of the losses 
  incurred by the organization due to another member s default 
  on its obligations. Citi s potential obligations may be limited 
  to its membership interests in the VTNs, contributions to the 

VTN s funds, or, in limited cases, the obligation may be unlimited. The maximum exposure cannot be estimated as 
  this would require an assessment of future claims that have 
  not yet occurred. Citi believes the risk of loss is remote 
  given historical experience with the VTNs. Accordingly, 
  Citi s participation in VTNs is not reported in the guarantees 
  tables above, and there are no amounts reflected on the 
  Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016   or 
  December 31, 2015 for potential obligations that could arise 
  from Citi s involvement with VTN associations. 
    
  Long-Term Care Insurance Indemnification 
  In the sale of an insurance subsidiary, the Company provided 
  an indemnification to an insurance company for policyholder 
  claims and other liabilities relating to a book of long-term 
  care (LTC) business (for the entire term of the LTC policies) 
  that is fully reinsured by another insurance company. The 
  reinsurer has funded two trusts with securities whose fair 
  value (approximately   $7.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , 
  compared to   $6.3 billion   at December 31, 2015) is designed 
  to cover the insurance company s statutory liabilities for the 
  LTC policies. The assets in these trusts are evaluated and 
  adjusted periodically to ensure that the fair value of the 
  assets continues to cover the estimated statutory liabilities 
  related to the LTC policies, as those statutory liabilities 
  change over time. 
  If the reinsurer fails to perform under the reinsurance 
  agreement for any reason, including insolvency, and the 
  assets in the two trusts are insufficient or unavailable to the 
  ceding insurance company, then Citi must indemnify the 
  ceding insurance company for any losses actually incurred in 
  connection with the LTC policies. Since both events would 
  have to occur before Citi would become responsible for any 
  payment to the ceding insurance company pursuant to its 
  indemnification obligation, and the likelihood of such events 
  occurring is currently not probable, there is no liability 
  reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 related to this indemnification. Citi continues to closely monitor its potential exposure under this indemnification obligation. 
    
  Futures and over-the-counter derivatives clearing 
  Citi provides clearing services for clients executing 
  exchange-traded futures and over-the-counter (OTC) 
  derivatives contracts with central counterparties (CCPs). 
  Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, Citi has 
  concluded that it acts as an agent for accounting purposes in 
  its role as clearing member for these client transactions. As 
  such, Citi does not reflect the underlying exchange-traded 
  futures or OTC derivatives contracts in its Consolidated 
  Financial Statements. See Note 19 for a discussion of Citi s 
  derivatives activities that are reflected in its Consolidated 
  Financial Statements. 
  As a clearing member, Citi collects and remits cash and securities collateral (margin) between its clients and the 
  respective CCP. There are two types of margin: initial 
  margin and variation margin. Where Citi obtains benefits 
  from or controls cash initial margin (e.g., retains an interest 
  spread), cash initial margin collected from clients and 

195 

remitted to the CCP is reflected within Brokerage Payables (payables to customers) and Brokerage Receivables 
  (receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing 
  organizations), respectively. However, for OTC derivatives 
  contracts where Citi has contractually agreed with the client 
  that (a) Citi will pass through to the client all interest paid by 
  the CCP on cash initial margin; (b) Citi will not utilize its 
  right as a clearing member to transform cash margin into 
  other assets; and (c) Citi does not guarantee and is not liable 
  to the client for the performance of the CCP, cash initial 
  margin collected from clients and remitted to the CCP is not 
  reflected on Citi s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The total 
  amount of cash initial margin collected and remitted in this 
  manner was approximately   $6.0 billion   and   $4.3 billion   as of 
  September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
  Variation margin due from clients to the respective CCP, or from the CCP to clients, reflects changes in the value of the client s derivative contracts for each trading day. As a clearing member, Citi is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by clients (e.g., failure of a client to post 
  variation margin to the CCP for negative changes in the 
  value of the client s derivative contracts). In the event of 
  non-performance by a client, Citi would move to close out 
  the client s positions. The CCP would typically utilize initial 
  margin posted by the client and held by the CCP, with any 
  remaining shortfalls required to be paid by Citi as clearing 
  member. Citi generally holds incremental cash or securities 
  margin posted by the client, which would typically be 
  expected to be sufficient to mitigate Citi s credit risk in the 
  event the client fails to perform. 
  As required by ASC 860-30-25-5, securities collateral posted by clients is not recognized on Citi s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Carrying Value Guarantees and Indemnifications 
  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the total carrying amounts of the liabilities related to the guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables above amounted  
  to approximately   $1.4 billion   and   $2.0 billion  , respectively. The carrying value of financial and performance guarantees is included in   Other liabilities  . For loans sold with recourse, 
  the carrying value of the liability is included in   Other 
  liabilities  . 
    
  Collateral 
  Cash collateral available to Citi to reimburse losses realized under these guarantees and indemnifications amounted to   $52 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Securities and other marketable assets held as collateral amounted to   $37 billion   and   $33 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The majority of collateral is held to reimburse losses realized under securities lending indemnifications. Additionally, letters of credit in favor of Citi held as collateral amounted to   $4.1 billion   and   $4.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Other property may also be available to Citi to cover losses under certain guarantees and indemnifications; however, the value of such property has not been determined. 
    
  Performance risk 
  Presented in the tables below are the maximum potential amounts of future payments that are classified based upon internal and external credit ratings as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The determination of the maximum potential future payments is based on the notional amount of the guarantees without consideration of possible recoveries under recourse provisions or from collateral held or pledged. As such, Citi believes such amounts bear no relationship to the anticipated losses, if any, on these guarantees. 

196 

Credit Commitments and Lines of Credit 

The majority of unused commitments are contingent upon customers  maintaining specific credit standards.  
  Commercial commitments generally have floating interest rates and fixed expiration dates and may require payment of fees. Such fees (net of certain direct costs) are deferred and, upon exercise of the commitment, amortized over the life of the loan or, if exercise is deemed remote, amortized over the commitment period. 

197 

23.   CONTINGENCIES 
    
  The following information supplements and amends, as applicable, the disclosures in Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of each of Citigroup s First Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q and Second Quarter of 2016 Form 10-Q. For purposes of this Note, Citigroup, its affiliates and subsidiaries and current and former officers, directors and employees, are sometimes collectively referred to as Citigroup and Related Parties. 
  In accordance with ASC 450, Citigroup establishes accruals for contingencies, including the litigation and regulatory matters disclosed herein, when Citigroup believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. The amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to those matters may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued for those matters. 
  If Citigroup has not accrued for a matter because the matter does not meet the criteria for accrual (as set forth above), or Citigroup believes an exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued for a particular matter, in each case assuming a material loss is reasonably possible, Citigroup discloses the matter. In addition, for such matters, Citigroup discloses an estimate of the aggregate reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts accrued for those matters as to which an estimate can be made. At September 30, 2016, Citigroup s estimate was materially unchanged from its estimate of approximately   $3.0 billion   in the aggregate as of June 30, 2016. 
  As available information changes, the matters for which Citigroup is able to estimate will change, and the estimates themselves will change. In addition, while many estimates presented in financial statements and other financial disclosures involve significant judgment and may be subject to significant uncertainty, estimates of the range of reasonably possible loss arising from litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to particular uncertainties. For example, at the time of making an estimate, Citigroup may have only preliminary, incomplete or inaccurate information about the facts underlying the claim; its assumptions about the future rulings of the court or other tribunal on significant issues, or the behavior and incentives of adverse parties or regulators, may prove to be wrong; and the outcomes it is attempting to predict are often not amenable to the use of statistical or other quantitative analytical tools. In addition, from time to time an outcome may occur that Citigroup had not accounted for in its estimates because it had deemed such an outcome to be remote. For all these reasons, the amount of loss in excess of accruals ultimately incurred for the matters as to which an estimate has been made could be substantially higher or lower than the range of loss included in the estimate. 
  Subject to the foregoing, it is the opinion of Citigroup's management, based on current knowledge and after taking into account its current legal accruals, that the eventual outcome of all matters described in this Note would not be likely to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition  

of Citigroup. Nonetheless, given the substantial or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of such matters, an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on Citigroup s consolidated results of operations or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. 
  For further information on ASC 450 and Citigroup's accounting and disclosure framework for contingencies, including for litigation and regulatory matters disclosed herein, see Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Credit Crisis-Related Litigation and Other Matters 
  Mortgage Related Litigation and Other Matters 
  Mortgage Backed Security Repurchase Claims:   The final payment of the settlement of representation and warranty claims reached with the trustees of   68   trusts established by Citigroup s legacy   Securities and Banking   business during 2005 2008 was made in October 2016. Additional information concerning this proceeding is publicly available in court filings under docket number 653902/2014 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) (Friedman, J.).   
  Mortgage Backed Securities Trustee Actions:   On August 5, 2016, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in the New York State Supreme Court action captioned FIXED INCOME SHARES: SERIES M, ET AL. v. CITIBANK N.A., which Citibank moved to dismiss on September 9, 2016. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 653891/2015 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) (Ramos, J.). 
  On September 7, 2016, plaintiffs in the federal district court action captioned FIXED INCOME SHARES: SERIES M ET AL. v. CITIBANK N.A. submitted a stipulation of voluntary dismissal of plaintiffs  claims as they relate to two of the three trusts in the action. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 14-cv-9373 (S.D.N.Y. (Furman, J.). 
  On September 30, 2016, Citibank s motion to dismiss the action captioned FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE  CORPORATION AS RECEIVER FOR GUARANTY BANK v. CITIBANK N.A. was granted for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 15-cv-6574 (S.D.N.Y.) (Carter, J.). 
  Derivative Actions and Related Proceedings  :     On October 5, 2016, the court dismissed with prejudice plaintiff s derivative complaint in IRA FOR THE BENEFIT OF VICTORIA SHAEV v. CORBAT, ET AL. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 652066/2016 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) (Bransten, J.). 
    
  Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy Proceedings 
  On July 1, 2016, the bankruptcy court entered an order approving the parties  settlement in LEHMAN BROTHERS FINANCE AG v. CITIBANK, N.A., ET AL. A stipulation of dismissal with prejudice was filed on July 26, 2016.  Additional information concerning this action is publicly  

198 

available in court filings under the docket numbers 14-02050 and 09-10583 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y.) (Chapman, J.). 
    
  Tribune Company Bankruptcy 
  On September 9, 2016, Tribune noteholders filed a petition for certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court with respect to the order of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirming the dismissal of their state-law constructive fraudulent conveyance claims against various defendants, including certain Citigroup affiliates. Additional information concerning these actions is publicly available in court filings under the docket numbers 13-3992, 13-3875, 13-4178, and 13-4196 (2d Cir.). 
    
  Depositary Receipts Conversion Litigation   
  Citigroup, Citibank and CGMI were sued by a purported class of persons or entities who, from January 2000 to the present, are or were holders of depositary receipts for which Citi served as the depositary bank and converted foreign-currency dividends or other distributions into U.S. dollars. Plaintiffs allege, among other things, that Citibank breached its deposit agreements by charging a spread for such conversions. Citi s motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part on August 15, 2016, and only the breach of contract claim against Citibank survived the motion. Plaintiffs are seeking disgorgement of Citi s profits, as well as compensatory, consequential and general damages. An appeal of the decision as it relates to standing and statute of limitations was filed on October 7, 2016. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 15 Civ. 9185 (S.D.N.Y.) (McMahon, C.). 
    
  Foreign Exchange Matters 
  Antitrust and Other Litigation:    On October 5, 2016, a preliminary approval hearing was held with respect to the plaintiffs  proposed plan of distribution and notice in the consolidated foreign exchange case. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 13 Civ. 7789 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.). 
  On September 2, 2016, in NYPL v. JPMORGAN CHASE   CO., ET AL., Citigroup and Related Parties, along with other defendant banks, moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 15 Civ. 9300 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.). 
  On September 20, 2016, in ALLEN v. BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION, ET AL., plaintiffs and settling defendants in IN RE FOREIGN EXCHANGE BENCHMARK RATES ANTITRUST LITIGATION filed a joint stipulation dismissing plaintiffs  claims with prejudice. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket numbers 13 Civ. 7789 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.) and 15 Civ. 4285 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.). 
  On August 11, 2016, in WAH ET AL. v. HSBC NORTH AMERICA HOLDINGS INC. ET AL., the court granted defendants  motion to dismiss. On September 28, 2016, the court permitted plaintiffs to move for leave to amend the  

complaint by October 28, 2016. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 15 Civ. 8974 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.).  
  On September 26, 2016, investors in exchange-traded funds (ETFs) commenced a suit captioned BAKER ET AL. v. BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION ET AL. in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Citigroup, Citibank and CGMI, as well as various other banks. The complaint asserts claims under the Sherman Act, New York state antitrust law, and California state antitrust law and unfair competition law, based on alleged foreign exchange market collusion affecting ETF investments.  The plaintiffs seek to certify nationwide, California and New York classes, and request damages and injunctive relief under the relevant statutes, including treble damages where applicable. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 16 Civ. 7512 (S.D.N.Y.) (Schofield, J.).   
  Derivative Actions and Related Proceedings  : On August 15, 2016, plaintiffs in OKLAHOMA FIREFIGHTERS PENSION   RETIREMENT SYSTEM, ET AL. v. CORBAT, ET AL. filed an amended complaint, which the defendants moved to dismiss on September 30, 2016. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number C.A. No. 12151-VCG (Del. Ch.) (Glasscock, Ch.). 
    
  Interbank Offered Rates-Related Litigation and Other Matters 
  Antitrust and Other Litigation:   On July 6, 2016, in IN RE LIBOR-BASED FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ANTITRUST LITIGATION, Citibank and Citigroup along with the other defendants moved to dismiss all antitrust claims based on the efficient enforcer doctrine. Additional information concerning these actions is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 11 MD 2262 (S.D.N.Y.) (Buchwald, J.). 
  On August 16, 2016, a complaint was filed against Citigroup, Citibank, and 16 other banks in an action captioned DENNIS, ET AL. v. JPMORGAN CHASE   CO., ET AL. asserting common law claims, as well as violations of the Sherman Act, the Commodity Exchange Act, and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. These claims are based on allegations that the banks conspired to manipulate the Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate. The plaintiffs are seeking injunctive relief, disgorgement, and damages, including treble damages where applicable. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 16 Civ. 06496 (S.D.N.Y.) (Kaplan, J.). 
    
  Interest Rate Swaps Matters    
  Regulatory Actions  : The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission is conducting an investigation into the trading and clearing of interest rate swaps by investment banks.  Citigroup is cooperating with the investigation. 

199 

Oceanografia Fraud and Related Matters 
  Other Litigation:   On August 23, 2016, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in lieu of opposing Citigroup s motion to dismiss the original complaint. In addition to re-alleging the claims that were asserted in the original complaint, the amended complaint also asserts common law claims for fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and conspiracy on behalf of all plaintiffs. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 16-20725 (S.D. Fla.) (Gayles, J.). 
    
  Sovereign Securities Matters    
  Antitrust and Other Litigation:   On October 12, 2016, a putative class action captioned LOUISIANA MUNICIPAL POLICE EMPLOYEES  RETIREMENT SYSTEM v. BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION ET AL. was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Citigroup, Citibank, CGMI and CGML and various other banks. The plaintiff asserts claims under the Sherman Act based on the defendants' alleged manipulation of the supranational, sub-sovereign, and agency bond market, and seeks disgorgement and treble damages. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 16 Civ. 07991 (S.D.N.Y.) (Ramos, J.). 
    
  Settlement Payments 
  Payments required in settlement agreements described above have been made or are covered by existing litigation accruals. 

24.   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    
  Citigroup amended its Registration Statement on Form S-3 on file with the SEC (File No. 33-192302) to add its wholly owned subsidiary, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI), as a co-registrant. Any securities issued by CGMHI under the Form S-3 will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Citigroup.  
  The following are the Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   for Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company (Citigroup parent company), CGMHI, other Citigroup subsidiaries and eliminations and total consolidating adjustments.  Other Citigroup subsidiaries and eliminations  includes all other subsidiaries of Citigroup, intercompany eliminations and income (loss) from discontinued operations.  Consolidating adjustments  includes Citigroup parent company elimination of distributed and undistributed income of subsidiaries and investment in subsidiaries. 
  These Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements have been prepared and presented in accordance with SEC Regulation S-X Rule 3-10,  Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Registered or Being Registered.   
  These Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements schedules are presented for purposes of additional analysis, but should be considered in relation to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup taken as a whole.  

200 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income   

201 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

202 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income   

203 

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

204 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 

(1) 
    Other assets   for Citigroup parent company at   September 30, 2016   included $  18.2 billion   of placements to Citibank and its branches, of which $  8.3 billion   had a remaining term of less than 30 days.  

205 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 

(1) 
    Other assets   for Citigroup parent company at   December 31, 2015   included   $21.8 billion   of placements to Citibank and its branches, of which   $13.9 billion   had a remaining term of less than 30 days.  

206 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

207 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows   

208 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, DIVIDENDS 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
  None. 
    
  Equity Security Repurchases 
  The following table summarizes Citi s equity security repurchases, which consisted entirely of common stock repurchases: 

(1) 
    Represents repurchases under the $8.6 billion 2016 common stock repurchase program (2016 Repurchase Program) that was approved by Citigroup s Board of Directors and announced on June 29, 2016, which was part of the planned capital actions included by Citi in its 2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). Shares repurchased under the 2016 Repurchase Program were added to treasury stock. 
              (2) 
    Consisted of shares added to treasury stock related to (i) certain activity on employee stock option program exercises where the employee delivers existing shares to cover the option exercise, or (ii) under Citi s employee restricted stock programs where shares are withheld to satisfy tax requirements. 
     N/A   Not applicable 
      
  Dividends 
  In addition to Board of Directors  approval, Citi s ability to pay common stock dividends substantially depends on regulatory approval, including an annual regulatory review of the results of the CCAR process required by the Federal Reserve Board and the supervisory stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act.  For additional information regarding Citi s capital planning and stress testing, see  Capital Resources Current Regulatory Capital Standards Capital Planning and Stress Testing  and  Risk Factors Regulatory Risks  in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Any dividend on Citi s outstanding common stock would also need to be made in compliance with Citi s obligations to its outstanding preferred stock.  
   For information on the ability of Citigroup s subsidiary depository institutions to pay dividends, see Note 19 to the  
  Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

209 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 31st day of October, 2016. 

CITIGROUP INC. 
  (Registrant) 

By      /s/ John C. Gerspach 
  John C. Gerspach 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

By      /s/ Jeffrey R. Walsh 
  Jeffrey R. Walsh 
  Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

210 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                   Exhibit 

Number 
      
    Description of Exhibit 
      3.01 
      
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as in effect on the date hereof, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-9924). 

12.01+ 
      
    Calculation of Ratio of Income to Fixed Charges. 

12.02+ 
      
    Calculation of Ratio of Income to Fixed Charges Including Preferred Stock Dividends. 

31.01+ 
      
    Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02+ 
      
    Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01+ 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.01+ 
      
    Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed on October 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statement of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheet, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The total amount of securities authorized pursuant to any instrument defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company will furnish copies of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 
    
  + Filed herewith.       

211 

<EX-12.01>
 2
 citi-exhibit1201x9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.01 

(1) 
    Citigroup adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-01, Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects in the first quarter of 2015. The ASU is applicable to Citigroup s portfolio of low income housing tax credit partnership interests. The adoption of this ASU was applied retrospectively, and among other items, impacts Citigroup s Income from continuing operations before taxes and non-controlling interests for all periods presented.  See Citi s Current Report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC on April 8, 2015.  

</EX-12.01>

<EX-12.02>
 3
 citi-exhibit1202x9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.02

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.02 

(1) 
    Citigroup adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-01, Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects in the first quarter of 2015. The ASU is applicable to Citigroup s portfolio of low income housing tax credit partnership interests. The adoption of this ASU was applied retrospectively, and among other items, impacts Citigroup s Income from continuing operations before taxes and non-controlling interests for all periods presented.  See Citi s Current Report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC on April 8, 2015.  

</EX-12.02>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 citi-exhibit3101x9x30x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.01 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Michael L. Corbat, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2016 
        
      /s/ Michael L. Corbat 
      Michael L. Corbat 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 citi-exhibit3102x9x30x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.02 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, John C. Gerspach, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2016 
        
      /s/ John C. Gerspach 
      John C. Gerspach 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.02>
 6
 citi-exhibit3201x9x30x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.01 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), Michael L. Corbat, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and John C. Gerspach, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael L. Corbat 
      Michael L. Corbat 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      October 31, 2016 

/s/ John C. Gerspach 
      John C. Gerspach 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      October 31, 2016 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of   18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement required by   906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 c-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 c-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 c-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 c-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 c-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 c-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

