<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1011109_0001552781-16-002077_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2186167</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108369</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>174502</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>386756</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>883084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>576761</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002077.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011109
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				562122873
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13183
		FILM NUMBER:		161984249

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		399 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 878-3504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		399 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROBERTS REALTY INVESTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960322

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002077.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 e00549_aiii-10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

Commission file number:  001-13183  

   ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Georgia    
        58-2122873     
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

c/o Avenue Capital Group  
          399 Park Avenue, 6 th  Floor  
           New York, New York    

10022     
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

212-878-3504    

 (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 

   N/A   

 (Former name, former address and
former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes          No
 o  

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes          No
 o  

 Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    o   
     
         Accelerated filer  o  

Non-accelerated filer  o  
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company         

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes  o       No

Indicate the
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE    
 
       EXPLANATORY NOTE   
      ii   

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
      1   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      2   

ITEM 1.   
       UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      2   

ITEM 2.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      18   

ITEM 3.   
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      25   

ITEM 4.   
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      25   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
      26   

ITEM 1.   
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      26   

ITEM 1A.     
       RISK FACTORS   
      26   

ITEM 2.   
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      26   

ITEM 3.   
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      26   

ITEM 4.   
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      26   

ITEM 5.   
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      26   

ITEM 6.   
       EXHIBITS   
      26   

i       

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

References to the Registrant  

On January 30, 2015,
the registrant changed its corporate name from Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. to ACRE Realty Investors Inc. and the registrant s
operating partnership changed its name from Roberts Properties Residential, L.P. to ACRE Realty LP. This Form 10-Q, including
the exhibits, will contain references to our company and its operating partnership under the new names and former names. We refer
to the registrant elsewhere in this Form 10-Q (unless the context indicates otherwise) as  we,   us, 
 our,   the company,  and  our company.  Those references also encompass our subsidiary, ACRE
Realty LP, which we refer to as the operating partnership, except that in the discussion of our capital stock and related matters,
these terms refer solely to the registrant and not to the operating partnership. All references to the  operating partnership 
refer to the operating partnership only. 

ii       

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 This report contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).
These statements relate to future economic performance, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and projections
of revenues and other financial items that are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, our management. The words  expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate, 
 believe,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We make forward-looking statements
in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this report and in Part I, Item 2 of this report. 

 Some of the forward-looking statements relate to our intent, belief, or expectations regarding our future
prospects and expanded business strategy, including the possible sale of our land parcel, the acquisition of new real estate assets
and the timing of the closing of these transactions. Other forward-looking statements relate to trends affecting our financial
condition and results of operations, our anticipated capital needs and expenditures, and how we may address these needs. These
statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors discussed in this report and in our other filings with
the SEC. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ materially
from those that are anticipated in the forward-looking statements. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, for a description of some of the important factors that may affect actual outcomes. 

 For these forward-looking
statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this
report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

PART I   Financial Information  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

  ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)   

See notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements.    

ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

ACRE REALTY INVESTORS INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1.   
       BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION    

ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (the  company )
(formerly known as Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. until its name was changed on January 30, 2015), a Georgia corporation, was formed
on July 22, 1994 to serve as a vehicle for investments in, and ownership of, a professionally managed real estate portfolio of
multifamily apartment communities. The company s strategy has since changed upon the consummation of the transaction with
A-III Investment Partners LLC, as described below. 

The company conducts all of its operations
and owns all of its assets in and through ACRE Realty LP (formerly known as Roberts Properties Residential, L.P. until its name
was changed on January 30, 2015), a Georgia limited partnership (the  operating partnership ), or through wholly owned
subsidiaries of the operating partnership. The company controls the operating partnership as its sole general partner and had a
96.26% and a 95.66% ownership interest in the operating partnership at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

On November 19, 2014, the company and
its operating partnership entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with A-III Investment Partners LLC ( A-III ) (the
 Stock Purchase Agreement ). On January 30, 2015, the company and A-III closed the transactions contemplated under
the Stock Purchase Agreement. At the closing, A-III purchased 8,450,704 shares of the company s common stock at a purchase
price of $1.42 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $12 million, and the company issued to A-III warrants to purchase
up to an additional 26,760,563 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.42 per share ($38 million in the aggregate). The
purchase price per share and the exercise price of the warrants are subject to a potential post-closing adjustment upon completion
of the sale of the company s four land parcels owned at January 30, 2015, which could result in the issuance of additional
shares of common stock to A-III and an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. 

 After the closing, Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to change its name
to ACRE Realty Investors Inc. At the closing, the company and Mr. Roberts, Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. s chairman and
chief executive officer, entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Roberts serves as an Executive Vice President
for a term of one year from the date of the agreement or January 30, 2016, or until the sale of all four land parcels owned at
January 30, 2015 is completed, if earlier.  On February 1, 2016, the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts, entered into an agreement
(the  First Extension Agreement ), effective as of January 28, 2016, extending the terms of the Employment Agreement
by and between the company and Mr. Roberts (the  Employment Agreement ) and the Governance and Voting Agreement by
and among the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts (the  Governance and Voting Agreement ), each dated as of January 30,
2015. On June 15, 2016, the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts, entered into an amendment to the First Extension Agreement (the  Second
Extension Agreement ), effective as of June 15, 2016, further extending the terms of the Employment Agreement and the Governance
and Voting Agreement. As a result of these amendments, the parties have agreed to extend the expiration of the term of each of
the Employment Agreement and the Governance and Voting Agreement from June 30, 2016, the first extension date, to December 31,
2016. As a result, all of the respective rights and obligations of the parties under, and all other terms, conditions and provisions
of, the Employment Agreement and the Governance and Voting Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until December 31,
2016, unless the Employment Agreement or the Governance and Voting Agreement is amended in writing by the parties or is sooner
terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof. See Note 11, Subsequent Events, relating to the extension of the Governance
and Voting Agreement and expiration of the Employment Agreement. 

2.   
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
 
  Basis of Quarterly Presentation . The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes of the company have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and the instructions to
Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements, including the notes are unaudited and exclude
some disclosures required in audited financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for
a fair presentation of the company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included and are
of a normal and recurring nature. The operating results presented for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the company s December 31, 2015 consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined, are defined in the company s December 31, 2015 consolidated financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation.  The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of the company and the operating partnership, which is controlled
by the company. The operating partnership is a variable interest entity ( VIE ), in which the company is considered
to be the primary beneficiary. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The financial
statements of the company have been adjusted for the non-controlling interest of the unitholders in the operating partnership. 

The company consolidates the operating partnership,
a VIE, in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the entity that has (i) the power to
direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb
losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. The company is required to
reassess whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE for each reporting period. Our maximum exposure to loss is the carrying
value of assets and liabilities of our operating partnership which represents all of our assets and liabilities. 

Use of Estimates.  The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

  Real Estate Asset Held For Sale.  Real
estate asset held for sale is recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated selling costs. The company
reviews the real estate asset held for sale each reporting period to determine that the carrying amount remains recoverable. If
the carrying amount of the real estate asset exceeds the fair value, the asset will be written down by the amount the carrying
amount exceeds the fair value amount. The fair value is determined by an evaluation of an appraisal, discounted cash flow analysis,
sale price and other applicable valuation techniques. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of our real estate asset remained
recoverable. 

The company recognizes gains on the
sales of assets in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360-20,  Property, Plant, and Equipment   Real Estate Sales . If any
significant continuing obligation exists at the date of sale, the company defers a portion of the gain attributable to the continuing
obligation until the continuing obligation has expired or is removed. There were no such continuing obligations on the sales of
any of the company s assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

  Cash and Cash Equivalents.   The
company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.
The company maintains cash and cash equivalent balances with financial institutions that may at times exceed the limits for insurance
provided by the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation. The company has not experienced any losses related to these excess balances
and management believes its credit risk is minimal.  

  Deferred Financing Costs.  Deferred financing
costs include fees and expenses incurred to obtain financing and are amortized to interest expense in the consolidated statements
of operations, using the straight-line method over the terms of the related indebtedness. Although GAAP requires that the effective-yield
method be used to amortize financing costs, the effect of using the straight-line method is not materially different from the results
that would have been obtained using the effective-yield method. Effective January 1, 2016, the company adopted the newly issued
accounting guidance for presentation of debt financing costs. Under the new standard, debt financing costs are required to be presented
in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability. There was
no debt or deferred financing costs as of September 30, 2016. 

Warrants.  The company accounts for the
warrants issued in connection with the A-III Stock Purchase Agreement in accordance with ASC 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities, which provides guidance on the specific accounting treatment of a multitude of derivative instruments.
The company received proceeds in a private placement stock offering and issued detachable warrants. The company evaluated the warrants
to determine their relative fair value, using the backsolve method of the market approach, incorporating the Black-Scholes option
valuation model at their time of issuance and allocated a portion of the proceeds from the private placement to the warrants based
on their fair value. The warrants were recorded as a component of equity. In connection with the A-III recapitalization transaction
that occurred on January 30, 2015, the company allocated values of $8,990,000 and $3,010,000 to the warrants and common shares,
respectively, in the company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015. As disclosed in the company s
Form 10-K for December 31, 2015, subsequent to the issuance of the company s aforementioned interim financial statements,
the company determined that it needed to revise this allocation based on the application of a valuation methodology which should
have considered the market transaction and results in a corrected allocation of $4,910,000 and $7,090,000 amongst warrants and
common shares, respectively. This reallocation had no effect on net income, equity, net change in cash, or total assets of the
company reported for that period. 

Earnings Per Share.  Earnings per share
is computed using the two-class method of accounting, which includes the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period and other securities that participate in dividends, such as our vested restricted stock, to arrive at total common
equivalent shares. In applying the two-class method, earnings are allocated to both shares of common stock and securities that
participate in dividends based on their respective weighted-average shares outstanding for the period. During periods of net loss,
losses are allocated only to the extent that the participating securities are required to absorb such losses. Diluted earnings
per share is calculated to reflect the potential dilution of all instruments or securities that are convertible into shares of
common stock. For the company, this includes the warrants and unvested restricted stock during the periods presented. The company
uses the two-class method or the treasury method, whichever is more dilutive. 

Share-Based-Compensation.  The company
records share-based awards to directors, which have no vesting conditions other than time of service, at the fair value of the
award, measured at the date of grant. The fair value of share-based grants is being amortized to compensation expense ratably over
the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. The company records share-based awards to non-employee officers, based
on the estimated fair value of such award at the grant date that is remeasured quarterly for unvested awards. We amortize expense
over the requisite service period related to share-based awards granted to non-employee officers .  

Income Taxes.  The company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. The company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are
more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than
50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment
occurs. 

 In general, a valuation allowance is
recorded if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
asset will not be realized. Realization of the company s deferred tax assets depends upon the company generating sufficient
taxable income in future years in the appropriate tax jurisdictions to obtain a benefit from the reversal of deductible temporary
differences and from loss carryforwards. The company records a valuation allowance, based on the expected timing of reversal of
existing taxable temporary differences and its history of losses and future expectations of reporting taxable losses, if management
does not believe it met the requirements to realize the benefits of certain of its deferred tax assets. 

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments.  The
company is required to disclose the fair value information about its financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated
balance sheets, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. See Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements. 

Revisions.  For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the company has revised the presentation of the change in restricted cash from operating to investing activities
and the presentation of proceeds from the A-III transaction among common stock and warrants within financing activities in the
statement of cash flows. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued an update ( ASU 2014-09 ) establishing ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires an
entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and also requires certain additional disclosures.
In August 2015, the FASB issued an update ( ASU 2015-14 ) to ASC 606,  Deferral of the Effective Date , which
defers the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2017. 
In March 2016, the FASB issued an update ( ASU 2016-08 ) to ASC 606,  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net) , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new
revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09.  In April 2016, the FASB issued an update ( ASU 2016-10 )
to ASC 606,  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies guidance related to identifying performance
obligations and licensing implementation guidance contained in ASU 2014-09.  In May 2016, the FASB issued an update ( ASU
2016-12 ) to ASC 606,  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which amends certain aspects of the new
revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. The company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of these
ASUs on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued an update ( ASU
2014-12 ) to ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . ASU 2014-12 requires an entity to treat performance
targets that can be met after the requisite service period of a share based award has ended, as a performance condition that affects
vesting. ASU 2014-12 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2015.
The adoption of this update on January 1, 2016 did not have any impact on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued an update
( ASU 2015-02 )  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  to ASC Topic 810,  Consolidation . ASU 2015-02
affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically,
the amendments: (i) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities
( VIEs ) or voting interest entities, (ii) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited
partnership, (iii) affect the consolidated analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, and (iv) provide a scope
exception for certain entities. ASU 2015-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2015. The adoption of this update on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the company s consolidated financial
statements. See Principles of Consolidation above. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued an update ( ASU
2015-03 )  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  to ASC Topic 835,  Interest . ASU 2015-03 requires
that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability
to which they relate, consistent with debt discounts, as opposed to being presented as assets. ASU 2015-03 is effective for interim
and annual reporting periods in fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update on January 1, 2016
had no impact on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an update
( ASU 2016-02 ), Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ), which sets out the principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to apply a dual
approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively
a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective
interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset
and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term
of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors
to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing
leases and operating leases. ASU 2016-02 supersedes the previous leases standard, Leases (Topic 840). The standard is effective
on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption
of ASU 2016-02 will have on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance ( ASU 2016-09 )  Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 changes the accounting for certain aspects
of share-based payments to employees. The guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement
when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer
to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition,
the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis.  For
a public company, the standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period.  Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period.  The company is currently
assessing the impact that this guidance will have on the company s consolidated financial statements when adopted. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued an update (ASU 2016-15),  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 amends ASC 230,  Statement of Cash Flows , to provide guidance
on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. For a public company, the standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted. The company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on the company s consolidated financial
statements when adopted. 

3.   
       REAL ESTATE ASSET HELD FOR SALE    
 
  Real Estate Asset Held for Sale  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the company owned the land parcel known as Highway 20,
a 38-acre site located in the City of Cumming, Georgia in Forsyth County, in the North Atlanta metropolitan area, zoned for 210
multifamily apartment units, which is classified as held for sale. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the company determined that
the carrying amount of Highway 20 was not fully recoverable. Accordingly, the company recorded an impairment charge of $500,038. No
such adjustment was required during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the company entered
into a sale contract for Highway 20 with a related party. See Note 11, Subsequent Events, for related disclosure.   

FASB ASC Topic 360-10,  Property, Plant and
Equipment   Overall  requires a long-lived asset to be classified as  held for sale  in the period in which
certain criteria are met. The company classifies real estate assets as held for sale after the following conditions have been satisfied:
i) receipt of approval from its board of directors (the  Board ) to sell the asset; ii) the initiation of an active
program to sell the asset; iii) the asset is available for immediate sale; iv) it is probable that the sale of the asset will be
completed within one year; and v) it is unlikely the plan to sell will change. When assets are classified as held for sale, they
are recorded at the lower of the assets  carrying amount or fair value, less the estimated selling costs. 

The table below sets forth the asset and liabilities
related to real estate asset held for sale at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

4.   
       NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST   OPERATING PARTNERSHIP    
 
 Holders of operating partnership units ( OP
Units ) generally have the right to require the operating partnership to redeem their units for shares of the company s
common stock. Upon submittal of units for redemption, the operating partnership has the option either (a) to acquire those units
in exchange for shares, currently on the basis of 1.647 shares for each unit submitted for redemption (the  Conversion Factor ),
or (b) to pay cash for those units at their fair market value, based upon the then current trading price of the shares and using
the same exchange ratio. Prior to December 29, 2015, we had an informal policy of issuing shares, in lieu of cash in exchange for
units. On December 28, 2015, our Board formally adopted a policy whereby we shall only issue our common stock for redemption of
units, rather than paying cash for such redemption in accordance with the operating partnership agreement. As a result of this
change in policy, the company now requires the issuance of shares of common stock of the company in payment for the redemption
of OP Units and therefore has effective control over the redemption and therefore the non-controlling interest is now being classified
in permanent equity as of December 28, 2015 as opposed to temporary equity, and similarly at December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2016. 

In July 2013, the operating partnership privately
offered to investors who held both units of the operating partnership and shares of common stock the opportunity to contribute
shares to the operating partnership in exchange for units (provided that the investors were  accredited investors 
under SEC Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). This opportunity remains open to those accredited
investors. Consistent with the Conversion Factor noted above, the offering of units uses a  Contribution Factor  such
that an accredited investor who contributes shares to the operating partnership will receive one unit for every 1.647 shares contributed. 

The non-controlling interest of the unitholders
in the operating partnership on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is calculated by multiplying the non-controlling interest
ownership percentage at the balance sheet date by the operating partnership s net assets (total assets less total liabilities).
The non-controlling interest ownership percentage is calculated at any point in time by dividing (x) (the number of units outstanding
multiplied by 1.647) by (y) the total number of shares plus (the number of units outstanding multiplied by 1.647). The non-controlling
interest ownership percentage will change as additional shares and/or units are issued or as units are redeemed for shares of the
company s common stock or as the company s common stock is contributed to the operating partnership and units are issued
in accordance with the Contribution Factor. The non-controlling interest of the unitholders in the income or loss of the operating
partnership in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is calculated based on the weighted average percentage of
units outstanding during the period, which was 3.95% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 6.64% for the year ended
December 31, 2015. There were 482,213 units outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and 553,625 units outstanding as of December 31,
2015. The equity balance of the non-controlling interest of the unitholders was $788,217 at September 30, 2016 and $1,026,751 at
December 31, 2015. 

The following table details the components of non-controlling interest
in the operating partnership as of December 31, 2015, which was classified as a liability through December 28, 2015: 

5.   
       SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY    
 
  Private Placement.  On January 30, 2015,
A-III purchased 8,450,704 shares of the company s common stock at a purchase price of $1.42 per share, for an aggregate purchase
price of $12,000,000, and the company, for no additional consideration, issued to A-III warrants to purchase up to an additional
26,760,563 shares of the company s common stock at an exercise price of $1.42 per share ($38,000,000 in the aggregate). The
purchase price per share and the exercise price of the warrants are subject to a potential post-closing adjustment upon completion
of the sale of the company s four existing land parcels, which could result in the issuance of additional shares of common
stock to A-III and an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. 

Warrants.  Each of the aforementioned
warrants entitles the holder to acquire one share of the company s common stock. At the time of issuance, each warrant had
an exercise price of $1.42 per share, subject to post-closing adjustments related to the sales of the legacy properties. The company
evaluated the warrants to determine their relative fair value, using a variation of the adjusted Black-Scholes option valuation
model at their time of issuance and allocated $4,910,000 of the proceeds from the private placement to the warrants based on their
fair value. The warrants were recorded as a component of equity. The warrants expire on January 30, 2018. As of September 30, 2016,
the warrants remained unexercised. 

Redemption of Units for Shares.  In accordance
with the conversion factor explained in Note 4     Non-controlling Interest   Operating Partnership, 71,412 OP
Units were redeemed for 117,619 shares of the company s common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 597,799
OP Units were redeemed for 984,572 shares of the company s common stock for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. Redemptions
are reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at the closing price of the company s stock on the date
of redemption. 

Contribution of Shares to the Operating
Partnership.  In accordance with the contribution factor explained in Note 4   Non-controlling Interest  
Operating Partnership, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, there were no contribution
of shares to the operating partnership. Contributions, if any, are reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
based on the closing price of the company s stock on the date of contribution. 

  Restricted Stock.   Shareholders
of the company approved and adopted the company s 2006 Restricted Stock Plan (the  Plan ) in August 2006. The
Plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees, directors, consultants, and advisors. Under the Plan, as amended, the
company may grant up to 654,000 shares of restricted common stock, subject to the anti-dilution provisions of the Plan. The maximum
number of shares of restricted stock that may be granted to any one individual during the term of the Plan may not exceed 20%
of the aggregate number of shares of restricted stock that may be issued. The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee
of the company s Board. On October 12, 2015, based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors,
the Board approved a restricted stock grant of 260,000 shares of common stock to the independent directors and certain officers
of the company, which was issued on March 28, 2016. The restricted stock was awarded pursuant to the Plan. Vesting of the awards
for the independent directors and officers is subject to continued service through the vesting period. The company s independent
directors were each awarded 20,000 shares of restricted common stock, which vested on January 30, 2016. Certain of the company s
officers were awarded an aggregate of 180,000 shares of restricted common stock, which vest in equal one-third installments. There
were 60,000 shares, which vested on each of January 30, 2016 and October 12, 2016. The remaining 60,000 shares will vest on October
12, 2017. Compensation expense related to restricted stock was $14,833 and $125,656 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. No compensation expense was recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. On September
30, 2016, the company had unamortized compensation expense of $39,436 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 0.97 years.  

Treasury Stock.  The company has a stock
repurchase plan under which it is authorized to repurchase up to 600,000 shares of its outstanding common stock. Under the stock
repurchase plan, as of September 30, 2016, the company had authority to repurchase up to 540,362 shares of its outstanding common
stock. The stock repurchase plan does not have an expiration date. The company did not repurchase any shares during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Earnings Per Share.  The following
table shows the reconciliations of income (loss) available for common shareholders and the weighted average number of shares used
in the company s basic and diluted earnings per share computations. 

(a)  
      Due to the net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the incremental shares related
to the unvested restricted stock and the warrants were excluded as they were anti-dilutive. Furthermore, the average share price
of the company s common stock was below the exercise price of the warrants for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the average share price of the company s common stock was below
the exercise price of the warrants. Therefore, the warrants were excluded from the earnings per share calculation.  For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, while the average share price was in excess of the exercise price of the warrants, due
to the loss for the period the incremental shares related to the warrants were excluded because the effect would be antidilutive.
There was no unvested restricted stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 since the restricted stock was granted
in October 2015.   

6.   
       INCOME TAXES    
 
 The company prepared the provision following
the guidance of FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes, using the estimated annual effective tax rate applied to the operating results of the
company as of September 30, 2016. This rate does not include items related to significant unusual or extraordinary items that would
be required to be separately reported or reported net of their related tax effect in the consolidated financial statements. At
the end of each interim period the company makes its best estimate of the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the
full year. There were no discrete items during this quarter; therefore, the effective rate was the same rate that was used for
the year ended December 31, 2015. The consolidated effective tax rate was zero for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. In addition, the company had a taxable loss in each of the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
accordingly did not have an income tax liability in either of those periods. 

7.   
       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    
 
 As discussed in Note 2, GAAP requires disclosure
of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the statement of financial position, for which
it is practicable to estimate that value. The company measures and/or discloses the estimated fair value of financial assets and
liabilities based on a hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the reporting entity and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions. This
hierarchy consists of three broad levels: 

Level 1 - quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date;   

Level 2 - inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and   

Level 3 - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are used when little or no market data is available.   

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. In determining fair value, the company uses valuation techniques
that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible. Considerable judgment
is necessary to interpret Level 2 and 3 inputs in determining fair value of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
Accordingly, the fair values may not reflect the amounts ultimately realized on a sale or other disposition of these assets. Below
summarizes the methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments, for which it is
practicable to estimate that value. 

Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amount of the cash approximates fair value.   

Real estate asset held for sale: Highway 20 is carried at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value, less the estimated selling costs.  

Accounts payable and accrued expenses: The carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these liabilities.   

The company held no financial assets or liabilities
required to be measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, except
for the Highway 20 land parcel described in Note 3, which is carried at net realizable value at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

8.   
       SEGMENT REPORTING    
 
 FASB ASC Topic 280-10,  Segment Reporting 
  Overall, established standards for reporting financial and descriptive information about operating segments in annual financial
statements. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available
that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
The company operated in a single business segment, which is the ownership and management of real estate assets. 

9.   
       RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    
 
  Management Agreement.  In connection
with the recapitalization transactions with A-III, on January 30, 2015, the company entered into a management agreement (the  Management
Agreement ) with A-III Manager LLC (the  Manager ), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of A-III, among other
things, to provide for the day-to-day management of the company by the Manager, including investment activities and operations
of the company and its properties. The Management Agreement requires the Manager to manage and administer the business activities
and day-to-day operations of the company and all of its subsidiaries in conformity with the company s investment guidelines
and other policies that are approved and monitored by the Board.     

 The Manager maintains an administrative services
agreement with A-III, pursuant to which A-III and its affiliates, including Avenue Capital Group and C-III Capital Partners, will
provide a management team along with appropriate support personnel for the Manager to deliver the management services to the company.
Under the terms of the Management Agreement, among other things, the Manager will refrain from any action that, in its reasonable
judgment made in good faith, is not in compliance with the investment guidelines and would, when applicable, adversely affect the
qualification of the company as a REIT. The Management Agreement has an initial five-year term and will be automatically renewed
for additional one-year terms thereafter unless terminated either by us or the Manager in accordance with its terms. 

For the services to be provided by the
Manager, the company is required to pay the Manager the following fees: 

an annual base management fee equal to 1.50% of the company s  Equity  (as defined below), calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in cash;   

a property management fee equal to 4.0% of the gross rental receipts received each month at the company s and its subsidiaries  properties, calculated and payable monthly in arrears in cash;   

an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the gross purchase price paid for any property or other investment acquired by the company or any of its subsidiaries, subject to certain conditions and limitations and payable in arrears in cash with respect to all such acquisitions occurring after the date of the Management Agreement;   

a disposition fee equal to the lesser of (a) 50% of a market brokerage commission for such disposition and (b) 1.0% of the sale price with respect to any sale or other disposition by the company or any of its subsidiaries of any property or other investment, subject to certain conditions and limitations and payable in arrears in cash with respect to all such dispositions occurring after the date of the agreement with certain exceptions (this disposition fee will not apply to the sale of the four legacy land parcels that the company currently owns); and   

an incentive fee (as described below) based on the company s  Adjusted Net Income  (as defined below) for the trailing four quarter period in excess of the  Hurdle Amount  (as defined below), calculated and payable in arrears in cash on a rolling quarterly basis.   

For purposes of calculating the base management
fee,  Equity  means (a) the sum of (1) the net proceeds from all issuances of the company s common stock and
OP Units (without double counting) and other equity securities on and after the closing, which will include the common stock issued
to A-III in the recapitalization transaction (allocated on a pro rata basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any
such issuance) and any issuances of common stock or OP Units in exchange for property investments and other investments by the
company, plus (2) the product of (x) the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding immediately before
the closing and (ii) the number of shares of common stock for which the number of OP Units issued and outstanding immediately before
the date of the closing (excluding any OP Units held by the company) may be redeemed in accordance with the terms of the agreement
of limited partnership of the operating partnership and (y) the purchase price per share paid by A-III for the shares of common
stock the company issued to A-III in the recapitalization transaction, as the purchase price per share may be subsequently adjusted
as described above, plus (3) the retained earnings of the company and the operating partnership (without double counting) calculated
in accordance with GAAP at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity
compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods), minus (b) any amount in cash that the company or the operating partnership
has paid to repurchase common stock, OP Units, or other equity securities of the company as of the closing date of the recapitalization
transaction. Equity excludes (1) any unrealized gains, losses or non-cash equity compensation expenses that have impacted shareholders 
equity as reported in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, regardless of whether such items are included
in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, (2) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain non-cash
items not otherwise described above in each case, after discussions between the Manager and the company s independent directors
and approval by a majority of the independent directors and (3) the company s accumulated deficit as of the closing
date of the recapitalization transaction. 

For purposes of the Management Agreement,  Incentive
Fee  means an incentive fee, calculated and payable after each fiscal quarter, in an amount equal to the excess, if any,
of (i) the product of (A) 20% and (B) the excess of (1) the company s Adjusted Net Income (described below) for such fiscal
quarter and the immediately preceding three fiscal quarters over (2) the Hurdle Amount (described below) for such four fiscal quarters,
less (ii) the sum of the Incentive Fees already paid or payable for each of the three fiscal quarters preceding that fiscal quarter.
Any adjustment to the Incentive Fee calculation proposed by the Manager will be subject to the approval of a majority of the independent
directors. 

For purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee,
 Adjusted Net Income  for the preceding four fiscal quarters means the net income calculated in accordance with GAAP
after all base management fees but before any acquisition expenses, expensed costs related to equity issuances, incentive fees,
depreciation and amortization and any non-cash equity compensation expenses for such period. Adjusted Net Income will be adjusted
to exclude one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, as well as other non-cash charges after discussion between the Manager
and the independent directors and approval by a majority of the independent directors in the case of non-cash charges. Adjusted
Net Income includes net realized gains and losses, including realized gains and losses resulting from dispositions of properties
and other investments during the applicable measurement period. 

For purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee,
the  Hurdle Amount  is, with respect to any four fiscal quarter period, the product of (i) 7% and (ii) the weighted
average gross proceeds per share of all issuances of common stock and OP Units (excluding issuances of common stock and OP Units,
or their equivalents, as equity incentive awards), with each such issuance weighted by both the number of shares of common stock
and OP Units issued in such issuance and the number of days that such issued shares of common stock and OP Units were outstanding
during such four fiscal quarter period. 

The first Incentive Fee calculation will not
occur until after completion of the 2015 fiscal year. The Incentive Fee will be prorated for partial quarterly periods based on
the number of days in such partial period compared to a 90-day quarter. 

The Manager is also entitled to receive a termination
fee from the company under certain circumstances equal to four times the sum of (x) the average annual base management fee, (y)
the average annual incentive fee, and (z) the average annual acquisition fees and disposition fees, in each case earned by the
Manager in the most recently completed eight calendar quarters immediately preceding the termination. 

Additionally, the company will be responsible
for paying all of its own operating expenses and the Manager will be responsible for paying its own expenses, except that the company
will be required to pay or reimburse certain expenses incurred by the Manager and its affiliates in connection with the performance
of the Manager s obligations under the Management Agreement, including: 

reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by personnel of the Manager for travel on the company s behalf;   

the portion of any costs and expenses incurred by the Manager or its affiliates with respect to market information systems and publications, research publications and materials that are allocable to the company in accordance with the expense allocation policies of the Manager or such affiliates;   

all insurance costs incurred with respect to insurance policies obtained in connection with the operation of the company s business, including errors and omissions insurance covering activities of the Manager and its affiliates and any of their employees relating to the performance of the Manager s duties and obligations under the Management Agreement or of its affiliates under the administrative services agreement between the Manager and A-III, other than insurance premiums incurred by the Manager for employer liability insurance;   

expenses relating to any office or office facilities, including disaster backup recovery sites and facilities, maintained expressly for the company and separate from offices of the Manager;   

the costs of the wages, salaries, and benefits incurred by the Manager with respect to certain dedicated officers and employees that the Manager elects to provide to the company pursuant to the Management Agreement; provided that (A) if any such dedicated employee devotes less than 100% of his or her working time and efforts to matters related to the company and its business, the company will be required to bear only a pro rata portion of the costs of the wages, salaries and benefits the Manager incurs for such dedicated officers and employee based on the percentage of such employee s working time and efforts spent on matters related to the company, (B) the amount of such wages, salaries and benefits paid or reimbursed with respect to the dedicated officers and employees shall be subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board and, if required by the Board, of the Board and (C) during the one-year period following the date of the Management Agreement, the aggregate amount of cash compensation paid to dedicated officers and employees of the Manager and its affiliates by the company, or reimbursed by the company to the Manager in respect thereof, were not to exceed $500,000; and   

any equity-based compensation that the company, upon the approval of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, elects to pay to any director, officer or employee of the company or the Manager or any of the Manager s affiliates who provides services to the company or any of its subsidiaries.   

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the company incurred a base management fee of $96,940, $296,953, $102,356 and $279,721, respectively, which was classified in management
fee, affiliates in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition to the base management fee, the company is required to
reimburse certain expenses, related wages, salaries and benefits incurred by the Manager. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the company reimbursed expenses of $116,250, $410,935, $136,363 and $363,636, respectively, which was classified
in allocated salaries and other compensation, affiliates in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the unpaid portion of the base management fee and allocated expenses in the amount of $213,190 and $245,753,
respectively, was recorded in due to affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the company paid legal fees on behalf of the Manager in the amount of $18,442, for which it was reimbursed. 

Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Manager paid professional fees on behalf of
the company in the amount of $50,000, for which the company was reimbursed in July 2015. 

Transactions with Roberts Properties, Inc.
and Roberts Properties Construction (the  Roberts Companies ) and its Affiliates  

Reimbursement Arrangement for Consulting
Services.  The company entered into a reimbursement arrangement for services provided by the Roberts Companies, effective February 4, 2008,
as amended January 1, 2014. Under the terms of the arrangement, the company reimburses the Roberts Companies for the cost of providing
consulting services in an amount equal to an agreed-upon hourly billing rate for each employee multiplied by the number of hours
that the employee provided services to the company. 

Additionally, at the request of the company,
Roberts Construction performed repairs and maintenance and other consulting services related to the company s land parcels.
Roberts Construction received cost reimbursements of $0, $68, $383 and $86,206 for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For a period of 180 days after the closing
of the recapitalization transaction with A-III, the company had the right to request the reasonable assistance of employees of
Roberts Properties, Inc. with respect to transition issues and questions relating to the company s properties and operations.
This 180 day period terminated July 30, 2015. The employees of Roberts Properties, Inc. continued to provide limited services with
respect to transition issues from July 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016. Consistent with the expired arrangement for transition
services, the cost for these services was reimbursed in an amount equal to an agreed-upon hourly billing rate for each employee
multiplied by the number of hours that the employee provided such services to the company. Under Mr. Robert s Employment
Agreement, Extension Agreement and Second Extension Agreement, Mr. Roberts has agreed to supervise the disposition of the remaining
legacy property. Affiliates of Mr. Roberts may provide services to us in connection with the sale of such property. The fees and
costs we pay for such services will be considered selling costs for purposes of the true-up arrangement under the Stock Purchase
Agreement. 

Under these arrangements, the company incurred
costs with Roberts Properties of $19,916, $64,273, $16,961 and $113,484 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, which were recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
Roberts Properties also received cost reimbursements in the amount of $86 and $12,340 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, for the company s operating costs and other related expenses paid by Roberts Properties. There were
no cost reimbursements during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. At September 30, 2016 the unpaid portion of these
costs in the amount of $169 is recorded in due to affiliates and $3,241 is recorded in liabilities related to real estate asset
held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Sublease of Office Space.  On
February 19, 2014, the company entered into a sublease for 1,817 square feet of office space with Roberts Capital Partners, LLC.
The sublease had a commencement date of April 7, 2014. Roberts Capital Partners, LLC is owned by Mr. Charles S. Roberts. The rental
rates and lease term are the same rental rates and lease term that Roberts Capital Partners, LLC has with KBS SOR Northridge LLC,
the unrelated third party owner of the building. Roberts Capital Partners, LLC is liable to the building owner for the full three-year
term of its lease; however, the company negotiated a 90-day right to terminate its sublease as described below. The sublease has
a three-year term, with a one-year option, which provides for rental rates of $16.50 per square foot in Year 1, $17.25 per square
foot in Year 2, $18.00 per square foot in Year 3, and $18.75 per square foot for the Year 4 option. The company has the right to
terminate the sublease upon 90 days  notice by paying (a) a minimum of 12 months of rent under the sublease, plus (b) an
early termination amount, which will be the lesser of (x) the next 12 months of rent due under the sublease or (y) the remaining
amounts due under the term of the sublease, as calculated on the early termination date. The company paid a security deposit of
$20,577 upon the execution of the lease and has incurred $8,300, $25,036, $7,836 and $23,167 in rent for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Extension Agreement
Extending Term of Governance and Voting Agreement and Employment Agreement  

 On February 1, 2016, the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts, entered into the First Extension Agreement, effective
as of January 28, 2016, extending the terms of the Employment Agreement by and between the company and Mr. Roberts and the Governance
and Voting Agreement by and among the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts. On June 15, 2016, the company, A-III and Mr. Roberts, entered
into the Second Extension Agreement, effective as of June 15, 2016, further extending the terms of the Employment Agreement and
the Governance and Voting Agreement. As a result of these amendments, the parties have agreed to extend the expiration of the term
of each of the Employment Agreement and the Governance and Voting Agreement from June 30, 2016, the first extension date, to December
31, 2016. As a result, all of the respective rights and obligations of the parties under, and all other terms, conditions and provisions
of, the Employment Agreement and the Governance and Voting Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until December 31,
2016, unless the Employment Agreement or the Governance and Voting Agreement is amended in writing by the parties or is sooner
terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof. See Note 11, Subsequent Events, relating to the extension of the Governance
and Voting Agreement and expiration of the Employment Agreement. 

10.   
       COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
 
 The company and the operating partnership may
be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of these
matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of these matters should not have a material
adverse effect on the company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Under various federal, state, and local environmental
laws and regulations, the company may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of hazardous or toxic substances at its
properties, including properties that have previously been sold. The preliminary environmental assessment of the company s
properties have not revealed any environmental liability that the company believes would have a material adverse effect on its
business, assets, or results of operations, nor is the company aware of any such environmental liability. 

See Note 9  Related Party Transactions 
for details of the company s management agreement and sublease for office space with related parties. 

On October 7, 2016, the operating partnership entered into a sale contract with Roberts Capital Partners,
LLC, a related party, to sell Highway 20 for a purchase price of $4,725,000, including a reimbursement of $1,050,000 relating to
prepaid sewer taps. This transaction is expected to close during the first half of 2017, subject to an extension option and certain
closing conditions. 

On October 10, 2016, the company, A-III and
Mr. Roberts, entered into an agreement (the  Extension of Governance and Voting Agreement ), effective as of October
10, 2016, further extending the term of the Governance and Voting Agreement, but not the Employment Agreement. As a result of the
Extension of Governance and Voting Agreement, the parties have agreed to extend the expiration of the term of the Governance and
Voting Agreement from December 31, 2016 to June 30, 2017. As a result, all of the respective rights and obligations of the parties
under, and all other terms, conditions and provisions of, the Governance and Voting Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect until June 30, 2017, unless the Governance and Voting Agreement is amended in writing by the parties or is sooner terminated
in accordance with the provisions thereof. Pursuant to the Extension of Governance and Voting Agreement, the parties agreed to
nominate Mr. Roberts for re-election to the Board to be duly elected by the company s shareholders at the annual meeting
to be held on December 14, 2016. 

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

Safe Harbor
Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements in this report that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements that involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, all of which
are difficult or impossible to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by those
forward-looking statements. These risks are detailed in (a) Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and (b) our other SEC filings. Please also see the cautionary statements included in the Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements at the beginning of this report.   

  Overview  

 ACRE Realty Investors Inc.
is a commercial real estate investment and operating company focused on commercial real estate investments. 

On January 30, 2015, our
company and A-III Investment Partners LLC ( A-III ) closed a series of transactions that recapitalized our company
and resulted in a change in control of our company. At the closing, A-III purchased 8,450,704 shares of our company s common
stock at a purchase price of $1.42 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $12,000,000, and our company issued to A-III warrants
to purchase up to an additional 26,760,563 shares of our company s common stock at an exercise price of $1.42 per share ($38,000,000
in the aggregate). The purchase price per share and the exercise price of the warrants are subject to a potential post-closing
adjustment upon completion of the sale of our company s four legacy land parcels held on January 30, 2015, which could result
in the issuance of additional shares of common stock to A-III and an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. We used a portion of the proceeds of A-III s investment to pay off certain of our outstanding
indebtedness as discussed further below. 

Immediately after the closing,
our company s name was changed to ACRE Realty Investors Inc., and the name of our operating partnership was changed to ACRE
Realty LP. On February 2, 2015, our common stock began trading under the new ticker symbol  AIII  (NYSE MKT: AIII).
Our principal office was moved to 399 Park Avenue, 6 th  Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

As a result of the transaction,
A-III is the largest shareholder of our company, owning as of September 30, 2016 approximately 41% of our outstanding shares of
common stock, or approximately 40% on a diluted basis assuming conversion of the outstanding units of limited partnership interest
in our operating partnership into company common stock and assuming no exercise of the warrants we granted to A-III. 

Effective as of the closing
of the A-III transaction, our management was changed and our company is externally managed by our Manager, which is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of A-III, pursuant to a management agreement between our company and the Manager that was executed at the closing of
the A-III transaction on January 30, 2015. Immediately after the closing, the Manager designated, and the Board appointed, the
following persons as the new executive officers of the company: Edward Gellert is Chief Executive Officer and President; Robert
Gellert is Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer; Gregory Simon is Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary; and Mark E. Chertok is Chief Financial Officer. Charles S. Roberts, who previously served as the company s
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, was appointed as an Executive Vice President. Mr. Roberts is currently responsible
for overseeing the sale of our one remaining legacy land parcel. 

We currently own
one remaining legacy property, a tract of land totaling 38 acres, which is held for sale at September 30, 2016. On October 7, 2016,
we entered into a sale contract with Roberts Capital Partners, LLC, a related party. The sale of the property is expected to close
during the first half of 2017, subject to an extension option and certain closing conditions. Our current focus is on selling the
remaining legacy property. We do not intend to focus on development projects as we have in the past. Going forward, we expect to
pursue a flexible real estate investment strategy. We may invest in multifamily, office, mixed-use office, retail, industrial,
healthcare or lodging properties, as well as preferred equity or debt instruments secured by mortgages on these types of properties,
mezzanine loans secured by pledges of equity interests in entities that own these types of properties or other forms of subordinate
debt in connection with these types of properties. 

The Operating Partnership  

 We conduct our business
through ACRE Realty LP which owns the remaining legacy property that is held for sale and will own, either directly or indirectly,
through subsidiaries or joint ventures, any future properties we acquire. We refer to ACRE Realty LP as our operating partnership.
The agreement of limited partnership of our operating partnership provides that it is not required to be dissolved until 2093.
Our company is the sole general partner of our operating partnership and, as of September 30, 2016, owned a 96.26% interest in
our operating partnership. Our ownership interest in our operating partnership entitles us to share in cash distributions from,
and in the profits and losses of, the operating partnership generally in proportion to our ownership percentage. In this report,
we refer to units of limited partnership interest in the operating partnership as  units  and to the holders of units
as  unitholders.  

 Under the limited
partnership agreement of our operating partnership, unitholders generally have the right to require the operating partnership to
redeem their units. A unitholder who submits units for redemption will receive, at our election, either (a) 1.647 shares for each
unit submitted for redemption (the  Conversion Factor ), or (b) cash for those units at their fair market value, based
upon the then current trading price of the shares. Prior to December 29, 2015, we had an informal policy of issuing shares, in
lieu of cash in exchange for units. On December 28, 2015, our Board formally adopted a policy whereby we shall only issue our common
shares for redemption of units, rather than paying cash for such redemption in accordance with the operating partnership agreement. 

 Whenever we issue
and sell shares of our common stock, we are obligated to contribute the net proceeds from that issuance and sale to the operating
partnership and the operating partnership is obligated to issue units to us. The operating partnership agreement permits the operating
partnership, without the consent of the unitholders, to sell additional units and add limited partners. 

  Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates  

 Refer to the section of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 entitled  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  for a discussion of our critical accounting
policies. There have been no material changes to these accounting policies for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 Please refer to Note 2
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Recent Accounting Pronouncements, in the notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for information on recent accounting pronouncements and the expected impact on
our financial statements. 

Results of Operations   

  Comparison of the three months ended September
30, 2016 to 2015  

The following table highlights
our operating results and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included
in this Form 10-Q. 

Net loss decreased by $164,669
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily
a result of the decrease in expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We explain the major variances between the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 below. 

Property insurance and
other expenses consisting of utilities, repairs and maintenance, marketing, property insurance, and other expenses decreased by
$5,365 primarily resulting from the sale of all but one of the legacy properties in 2015. 

Real estate taxes decreased
by $7,726, primarily as a result of the sales of the North Springs Land, which closed on December 17, 2015 and the Bradley Park
Land, which closed on December 4, 2015.  

Management fees, affiliate,
decreased by $5,416 primarily due to the net loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which further reduced the equity
balance as of September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015. The base management fee is equal to 1.50% per annum of our equity,
as defined in the management agreement. 

Allocated salaries
and other compensation, affiliate, decreased by $20,113, primarily because the reimbursements for the three months ended September
30, 2016 were based on actual amounts compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 that were based on estimates. Under
the management agreement, we are required to reimburse our Manager for the costs of the wages, salaries, and benefits incurred
by the Manager with respect to certain dedicated officers and employees that the Manager elects to provide to us. 

 Interest expense decreased
by $9,482, primarily resulting from the repayment of all of our debt in 2015. There is no debt on the remaining legacy property. 

General and administrative
expenses decreased by $116,724, primarily as a result of the reversal of professional fees in the amount of $67,078 associated
with a potential transaction, which the company determined it would no longer pursue during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.
The company received a discount related to such previously incurred fees. Additionally, there was a decrease in financial outsourcing
fees due to reduced activities as a result of the sale of all but one of the legacy properties in 2015. These decreases were offset
by an increase in related party consulting fees to the Roberts Companies and equity compensation expense related to restricted
stock, which was granted in October 2015. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to 2015  

The following table
highlights our operating results and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying
notes included in this Form 10-Q. 

Net loss increased by $804,827
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in net loss
was due to the fact that there were no property sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 but was partially offset
by a $218,476 decrease in expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We explain the major variances between the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 below. 

Property insurance
and other expenses consisting of utilities, repairs and maintenance, marketing, property insurance, and other expenses decreased
by $23,417 primarily resulting from the sale of all but one of the legacy properties in 2015. 

 Real estate taxes
decreased by $46,994, primarily as a result of the sales of the North Springs Land, which closed on December 17, 2015, the Bradley
Park Land, which closed on December 4, 2015 and the Northridge Land, which closed on June 30, 2015. 

 Management fees,
affiliate, increased by $17,232, primarily resulting from the management agreement, which became effective on January 30, 2015.
The base management fee is equal to 1.50% per annum of our equity, as defined in the management agreement. 

 Allocated salaries
and other compensation, affiliate, increased by $47,299, primarily due to the reimbursements for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 being based on actual amounts compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 that were based on estimates, and that
the management agreement became effective on January 30, 2015. Under the management agreement, we are required to reimburse our
Manager for the costs of the wages, salaries, and benefits incurred by the Manager with respect to certain dedicated officers and
employees that the Manager elects to provide to us. 

 Interest expense
decreased by $398,830, primarily resulting from the repayment of all of our debt in 2015. There is no debt on the remaining legacy
property. 

 General and administrative
expenses increased by $199,888, primarily resulting from the professional fees associated with a potential transaction, which the
company determined it would no longer pursue as of September 30, 2016. Additionally, there were also increases in equity compensation
expense related to the restricted stock, which was granted in October 2015 and financial outsourcing and audit and tax fees in
2016 as a result of the assistance provided in filing the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as well as the change
of audit firm with higher fees. These increases were offset by a decrease in director fees as a result of one-time payments paid
to members of our Board who resigned in connection with the A-III transaction in 2015, coupled with a decrease in salaries, professional
fees, legal fees and reimbursements to Roberts Properties in 2015. 

 Depreciation expense
decreased $13,654, as a result of us fully depreciating all furniture, fixtures and equipment in 2015. 

 Gain on sale of assets
decreased by $1,022,871 due to the fact that there were no property sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
gain on sale of assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was associated with the sale of the Northridge Land parcel,
which closed on June 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

  Overview  

 We require capital
to fund our operating activities. Our capital sources include our cash balance of $17,441,314 and future proceeds from the sale
of our remaining legacy property. 

  Short- and Long-Term Liquidity Outlook  

 Our operating revenues
are not adequate to provide short-term (12 months) liquidity for the payment of all operating expenses. At September 30, 2016,
we had a cash balance of $17,441,314. We are currently using our cash balance to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, including
general and administrative expenses, and funding the carrying costs of our remaining land parcel. 

 Our primary sources
of funds for additional liquidity going forward will consist of proceeds from the sale of our one remaining legacy property and
any investment income we earn from future investments. Our potential equity sources, depending on market conditions, consist of
proceeds from capital market transactions (public and/or private) including the issuance of common, convertible and/or preferred
equity securities. 

We believe our existing
sources of funds will be adequate for purposes of meeting our short-term liquidity needs. Our ability to meet our long-term liquidity
and capital resource requirements is subject to obtaining additional debt and equity financing. Any decision by our lenders and
investors to enter into such transactions with us will depend upon a number of factors, such as our financial performance, compliance
with the terms of our existing or future credit arrangements, industry or market trends, the general availability of and rates
applicable to financing transactions, such lenders  and investors  resources and policies concerning the terms under
which they make such capital commitments and the relative attractiveness of alternative investment or lending opportunities. 

Cash flows  

Cash and cash equivalents
were $17,441,314 and $6,834,979 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The following presents a summary of our consolidated
statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to September 30, 2015  

 Net cash used in
operating activities decreased by $281,534, primarily due to a decrease in property related expenditures as a result of the sale
of all but one of our legacy properties in 2015, partially offset by an increase in costs associated with pursuing potential transactions. 

 Net cash provided
by investing activities decreased by $5,590,750 due to the fact that there were no property sales during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable
to the sale of the Northridge Land parcel for $5,500,000, which closed on June 30, 2015. 

 Net cash provided
by financing activities decreased by $3,721,097 due to the fact that there were no capital contributions and there was no debt
outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 resulted from the $12,000,000 cash proceeds attributable to the closing of the A-III transaction and the $2,000,000
cash proceeds from the Northridge land loan, which were offset by the repayments of $10,020,000 of our land loans. 

  Capitalization  

 As of September 30, 2016, the company
had 20,464,187 shares of common stock outstanding and 482,213 operating partnership units that could be exchanged for 794,237 shares
of common stock, which are held by persons other than us.  

  Warrants  

In connection with the
A-III transaction, we issued warrants to purchase up to an additional 26,760,563 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of $1.42 per share to A-III ($38,000,000 in the aggregate). The purchase price per share and the exercise price of the warrants
are subject to a potential post-closing adjustment upon completion of the sale of the four legacy land parcels, which could result
in the issuance of additional shares of common stock to A-III and an increase in the number of shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. The warrants expire on January 30, 2018. As of September 30, 2016, the warrants remained unexercised. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

 The following table
summarizes our future estimated cash payments under existing contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
  We are required to reimburse our manager for salaries and other compensation of certain dedicated
officers and employees that the Manager elects to provide to us.   

The table above only includes
the allocated salaries and other compensation due under our Management Agreement and does not include the base management fee,
incentive fee, property management fee, acquisition fee and disposition fee as such obligations, discussed below, do not have fixed
and determinable payments. See below and in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, included under Item 1 in this Form
10-Q for a discussion regarding our obligations pursuant to the Management Agreement. 

Management Agreement  

 In connection with
the recapitalization transactions with A-III, on January 30, 2015, the company entered into a Management Agreement with our Manager,
which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of A-III, to among other things, provide for the day-to-day management of the company by the
Manager, including investment activities and operations of the company and its properties. The Management Agreement requires the
Manager to manage and administer the business activities and day-to-day operations of the company and all of its subsidiaries in
conformity with the company s investment guidelines and other policies that are approved and monitored by the Board. 

 For the services to be provided by the Manager, we are
required to pay the Manager the following fees: 

an annual base management fee equal to 1.50% of the company s  Equity  (as defined in the Management Agreement), calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in cash;   

a property management fee equal to 4.0% of the gross rental receipts received each month at the company s and its subsidiaries  properties, calculated and payable monthly in arrears in cash;   

an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the gross purchase price paid for any property or other investment acquired by the company or any of its subsidiaries, subject to certain conditions and limitations and payable in arrears in cash with respect to all such acquisitions occurring after the date of the Management Agreement;   

a disposition fee equal to the lesser of (a) 50% of a market brokerage commission for such disposition and (b) 1.0% of the sale price with respect to any sale or other disposition by the company or any of its subsidiaries of any property or other investment, subject to certain conditions and limitations and payable in arrears in cash with respect to all such dispositions occurring after the date of the agreement with certain exceptions (this disposition fee will not apply to the sale of the four legacy land parcels that the company owned as of January 30, 2015); and   

an incentive fee equal to 20% of the company s  Adjusted Net Income  (as defined in the Management Agreement) for the trailing four quarter period in excess of the  Hurdle Amount  (as defined in the Management Agreement), calculated and payable in arrears in cash on a rolling quarterly basis.   

Effect of Floating Rate Debt  

As of the filing
date of this report, we have no outstanding indebtedness. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

 We do not have any
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured investment
vehicles, special purpose entities or variable interest entities, established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements or other
contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities or entered
into any commitment or intend to provide additional funding to any such entities. 

  No Quarterly Dividends  

 We have not paid regular
quarterly dividends since the third quarter of 2001, and we have no present plans to pay distributions or to resume paying regular
quarterly dividends. 

Inflation  

 Inflation in the United
States has been relatively low in recent years and did not have a significant impact on the results of operations for the company s
business for the periods shown in the unaudited consolidated financial statements. Although the impact of inflation has been relatively
insignificant in recent years, it does remain a factor in the United States economy and could increase the cost of acquiring, selling,
replacing or leasing properties in the future. 

ITEM 3.      QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 4.      CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The company s management,
with the participation of the company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).
Based upon such evaluation, the company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that its disclosure
controls and procedures were effective, as of September 30, 2016, to provide assurance that information that is required to be
disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported, within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control  

 We have enhanced our internal
control over financial reporting subsequent to January 2015 by the addition of financial reporting and accounting personnel and
the increase of financial and other resources resulting from the change in control transaction with A-III Investment Partners LLC.
No changes were made to our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The design of
any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of
how remote. 

PART II      Other
Information   

ITEM 1.     
         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.    

The company, the
operating partnership, and Highway 20 are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material
litigation threatened against any of them. Routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business is not expected to result
in any material losses to us or the operating partnership. 

ITEM 1A.     
         RISK FACTORS     

In addition to the other
information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors, 
in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016). These risk factors could
materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known
to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or
operating results. 

ITEM 2.     
         UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.    
 
 None. 

ITEM 3.     
         DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.    
 
 None. 

ITEM 4.     
         MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.    
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.     
         OTHER INFORMATION.    
 
 None. 

ITEM 6.     
         EXHIBITS.     
 
 The exhibits described
in the following Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No.    
       
        Description     

3.1  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
        of Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. filed with the Georgia Secretary of State on July 22, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
        3.1 in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004.) 

3.2  

Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated
        Articles of Incorporation of Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. to eliminate ownership limit, effective January 30, 2015. (Incorporated
        by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated February 2, 2015.) 

3.3  
       
      Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. to change company name, effective January 30, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated February 2, 2015.)   

3.4  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Roberts Realty Investors, Inc.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated February 4, 2008.)   

3.5  
       
      Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Roberts Realty Investors, Inc. to give the Board of Directors the authority to fix the number of Directors at five or any greater number, effective January 30, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated February 2, 2015.)   

Exhibit No.    
       
        Description     

10.1.1  
       
      Sales Contract dated October 7, 2016, by and between the Operating Partnership and Roberts Capital Partners, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated October 13, 2016.)   

10.1.2  
       
      Extension of Governance and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2016, by and among the company, A-III Investment Partners LLC and Charles S. Roberts. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in our current report on Form 8-K dated October 14, 2016.)   

Other Exhibits:    

21  
       
      Subsidiaries of ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2016).   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Edward Gellert pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Mark E. Chertok pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Edward Gellert pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit is not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

32.2  
       
      Certification of Mark E. Chertok pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit is not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

101  
       
      The following financial statements from ACRE Realty Investor Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited); (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited); (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited); (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited); and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.*   

* Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

ACRE Realty Investors Inc.    

(formerly named Roberts Realty Investors, Inc.)    

By:     
      /s/ Mark E. Chertok  

Mark E. Chertok, Chief Financial Officer   
 (the registrant s principal financial and accounting officer,  
    who is duly authorized to sign this report)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e00549_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1  

  Certification  

I, Edward Gellert, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of ACRE Realty Investors Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Edward Gellert  

Edward Gellert  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e00549_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2  

  Certification  

I, Mark E. Chertok, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of ACRE Realty Investors Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual  report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Mark E. Chertok  

Mark E. Chertok  

Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e00549_ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (the  company )
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Edward Gellert, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.      The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2.      The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the company. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e00549_ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (the  company )
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark E. Chertok, Chief Financial
Officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.      The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.      The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the company. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 aiii-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aiii-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aiii-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aiii-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aiii-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aiii-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

