<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1532930_0001532930-16-000176_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15529197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188692</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>658390</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6008157</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6235887</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2094544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001532930-16-000176.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001532930-16-000176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seventy Seven Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001532930
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				453338422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36354
		FILM NUMBER:		161984693

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 N.W. 63RD STREET
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-608-7777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 N.W. 63RD STREET
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Seventy Seven Energy Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140630

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHESAPEAKE OILFIELD OPERATING LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001532930-16-000176.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a20160930sse10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  Form 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                          TO                        
    
  Commission File No. 000-55669 
    
  Seventy Seven Energy Inc. 
    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(405) 608-7777 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  ______________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.    Yes           No      
    
  As of   November 4, 2016  , there were   22,280,349   shares of our $0.01 par value common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    1 
      Item 1. 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    2 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    5 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    38 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    64 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    64 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    66 
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    66 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    66 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    67 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    67 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    68 

SIGNATURES  
    70 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except share amounts)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
  (in thousands)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  (Debtor-in-possession June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   (Continued) 
    
  Supplemental disclosures to the condensed consolidated financial statements of cash flows are presented below: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Basis of Presentation and Risks and Uncertainties 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of Seventy Seven Energy Inc. ( SSE,   Company,   we,   us,   our  or  ours ) were prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. All material adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods have been reflected. Certain footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been appropriately condensed or omitted. Therefore, these interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-36354) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 17, 2016. As described below, however, such prior financial statements may not be comparable to our interim financial statements due to the adoption of fresh-start accounting. 
    
  On June 7, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), SSE and its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for relief (the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) under Chapter 11 of the United States Code ( Chapter 11  or the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ), case number 16-11409. The Debtors continued to operate their business as  debtors-in-possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The subsidiary Debtors in these Chapter 11 cases were Seventy Seven Operating LLC ( SSO ), Seventy Seven Land Company LLC, Seventy Seven Finance Inc. ( SSF ), Performance Technologies, L.L.C., PTL Prop Solutions, L.L.C., Western Wisconsin Sand Company, LLC, Nomac Drilling, L.L.C., SSE Leasing LLC, Keystone Rock   Excavation, L.L.C. and Great Plains Oilfield Rental, L.L.C., which represent all subsidiaries of SSE. On July 14, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court issued an order (the  Confirmation Order ) confirming the Joint Pre-packaged Plan of Reorganization (as amended and supplemented, the  Plan ) of the Debtors. On August 1, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), the Plan became effective pursuant to its terms and the Debtors emerged from their Chapter 11 cases. 
    
  Upon emergence from bankruptcy, the Company adopted fresh-start accounting and became a new entity for financial reporting purposes. As a result of the application of fresh-start accounting and the effects of the implementation of the Plan, the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements on or after August 1, 2016 are not comparable with the financial statements prior to the Effective Date. See Note 3 for additional discussion. 
    
  Subsequent to the Petition Date, all expenses, gains and losses directly associated with the reorganization are reported as Reorganization items, net in the accompanying statements of operations.  
    
  References to  Successor  or  Successor Company  relate to SSE on and subsequent to August 1, 2016. References to  Predecessor  or  Predecessor Company  relate to SSE prior to August 1, 2016. References to  Current Successor Quarter  relate to the two months ended September 30, 2016 and  Current Predecessor Quarter  relate to the one month ended July 31, 2016. References to  Current Predecessor Period  relate to the seven months ended July 31, 2016, and  Prior Predecessor Quarter  and  Prior Predecessor Period  relate to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions within SSE have been eliminated. 
    
  Risks and Uncertainties   
    
  We operate in a highly cyclical industry. The main factor influencing demand for oilfield services is the level of drilling and completions activity by E P companies, which in turn depends largely on current and anticipated future crude oil and natural gas prices and production depletion rates. Demand for oil and natural gas is cyclical and is subject to large and rapid fluctuations. When oil and natural gas price increases occur, producers increase their capital expenditures, which generally results in greater revenues and profits for oilfield service companies. The increased capital expenditures also ultimately result in greater production, which historically has resulted in increased supplies and reduced prices that, in turn, tend to reduce demand for oilfield services. For these reasons, our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year.     
    
  The sustained decline in commodity prices since mid-2014 has dramatically reduced the level of onshore United States drilling and completions activity and, consequently, the demand for our services. The current downturn has begun to show signs of improvement, however, any long-term recovery continues to be uncertain and is dependent on a number of economic, geopolitical and monetary policy factors that are outside our control. Until there is a sustained recovery in commodity prices,  
  
   7 

we expect that reduced equipment utilization levels and pricing pressure across each of our operating segments will persist. If drilling and completions activity remains at depressed levels or worsens, it would likely have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

2. Emergence from Voluntary Reorganization under Chapter 11 Proceedings and Related Events 
    
  On May 12, 2016, the Company and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries entered into a Second Amended and Restated Restructuring Support Agreement (the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) with (i) certain noteholders of the   6.625%   senior unsecured notes due 2019 of SSO and SSF (the  2019 Notes ), (ii) certain lenders under the Company s Incremental Term Supplement (Tranche A) loan (the  Incremental Term Loan ), (iii) certain lenders under the Company s   $400.0 million   Term Loan Credit Agreement dated June 25, 2014 (the  Term Loan ), and (iv) certain noteholders of the   6.50%   senior unsecured notes due 2022 of the Company (the  2022 Notes ).  
    
  On June 7, 2016, the Debtors filed the Bankruptcy Petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Court. The filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions constituted an event of default with respect to the 2019 Notes, the 2022 Notes, the Term Loan (see Note 11) and the Incremental Term Loan (see Note 11) (collectively, the  Outstanding Debt ) and constituted an event of default under our pre-petition revolving credit facility. Pursuant to Chapter 11, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions or to exercise control over the Debtor s property. Accordingly, although the Bankruptcy Petitions triggered defaults under the Outstanding Debt, creditors were generally stayed from taking action as a result of these defaults. These defaults were deemed waived or cured upon the Effective Date of the Plan. The Debtors also filed the Plan and a related solicitation and disclosure statement on June 7, 2016. 
    
  On July 14, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Confirmation Order. The Debtors satisfied the remaining conditions to effectiveness contemplated under the Plan and emerged from Chapter 11 on August 1, 2016. 
    
  The Plan contemplated that we continue our day-to-day operations substantially as previously conducted and that all of our commercial and operational contracts remained in effect in accordance with their terms preserving the rights of all parties. The significant elements of the Plan included: 

payment in full in the ordinary course of all trade creditors and other general unsecured creditors; 
       warrants exercisable for   15%   of the New Common Stock at predetermined equity values; 
             
    the issuance to our existing common stockholders of   two   series of warrants exercisable for an aggregate of   20%   of the New Common Stock at predetermined equity values; 
                
    the maintenance of our   $400.0 million   existing secured Term Loan while the lenders holding Term Loans (i) received (a) payment of an amount equal to   2%   of the Term Loans; and (b) as further security for the Term Loans, second-priority liens and security interests in the collateral securing the company s New ABL Credit Facility (as defined herein), which collateral, together with the existing collateral securing the Term Loans and Tranche A Incremental Term Loans, is governed by an inter-creditor agreement among the applicable secured parties; and (ii) continued to hold Term Loans under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended to reflect, among other modifications, the reduction of the maturity date of the Term Loans by   one year   and an affirmative covenant by the Company to use commercially reasonably efforts to maintain credit ratings for the Term Loans; and 
                
    the payment of a consent fee equal to   2%   of the Incremental Term Loan plus   $15.0 million   of the outstanding Incremental Term Loan balance, together with the maintenance of the remaining   $84.0 million   balance of the Incremental Term Loan on identical terms other than the suspension of any prepayment premium for a period of   18 months  .  
       
  The Plan effectuated, among other things, a substantial reduction in our debt, including   $1.1 billion   in the aggregate of the face amount of the 2019 Notes and 2022 Notes. 
    
  In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective Date, we issued an aggregate of   22,000,000   shares of New Common Stock to the holders of the 2019 and 2022 Notes.  
  
   8 

In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective Date, we entered into a warrant agreement with Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as the warrant agent, (the  Warrant Agreement ) and issued   three   series of warrants to holders of 2022 Notes and to our existing common stockholders as follows: 
              
    We issued Series B Warrants ( Series B Warrants ), which are exercisable until August 1, 2021, to purchase up to an aggregate of   2,875,817   shares of New Common Stock, at an exercise price of   $69.08   per share, to our existing common stockholders.  
                
    We issued Series C Warrants ( Series C Warrants,  and, together with the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, the  Warrants ), which are exercisable until August 1, 2023, to purchase up to an aggregate of   3,195,352   shares of New Common Stock at an exercise price of   $86.93   per share, to our existing common stockholders. 
       
  All unexercised Warrants will expire and the rights of the holders of such warrants (the  Warrant Holders ) to purchase shares of New Common Stock will terminate on the first to occur of (i) the close of business on their respective expiration dates or (ii) the date of completion of (A) any Affiliated Asset Sale (as defined in the Warrant Agreement), or (B) a Change of Control (as defined in the Warrant Agreement). Following the Effective Date, there are   3,882,353   Series A Warrants,   2,875,817   Series B Warrants and   3,195,352   Series C Warrants outstanding. 
  In accordance with the Plan, on September 20, 2016, the Company adopted the Seventy Seven Energy Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan ) (see Note 14). 
  Successor Issuer 
  Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company is deemed to be the successor registrant to the Company in its state before the Effective Date. Such registration expired on September 6, 2016, and we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A to effect the registration of the Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. As a result, the Company remains subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act following the Effective Date. 
  Trading of New Common Stock 
  The New Common Stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. The Company can provide no assurance that the New Common Stock will trade on a nationally recognized market or an over-the-counter market, whether broker-dealers will provide public quotes of the reorganized Company s common stock on an over-the-counter market, whether the trading volume on an over-the-counter market of the Company s common stock will be sufficient to provide for an efficient trading market or whether quotes for the Company s common stock may be blocked by the OTC Markets Group in the future. 
    
  Registration Rights Agreement 
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with certain funds affiliated with and/or managed by each of Blue Mountain Capital Management, LLC, Axar Capital Management, LLC and Mudrick Capital Management, LLC (collectively, the  Registration Rights Holders ). 
  The Registration Rights Agreement provides certain demand registration rights to the Registration Rights Holders at any time following the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company will not be required to effect more than (i) four demand registrations delivered by each Registration Rights Holder or (ii) one demand registration delivered by any holder in any 180-day period. 
  If, following the six-month anniversary of the Effective date, the Company qualifies for the use of Form S-3, the Registration Rights Holders may require the Company, subject to restrictions set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, to file a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of such holder s registrable securities. 
  In addition, if the Company proposes to register shares of its New Common Stock in certain circumstances, the Registration Rights Holders will have certain  piggyback  registration rights, subject to restrictions set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, to include their shares of New Common Stock in the registration statement. 
  
   9 

Senior Secured Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement; New ABL Credit Facility 
    
  On June 8, 2016, in connection with the filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions, the Company, with certain of our subsidiaries as borrowers, entered into a senior secured debtor-in-possession credit facility (the  DIP Facility ) with total commitments of   $100.0 million  . See Note 11 for additional discussion related to the DIP Facility. 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the DIP Facility was amended and restated, and the outstanding obligations pursuant thereto were converted to obligations under a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to   $100.0 million   (the  New ABL Credit Facility ). 
    
  New Directors 
  On the Effective Date, in accordance with the Plan and pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement that we entered into with certain stockholders on the Effective Date, Jerry Winchester and Edward J. DiPaolo, who were existing directors of the Company, and Andrew Axelrod, Victor Danh, Steven Hinchman, David King and Doug Wall became members of the Board until the first annual meeting of the Company s stockholders to be held in 2017, and their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.  
  Conversion to Delaware Corporation 
  Effective July 22, 2016, in accordance with the Plan and with the laws of the State of Delaware and the State of Oklahoma, we converted our form of organization from an Oklahoma corporation (the  Oklahoma Predecessor Corporation ) to a Delaware limited liability company and, immediately thereafter, to a Delaware corporation (the  Delaware Successor Corporation ). As a result of the conversions, the equity holders of the Oklahoma Predecessor Corporation became the equity holders of the Delaware Successor Corporation. The name of the Company remains  Seventy Seven Energy Inc.  
  For purposes of Delaware law, the Delaware Successor Corporation is deemed to be the same entity as the Company before the conversions, and its existence is deemed to have commenced on the date of original incorporation of the Company. Furthermore, under Delaware law, the rights, assets, operations, liabilities and obligations that comprised the going business of the Company before the conversions remain the rights, assets, operations, liabilities and obligations of the Company after the conversions. 
   
  3. Fresh-Start Accounting 
    
  In connection with the Company s emergence from Chapter 11, the Company applied the provisions of fresh-start accounting, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852, Reorganizations, ( ASC 852 ), to its condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company qualified for fresh-start accounting because (i) the holders of existing voting shares of the Predecessor Company received less than   50%   of the voting shares of the Successor Company and (ii) the reorganization value of the Company's assets immediately prior to confirmation was less than the post-petition liabilities and allowed claims. The Company applied fresh-start accounting as of August 1, 2016, which was the date of emergence from Chapter 11. Adopting fresh-start reporting results in a new reporting entity with no beginning retained earnings or accumulated deficit. The cancellation of all existing common shares outstanding on the Effective Date and issuance of new shares of the reorganized entity caused a related change of control of the Company under ASC 852 as the holders of existing voting shares immediately before confirmation received less than   50%   of the voting shares of the Successor Company. 
    
  Reorganization value represents the fair value of the Successor Company s assets before considering liabilities. Upon the application of fresh-start accounting, the Company allocated the reorganization value to its individual assets based on their estimated fair values.  
    
  Reorganization Value 
    
  In support of the Plan, the enterprise value of the Successor Company was estimated and approved by the Bankruptcy Court to be in the range of   $700 million   to   $900 million  . The Company used the high end of the Bankruptcy Court approved enterprise value of the Successor Company of   $900 million   as its estimated enterprise value. 

10 

The following table reconciles the enterprise value to the estimated fair value of Successor common stock as of the Effective Date (in thousands, except per share value): 

In connection with fresh-start accounting, the Company s debt was recorded at fair value of   $427.5 million   as determined using a market approach. The difference between the   $475.8 million   face amount and the fair value recorded in fresh-start accounting is being amortized over the life of the debt. The fair value of the Company s debt was estimated using Level 2 inputs. 
    
  The fair values of the Series A, Series B and Series C Warrants were estimated to be   $4.62  ,   $1.03   and   $1.20  , respectively. The fair value of the Warrants were estimated using a Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions:   

The fair value of these warrants was estimated using Level 2 inputs. 
    
  The following table reconciles the enterprise value to the estimated reorganization value as of the Effective Date (in thousands): 

In determining reorganization value, the Company estimated fair value for property and equipment using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on market and income approaches. SSE commissioned third-party appraisal services to estimate the fair value of its revenue-generating fixed assets and considered current market conditions and management s judgment to estimate the fair value of non-revenue-generating assets. Additionally, the Company utilized the discounted cash flow method on certain assets. SSE estimated future cash flows for the period August 1, 2016 to July 31, 2026 and discounted the estimated future cash flows to present value based on weighted average cost of capital.  
    
  Reorganization value and enterprise value were estimated using various projections and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties that are beyond our control. Accordingly, the estimates set forth herein are not necessarily indicative of actual outcomes, and there can be no assurance that the estimates, projections or assumptions will be realized. 

11 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 
    
  The adjustments set forth in the following consolidated balance sheet reflect the effect of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Plan (reflected in the column  Reorganization Adjustments ) as well as estimated fair value adjustments as a result of the adoption of fresh-start accounting (reflected in the column  Fresh-Start Adjustments ). The explanatory notes highlight methods used to determine estimated fair values or other amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as significant assumptions. 

12 

Reorganization Adjustments 
    
           1. 
    Reflects the cash payments recorded as of the Effective Date from implementation of the Plan (in thousands): 

2. 
    Reflects the tax adjustments and corresponding change in valuation allowance as a result of the Company s emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 
       
           3. 
    Reflects the   $1.2 million   of debt issuance costs incurred related to the New ABL Credit Facility. 
       
           4. 
    Reflects   $17.4 million   paid in professional fees associated with the implementation of the Plan that were included in other current liabilities. 
       
           5. 
    Reflects the   $15.0 million   principal payment on the Incremental Term Loan and write-off of related deferred issuance costs of   $0.8 million  . 
       
           6. 
    Liabilities subject to compromise were settled as follows in accordance with the Plan (in thousands): 

7. 
    Reflects the cancellation of the Predecessor Company equity to retained earnings. 

9. 
    Reflects the cumulative impact of the reorganization adjustments discussed above (in thousands): 

The net gain on reorganization adjustments totaled   $624.5 million   and is included in reorganization items, net in the statement of operations. The cancellation of Predecessor Company equity was recorded as a direct reduction to retained earnings and had no impact to the statement of operations.  
    
  Fresh-Start Adjustments 
    
           10. 
    Reflects a   $618.0 million   reduction in the net book value of property and equipment to estimated fair value.  

To estimate the fair value of drilling rigs and related equipment, hydraulic fracturing equipment and oilfield rental equipment, the Company commissioned a third-party appraisal service to value such assets using a market approach. This approach relies upon recent sales and offerings of similar assets.  

13 

To estimate the fair value of land and buildings and other property and equipment, the Company considered recent comparable sales as well as current market conditions and demand. 

The fair value of these assets was estimated using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on market and income approaches.  
       
  The following table summarizes the components of property and equipment, net of the Predecessor Company and Successor Company (in thousands): 

For property and equipment owned at August 1, 2016, the depreciable lives were revised to reflect remaining estimated useful lives. 
    
           11. 
    An adjustment of   $17.2 million   was recorded to decrease other long-term assets to estimated fair value based on the following: 

The Company recorded a   $6.5 million   adjustment to decrease the book value of the Note Receivable (as defined in Note 6) to fair value. Fair value of the Note Receivable was estimated using Level 2 inputs based on a market approach. 

Based on management s judgment and the current economics of the industry, the Company recorded additional adjustments totaling   $10.7 million   to decrease other long-term assets to fair value.  
       
           12. 
    Reflects the tax adjustments and corresponding change in valuation allowance as a result of the Company s emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. 
       
           13. 
    Represents a   $39.1 million   adjustment to record the Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan at fair value using Level 2 inputs, including the write-off of the remaining balance of deferred issuance costs totaling   $9.1 million  . 
       
           14. 
    Reflects the cumulative impact of fresh-start adjustments as discussed above (in thousands): 

The   $596.0 million   net loss on fresh-start adjustments is included in reorganization items, net in the statement of operations. 

14 

4. Reorganization Items, Net 
    
  Reorganization items represent liabilities settled, net of amounts incurred subsequent to the Chapter 11 filing as a direct result of the Plan and are classified as Reorganization items, net in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. The following table summarizes reorganization items (in thousands): 

For the periods from August 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 and January 1, 2016 to July 31, 2016, cash payments for reorganization items totaled   $0.4 million   and   $18.6 million  , respectively. 

5. Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Fresh-Start Accounting 
    
  As discussed in Note 3, the Company applied fresh-start accounting upon emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016 which resulted in the Company becoming a new entity for financial reporting purposes. Upon adoption of fresh-start accounting, our assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair values as of the Effective Date. The Effective Date fair values of our assets and liabilities differed materially from the recorded values of our assets and liabilities as reflected in our historical condensed consolidated balance sheet. The effects of the Plan and the application of fresh-start accounting were reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements as of August 1, 2016 and the related adjustments thereto were recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of operations as reorganization items for the periods prior to August 1, 2016 (Predecessor Company). 
    
  As a result, our condensed consolidated balance sheets and condensed consolidated statement of operations subsequent to the Effective Date will not be comparable to our condensed consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations prior to the Effective Date. Our condensed consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented with a black line division which delineates the lack of comparability between amounts presented on or after August 1, 2016 and dates prior thereto. Our financial results for future periods following the application of fresh-start accounting will be different from historical trends, and such differences may be material. 

6. Sale of Hodges Trucking Company, L.L.C. 
    
  On June 14, 2015, we sold Hodges Trucking Company, L.L.C. ( Hodges ), our previously wholly-owned subsidiary that provided drilling rig relocation and logistics services, to Aveda Transportation and Energy Services Inc. ( Aveda ) for aggregate consideration of   $42.0 million  . At the time of the sale, Hodges owned   270   rig relocation trucks and   65   cranes and forklifts. The sale did not include the land and buildings used in Hodges  operations.  
    
  The consideration received consisted of   $15.0 million   in cash and a   $27.0 million   secured promissory note due   June 15, 2020   (the  Note Receivable ). The Note Receivable bears a fixed interest rate of   9.00%   per annum, which is payable quarterly in arrears beginning on   June 30, 2015  . Aveda can, at any time, make prepayments of principal before the maturity date without premium or penalty. The Note Receivable is secured by a second lien on substantially all of Aveda s fixed assets and accounts receivable. The Note Receivable is presented in other long-term assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet.  

15 

In connection with fresh-start accounting (see Note 3), the Note Receivable was recorded at fair value of   $20.5 million   using an income approach. The difference between the   $27.0 million   face amount and the fair value recorded in fresh-start accounting is being accreted over the remaining life of the Note Receivable.  
    
  We recognized interest income of   $0.4 million  ,   $0.2 million   and   $1.4 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, related to the Note Receivable. We recognized interest income of   $0.6 million   and   $0.7 million   during the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, related to the Note Receivable. 
    
  We recognized a loss of   $35.0 million   on the sale of Hodges during the Prior Predecessor Period. Additionally, we recognized   $2.1 million   of stock-based compensation expense related to the vesting of restricted stock held by Hodges employees and   $0.6 million   of severance-related costs during the Prior Predecessor Period.  
    
  Hodges was included in our oilfield trucking segment. The sale of Hodges did not qualify as discontinued operations because the sale did not represent a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on our operations or financial results.  

7. Change in Accounting Estimate 
    
  We review the estimated useful lives of our property and equipment on an ongoing basis. Based on this review in the first quarter of 2015, we concluded that the estimated useful lives of certain drilling rig components and certain drilling rigs were shorter than the estimated useful lives used for depreciation in our consolidated financial statements. We reflected this useful life change as a change in estimate, effective January 1, 2015, which increased depreciation expense by   $0.6 million   and   $13.7 million   during the   Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period  , respectively. For the   Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period  , these changes increased our net loss by   $0.4 million   and   $9.3 million  , respectively, and increased our basic and diluted loss per share by   $0.01   and   $0.19  , respectively. 

16 

8. Earnings Per Share 
    
  Upon emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016, the Company s then outstanding common stock was cancelled and the New Common Stock and Warrants were issued.  
    
  Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding and includes the effect of any participating securities as appropriate. Participating securities consist of unvested restricted stock issued to our employees and non-employee directors that provide nonforfeitable dividend rights and are required to be included in the computation of our basic earnings per share using the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share, plus the dilutive effect of stock options for the Predecessor periods and warrants for the Successor period. For the Predecessor periods, the dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock and stock options was determined using the treasury stock method, which assumes the amount of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share-based compensation awards is used to repurchase shares at the average market price for the period. For the Successor period, the dilutive effect of warrants is determined using the treasury stock method, which assumes that any proceeds obtained upon the exercise of the warrants would be used to purchase common stock at the average market price for the period. 

(a) 
    No   incremental shares of potentially dilutive restricted stock awards or units were included for the periods presented as their effect was antidilutive under the treasury stock method.  
              (b) 
    The exercise price of stock options exceeded the average market price of our common stock during the   Current Predecessor Quarter, the Current Predecessor Period  , the Prior Predecessor Quarter and the Prior Predecessor Period. Therefore, the stock options were not dilutive.  
              (c) 
    The exercise price of warrants exceeded the average market price of our common stock during the Current Successor Quarter. Therefore, the warrants were not dilutive. 

17 

9. Property and Equipment Held for Sale 
    
  During the Current Successor Quarter, we identified certain drilling rigs to sell. We are required to present such assets at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less the anticipated costs to sell at the time they meet the criteria for held-for-sale accounting. Estimated fair value was based on the expected sales price, less costs to sell. Included in property and equipment held for sale on our consolidated balance sheet was   $8.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .    These assets are included in our drilling segment. 

10. Asset Sales and Impairments and Other 
    
  Asset Sales 
    
  During the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, we sold assets, primarily consisting of real estate and ancillary equipment, for   $5.7 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we sold our water hauling assets for   $6.5 million  , which consisted of property and equipment that had a total carrying amount of   $12.3 million  , and other ancillary equipment for   $12.1 million  . We recorded net (gains) losses on sales of property and equipment of approximately   ($0.8) million  ,   $0.8 million   and   $15.0 million   related to these asset sales during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  Impairments and Other 
    
  A summary of our impairments and other is as follows (in thousands): 

We recognized   $0.3 million   and   $3.3 million   of impairment charges during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, for certain drilling rigs that we deemed to be impaired based on our assessment of future demand and the suitability of the identified rigs in light of this demand. Estimated fair value for these drilling rigs was determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on a market approach. 
    
  We recognized   $2.9 million   and   $8.7 million   of impairment charges during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, for drilling-related services equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on the expected future cash flows of this equipment. The estimated fair value for the drilling-related services equipment was determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on a market approach. 
    
  We recognized   $2.7 million   of impairment charges during the Prior Predecessor Period for certain trucking and water disposal equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on expected future cash flows of this equipment. Estimated fair value for the trucking and fluid disposal equipment was determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on an income approach. 
    
  We recognized impairment charges of a nominal amount,   $2.9 million  ,   $1.6 million   and   $2.0 million   during the Current Predecessor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period, Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, related to certain other property and equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on our assessment of the market value and expected future cash flows of the long-lived asset. Estimated fair value for this property and equipment was determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on an income approach. 
    
  The assumptions used in our impairment evaluation for long-lived assets are inherently uncertain and require management s judgment.  
  
   18 

11. Debt 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2019 Senior Notes 
    
  In October 2011, we issued   $650.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   6.625%   Senior Notes due 2019. The filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions described in Note 2 constituted an event of default with respect to the 2019 Notes. The Company did not make the payment of   $21.5 million   in accrued interest that was due on May 15, 2016. The amount of contractual interest on the 2019 Notes that was not recorded from June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016 was   $6.5 million  .  
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, all outstanding obligations under the 2019 Notes were cancelled. 
    
  2022 Senior Notes 
    
  In June 2014, we issued   $500.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   6.50%   Senior Notes due 2022. The filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions described in Note 2 constituted an event of default with respect to the 2022 Notes. The Company did not make the payment of   $14.6 million   in accrued interest that was due on July 15, 2016. The amount of contractual interest on the 2022 Notes that was not recorded from June 7, 2016 through July 31, 2016 was   $4.4 million  .  
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, all outstanding obligations under the 2022 Notes were cancelled. 
    
  During the Prior Predecessor Quarter, we repurchased and cancelled   $10.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes for   $4.9 million  . We recognized gains on extinguishment of debt of   $5.0 million  , which included accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs of   $0.1 million  . During the Prior Predecessor Period, we repurchased and cancelled   $50.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in multiple transactions for   $31.3 million  . We recognized gains on extinguishment of debt of   $18.1 million  , which included accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs of   $0.6   million.  
    
  Term Loans 
    
  In June 2014, we entered into a   $400.0 million     seven  -year term loan credit agreement (the  Term Loan ). Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at our option at either (i) the Base Rate, calculated as the greatest of (1) the Bank of America, N.A. prime rate, (2) the federal funds rate plus   0.50%   and (3) a one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) rate adjusted daily plus   1.00%   or (ii) LIBOR, with a floor of   0.75%  , plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin for borrowings is   2.00%   for Base Rate loans and   3.00%   for LIBOR loans, depending on whether the Base Rate or LIBOR is used, provided that if and for so long as the leverage ratio is less than a certain level and the term loans have certain ratings from each of S P and Moody s, such margins will be reduced by   0.25%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the applicable rate for borrowing under the Term Loan was   3.75%  . The Term Loan is repayable in equal consecutive quarterly installments equal to   0.25%   (  1.00%   per annum) of the original principal amount of the Term Loan and will mature in full on   June 25, 2020  . 
    
  Obligations under the Term Loan are guaranteed jointly and severally by all of our present and future direct and indirect wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, other than certain excluded subsidiaries. Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan are secured by liens on all of our equity interests in our current and future subsidiaries, and all of our subsidiaries  present and future real property, equipment (including drilling rigs and frac spread equipment), fixtures and other fixed assets. 
  
   19 

We may prepay all or a portion of our Term Loan at any time. Borrowings under our Term Loan may be subject to mandatory prepayments with the net cash proceeds of certain issuances of debt, certain asset sales and other dispositions and certain condemnation events, and with excess cash flow in any calendar year in which our leverage ratio exceeds   3.25   to 1.00.  The Term Loan contains various covenants and restrictive provisions which limit our ability to (1) enter into asset sales; (2) incur additional indebtedness; (3) make investments or loans and create liens; (4) pay certain dividends or make other distributions and (5) engage in transactions with affiliates. 
    
  On May 13, 2015, we entered into an incremental term supplement to the Term Loan and borrowed   $100.0 million   in aggregate principal amount (the  Incremental Term Loan ), receiving net proceeds of   $94.5 million  . Borrowings under the Incremental Term Loan bear interest at our option at either (i) LIBOR, with a floor of   1.00%   or (ii) the Base Rate, calculated as the greatest of (1) the Bank of America, N.A. prime rate, (2) the federal funds rate plus   0.50%   and (3) a one-month LIBOR rate adjusted daily plus   1.00%  , plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin for borrowings is   9.00%   for LIBOR loans and   8.00%   for Base Rate loans, depending on whether the Base Rate or LIBOR is used. As of   September 30, 2016  , the applicable rate for borrowing under the Incremental Term Loan was   10%  . The Incremental Term Loan is payable in equal consecutive quarterly installments equal to   0.25%   (  1.00%   per annum) of the original principal amount of the Incremental Term Loan and will mature in full on   June 25, 2021  . 
    
  Obligations under the Incremental Term Loan are guaranteed jointly and severally by all of our present and future direct and indirect wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, other than certain excluded subsidiaries. Amounts borrowed under the Incremental Term Loan are secured by liens on all of our equity interests in our current and future subsidiaries, and all of our subsidiaries  present and future real property, equipment (including drilling rigs and frac spread equipment), fixtures and other fixed assets. 
    
  We may prepay all or a portion of our Incremental Term Loan at any time. Borrowings under our Incremental Term Loan may be subject to mandatory prepayments with the net cash proceeds of certain issuances of debt, certain asset sales and other dispositions and certain condemnation events, and with excess cash flow in any calendar year in which our leverage ratio exceeds   3.25   to 1.00. The Incremental Term Loan contains various covenants and restrictive provisions which limit our ability to (1) enter into asset sales; (2) incur additional indebtedness; (3) make investments or loans and create liens; (4) pay certain dividends or make other distributions and (5) engage in transactions with affiliates. All prepayments of the Incremental Term Loan, except for mandatory prepayments described above, if made on or prior to the   42  -month anniversary of the Incremental Term Loan, are subject to a prepayment premium equal to (i) a make-whole premium determined pursuant to a formula set forth in the Incremental Term Loan if made on or prior to the   18  -month anniversary of the Incremental Term Loan, (ii)   5.00%   of such principal amount if made after the   18  -month anniversary and on or prior to the   30  -month anniversary of the Incremental Term Loan, or (iii)   3.00%   of such principal amount if made after the   30  -month anniversary and on or prior to the   42  -month anniversary of the Incremental Term Loan. 
    
  The filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions described in Note 2 constituted an event of default with respect to the Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan. Upon the Effective Date of the Plan, such defaults were deemed cured or waived. As outlined in the Plan, we paid a consent fee equal to   2%   of the Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan, paid   $15.0 million   of the Incremental Term Loan balance and the Incremental Term Loan prepayment premium was suspended for an   18  -month period beginning on the Effective Date of the Plan. 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the Company entered into an amendment to the Term Loan and related guaranty agreement that, among other things, requires us to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings with Moody s Investor Service, Inc. and Standard   Poor s Rating Services, restrict our ability to create foreign subsidiaries, and revise certain provisions to address the granting of new liens on our assets.  
    
  In addition, on the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the Company entered into a waiver in respect of the Incremental Term Loan (the  Incremental Term Loan Waiver ) whereby the incremental term lenders agreed to waive their right to any prepayment premium that may be payable in respect of the Incremental Term Loan (other than in connection with a pre-maturity acceleration of the Incremental Term Loan) for a period of   eighteen   months following the Effective Date. The Company also entered into an amendment to the Incremental Term Loan and the related guaranty agreement to revise certain provisions to address the granting of new liens on our assets. 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the Company entered into new amended and restated security documentation in connection with the Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan that grants liens on and security interests in substantially all of our assets (subject to certain exclusions). The Company also entered into an inter-creditor agreement with  
  
   20 

the agents for the New ABL Credit Facility, the Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan that will govern the rights of its lenders with respect to the distribution of proceeds from our assets securing our obligations under the New ABL Credit Facility, the Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan. 
    
  Senior Secured Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement 
    
  On June 8, 2016, in connection with the filings of the Bankruptcy Petitions, the Company, with certain of our subsidiaries as borrowers, entered into a senior secured debtor-in-possession credit facility with total commitments of   $100.0 million  . 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the DIP Facility was amended and restated, and the outstanding obligations pursuant thereto were converted to obligations under the New ABL Credit Facility. 
    
  New ABL Credit Facility 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, certain of our domestic subsidiaries as borrowers entered into a   five  -year senior secured revolving credit facility with total commitments of   $100.0 million  . The maximum amount that we may borrow under the New ABL Credit Facility is subject to the borrowing base, which is based on a percentage of eligible accounts receivable, subject to reserves and other adjustments.   
    
  All obligations under the New ABL Credit Facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally by the Company and all of our other present and future direct and indirect material domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under the New ABL Credit Facility are secured by liens on substantially all of our personal property, and bear interest at our option at either (i) the Base Rate, calculated as the greatest of (1) the rate of interest publicly announced by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as its  prime rate,  subject to each increase or decrease in such prime rate effective as of the date such change occurs, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.50%   and (3) the one-month LIBOR Rate plus   1.00%  , each of which is subject to an applicable margin, or (ii) LIBOR, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from   1.00%   to   1.50%   per annum for Base Rate loans and   2.00%   to   2.50%   per annum for LIBOR loans. The unused portion of the New ABL Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee that varies from   0.375%   to   0.50%   per annum, according to average unused amounts. Interest on LIBOR loans is payable at the end of the selected interest period, but no less frequently than quarterly. Interest on Base Rate loans is payable monthly in arrears. 
    
  The New ABL Credit Facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions which limit our ability to (1) enter into asset sales; (2) incur additional indebtedness; (3) make investments or loans and create liens; (4) pay certain dividends or make other distributions and (5) engage in transactions with affiliates. The New ABL Credit Facility also requires maintenance of a fixed charge coverage ratio based on the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to fixed charges, in each case as defined in the New ABL Credit Facility. If we fail to perform our obligations under the agreement that results in an event of default, the commitments under the New ABL Credit Facility could be terminated and any outstanding borrowings under the New ABL Credit Facility may be declared immediately due and payable. The New ABL Credit Facility also contains cross default provisions that apply to our other indebtedness. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016,   no   borrowings were outstanding under the New ABL Credit Facility. 

21 

12. Other Current Liabilities 
    
  Other current liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are detailed below (in thousands): 

13. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Operating Leases 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were party to   five   lease agreements with various third parties to utilize   724   lease rail cars for initial terms of   five   to   seven years  . Additional rental payments are required for the use of rail cars in excess of the allowable mileage stated in the respective agreement. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were also party to various lease agreements for other property and equipment with varying terms. 
    
  Aggregate undiscounted minimum future lease payments under our operating leases at   September 30, 2016   are presented below: 

Rent expense for real property, rail cars and other property and equipment was   $1.0 million  ,   $0.7 million   and   $4.1 million  , for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, and   $2.2 million   and   $6.2 million   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. These expenses are included in operating costs in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

22 

Other Commitments 
    
  Much of the equipment we purchase requires long production lead times. As a result, we usually have outstanding orders and commitments for such equipment. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $2.6 million   of purchase commitments related to future capital expenditures that we expect to incur in the fourth quarter of   2016  .  
    
  Litigation 
    
  While the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed certain actions against the Company, including actions to collect pre-petition indebtedness or to exercise control over the property of its bankruptcy estates, the Company received an order from the Bankruptcy Court allowing it to pay all general claims, including claims of litigation counterparties, in the ordinary course of business in accordance with applicable non-bankruptcy laws notwithstanding the commencement of the Chapter 11 cases. The Plan confirmed in the Chapter 11 cases provides for the treatment of claims against the Company's bankruptcy estates, including pre-petition liabilities that have not otherwise been satisfied or addressed during the Chapter 11 cases. 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the Company, on its behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries, entered into a Litigation Trust Agreement (the  Litigation Trust Agreement ) with Alan Carr (the  Trustee ), pursuant to which the Litigation Trust (the  Trust ) was established for the benefit of specified holders of allowed claims. Pursuant to the Plan and the Confirmation Order, the Company transferred specified claims and causes of action to the Trust with title to such claims and causes of action being free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances, and interests. In addition, pursuant to the Plan and Confirmation Order, the Company transferred   $50,000   in cash to the Trust to pay the reasonable costs and expenses associated with the administration of the Trust. The Trustee may prosecute the transferred claims and causes of action and conduct such other action as described in and authorized by the Plan, make timely and appropriate distributions to the beneficiaries of the Trust, and otherwise carry out the provisions of the Litigation Trust Agreement. The Company is not a beneficiary of the Trust. 
    
  We are involved in various lawsuits and disputes incidental to our business operations, including commercial disputes, personal injury claims, property damage claims and contract actions. We record an associated liability when a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Although the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management is of the opinion that   no   pending or threatened lawsuit or dispute incidental to our business operations is likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The final resolution of such matters could exceed amounts accrued and actual results could differ materially from management s estimates. 
    
  Self-Insured Reserves 
    
  We are self-insured up to certain retention limits with respect to workers  compensation and general liability matters. We maintain accruals for self-insurance retentions that we estimate using third-party data and claims history. Included in operating costs is workers  compensation expense (credits) of   $0.5 million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $2.4 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, and   ($0.6) million   and   $4.1 million   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. 

14. Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  2014 Incentive Plan 
    
  Upon the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016, as discussed in Note 2, the Company s common stock was canceled and New Common Stock was issued. SSE s existing stock-based compensation awards under the stock-based compensation program prior to emergence from bankruptcy (the  2014 Incentive Plan ) were also either vested or canceled upon the Company's emergence from bankruptcy. Accelerated vesting and cancellation of these stock-based compensation awards resulted in the recognition of expense, on the date of vesting or cancellation, to record any previously unamortized expense related to the awards. During the Current Predecessor Quarter, the Company recognized expense of   $25.1 million   as a result of the vestings and cancellations, which is included in reorganization items, net in the statement of operations. 

23 

The 2014 Incentive Plan consisted of restricted stock available to employees and stock options. The restricted stock awards and stock options were equity-classified awards. Included in operating costs and general and administrative expenses is stock-based compensation expense of   $1.3 million  ,   $12.3 million  ,   $9.9 million   and   $32.4 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period, Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, related the to 2014 Incentive Plan. 
    
  2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
    
  In accordance with the Plan, on September 20, 2016, the Company adopted the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Our stock-based compensation program currently consists of restricted stock units available to employees and directors, which are equity-classified awards. The aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is   2,200,000  . 
    
  The fair value of the restricted stock units is determined based on the fair market value of SSE common shares on the date of grant. This value is amortized over the vesting period. Included in operating costs and general and administrative expenses is stock-based compensation expense of   $8.2 million   for the Current Successor Quarter related to the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan.  
    
  A summary of the status of changes of unvested shares of restricted stock units under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is presented below: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $25.5 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested restricted stock units. The cost is expected to be recognized over a period of   36 months  .  
    
  Performance Share Units 
    
  We also recognize compensation expense (benefit) related to performance share units ( PSUs ) granted by Chesapeake Energy Corporation ( CHK ) to our chief executive officer. Following the spin-off, compensation expense is recognized through the changes in fair value of the PSUs over the vesting period with a corresponding adjustment to equity and any related cash obligations are the responsibility of CHK. We recognized (credits) of   ($0.4) million  ,   ($0.1) million   and   ($1.3) million   related to these PSUs for the Current Predecessor Period, Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. 

15. Income Taxes 
  Our effective tax rate was   0%  ,   71%   and   28%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, and   27%   and   32%   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for the Current Successor Quarter is primarily due to the tax benefit at expected rates being offset by a full valuation allowance. The increase in the effective income tax rate for the Current Predecessor Quarter was primarily the result of the tax effect of reorganization adjustments. Furthe  r, our effective tax rate can fluctuate as a result of     state income taxes, permanent differences and changes in pre-tax income.  
    
  As of the bankruptcy emergence date of August 1, 2016, we are in a net deferred tax asset position and based on our anticipated operating results in subsequent quarters, we project being in a net deferred tax asset position at December 31, 2016. We believe it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized, and accordingly, have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets. In connection with the Company s emergence from Chapter 11 and subsequent application of fresh-start accounting, we recorded a valuation allowance of   $219.6 million   in the Current  
  
   24 

Predecessor Quarter. In the Current Successor Quarter we recorded a valuation allowance of   $12.9 million  , which reduced our income tax benefit to   zero   in the period. 
    
  A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, including net operating losses, is recognized when it is more likely than not that some or all of the benefit from the deferred tax asset will not be realized. To assess that likelihood, we use estimates and judgment regarding our future taxable income, as well as the jurisdiction in which such taxable income is generated, to determine whether a valuation allowance is required. Such evidence can include our current financial position, our results of operations, both actual and forecasted, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies as well as the current and forecasted business economics of our industry.  
    
  The benefit of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return is recognized in the consolidated financial statements at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority. Interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions would be recorded in interest expense and other expense, respectively. There were   no   uncertain tax positions at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  As described in Note 2, elements of the Plan provided that our 2019 Notes and 2022 Notes were exchanged for New Common Stock. Absent an exception, a debtor recognizes cancellation of indebtedness income ( CODI ) upon discharge of its outstanding indebtedness for an amount of consideration that is less than its adjusted issue price. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( IRC ), provides that a debtor in a Chapter 11 bankruptcy case may exclude CODI from taxable income but must reduce certain of its tax attributes by the amount of any CODI realized as a result of the consummation of a plan of reorganization. The amount of CODI realized by a taxpayer is determined based on the fair market value of the consideration received by the creditors in settlement of outstanding indebtedness. As a result of the market value of equity upon emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings, the estimated amount of CODI is approximately   $625.3 million  , which will reduce the value of the Company s net operating losses. The actual reduction in tax attributes does not occur until the first day of the Company s tax year subsequent to the date of emergence, or January 1, 2017. The reduction of net operating losses is expected to be fully offset by a corresponding decrease in valuation allowance. 
    
  The IRC provides an annual limitation with respect to the ability of a corporation to utilize its tax attributes, as well as certain built-in-losses, against future taxable income in the event of a change in ownership. Emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings resulted in a change in ownership for purposes of the IRC. The amount of remaining net operating loss carryforward available after the reduction for CODI will be subject to an annual limitation under IRC Section 382 due to the change in ownership. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes," which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We elected to adopt this change in accounting principle prospectively as of the bankruptcy emergence date of August 1, 2016, and therefore prior years are no longer comparable. The adoption of this standard had no immediate impact on our financial statements due to the full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016. 

16. Equity Method Investment     
    
  Effective June 6, 2016, we assigned our   49%   ownership of the membership interest in Maalt Specialized Bulk, L.L.C. ( Maalt ) back to the majority owners. We use the equity method of accounting to account for our investment in Maalt, which had a   zero   value as of June 6, 2016. We recorded equity method adjustments to our investment of   ($0.2) million   and   $0.9 million   for our share of Maalt s income (loss) for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively.  
    
  We reviewed our equity method investment for impairment whenever certain impairment indicators existed, including the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment. A loss in value of an investment which is other than a temporary decline should be recognized. We estimated that the fair value of our investment in Maalt was approximately   zero   as of December 31, 2015, which was below the carrying value of the investment and resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of   $8.8 million   during the year ended December 31, 2015. Estimated fair value for our investment in Maalt was determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) based on an income approach. 

25 

17. Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The fair value measurement standard defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (referred to as an  exit price ). Authoritative guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures clarifies that a fair value measurement for a liability should reflect the entity s non-performance risk. In addition, a fair value hierarchy is established that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are: 
    
  Level 1  -   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 2  -   Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. This category includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
    
  Level 3  -   Measured based on prices or valuation models that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable from objective sources. 
    
  Fair Value on Recurring Basis 
    
  The carrying values of cash, trade receivables and trade payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
    
  Fair Value on Non-Recurring Basis 
    
  Fair value measurements were applied with respect to our non-financial assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis, which consist primarily of long-lived asset impairments based on Level 3 inputs. See Note 10 for additional discussion. 

26 

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
    
  The fair values of the Note Receivable and our debt are the estimated amounts that a market participant would pay to purchase the Note Receivable or our debt, including any premium or discount attributable to the difference between the stated interest rate and market rate of interest at the balance sheet date. Fair values are based on quoted market prices or average valuations of similar debt instruments at the balance sheet date for those debt instruments for which quoted market prices are not available. Estimated fair values are determined by using available market information and valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The use of different market assumptions or valuation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

18. Concentration of Credit Risk and Major Customers 
    
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. Accounts receivable from CHK and its affiliates were   $68.2 million   and   $109.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , representing   62%   and   65%  , respectively, of our total accounts receivable.  
    
  Revenues from CHK and its affiliates were   $42.1 million  ,   $22.3 million   and   $217.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, or   53%  ,   55%   and   65%  , respectively, of our total revenues. Revenues from CHK and its affiliates were   $136.0 million   and   $656.5 million   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, or   64%   and   70%  , respectively, of our total revenues. We believe that the loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on our operating results as there can be no assurance that replacement customers would be identified and accessed in a timely fashion.  
    
  Included in total revenues are amounts related to idle-but-contracted ( IBC ) payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $9.2 million   and   $80.7 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, and   $22.6 million   and   $49.6 million   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The Company has continued to diversify its customer base as, excluding IBC revenues, non-CHK revenue as a percentage of total revenue was   58%  ,   55%   and   42%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, compared to   38%   and   31%   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. See Note 19 for further discussion of agreements entered into with CHK as part of the spin-off, including a services agreement and rig-specific daywork drilling contracts.  

19. Transactions with CHK 
    
  Prior to the completion of our spin-off on June 30, 2014, we were a wholly owned subsidiary of CHK, and transactions between us and CHK (including its subsidiaries) were considered to be transactions with affiliates. Subsequent to June 30, 2014, CHK and its subsidiaries are not considered affiliates of us or any of our subsidiaries. We have disclosed below agreements entered into between us and CHK prior to the completion of our spin-off.   

27 

On June 25, 2014, we entered into a master separation agreement and several other agreements with CHK as part of the spin-off. The master separation agreement entered into between CHK and us governs the separation of our businesses from CHK, the distribution of our shares to CHK shareholders and other matters related to CHK s relationship with us, including cross-indemnities between us and CHK. In general, CHK agreed to indemnify us for any liabilities relating to CHK s business and we agreed to indemnify CHK for any liabilities relating to our business.  
    
  On June 25, 2014, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with CHK, which governs the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of CHK and us with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings, and certain other matters regarding taxes. 
    
  On June 25, 2014, we entered into an employee matters agreement with CHK providing that each company has responsibility for our own employees and compensation plans. The agreement also contains provisions concerning benefit protection for both SSE and CHK employees, treatment of holders of CHK stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units, and cooperation between us and CHK in the sharing of employee information and maintenance of confidentiality.    
    
  On June 25, 2014, we entered into a transition services agreement with CHK under which CHK provides or makes available to us various administrative services and assets for specified periods beginning on the distribution date. In consideration for such services, we pay CHK fees, a portion of which is a flat fee, generally in amounts intended to allow CHK to recover all of its direct and indirect costs incurred in providing those services. These charges from CHK were   $8.3 million   for the Prior Predecessor Period. This agreement was terminated during the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  We are party to a master services agreement with CHK pursuant to which we provide drilling and other services and supply materials and equipment to CHK. Drilling services are typically provided pursuant to rig-specific daywork drilling contracts similar to those we use for other customers. The specific terms of each request for other services are typically set forth in a field ticket, purchase order or work order. The master services agreement contains general terms and provisions, including minimum insurance coverage amounts that we are required to maintain and confidentiality obligations with respect to CHK s business, and allocates certain operational risks between CHK and us through indemnity provisions. The master services agreement will remain in effect until we or CHK provides   30 days   written notice of termination, although such agreement may not be terminated during the term of the services agreement described below.   
    
  Prior to the spin-off, we were party to a services agreement with CHK under which CHK guaranteed the utilization of a portion of our drilling rig and hydraulic fracturing fleets during the term of the agreement. In connection with the spin-off, we entered into new services agreements with CHK which supplements the master services agreement. Under the new services agreement, CHK is required to utilize the lesser of (i)   seven  ,   five   and   three   of our pressure pumping crews in years   one  ,   two   and   three   of the agreement, respectively, or (ii)   50%   of the total number of all pressure pumping crews working for CHK in all its operating regions during the respective year. CHK is required to utilize our pressure pumping services for a minimum number of stages as set forth in the agreement. CHK is entitled to terminate the agreement in certain situations, including in the event we fail to materially comply with the overall quality of service provided by similar service providers. Additionally, CHK s requirement to utilize our services may be suspended under certain circumstances, such as if we are unable to timely accept and supply services ordered by CHK or as a result of a force majeure event.  
    
  In connection with the spin-off, we entered into rig-specific daywork drilling contracts with CHK for the provision of drilling services. The drilling contracts had a commencement date of July 1, 2014 and terms ranging from   three   months to   three   years. CHK has the right to terminate the drilling contracts under certain circumstances. 

20. Segment Information 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our revenues, income (loss) before income taxes and identifiable assets are primarily attributable to   three   reportable segments. During the three months ended June 30, 2015, we sold the remaining business and assets included in the oilfield trucking segment. Our former oilfield trucking segment s historical results for periods prior to the sales continue to be included in our historical financial results as a component of continuing operations as reflected in the tables below. 
    
  Each of these segments represents a distinct type of business. These segments have separate management teams which report to our chief operating decision maker. The results of operations in these segments are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker for purposes of determining resource allocation and assessing performance. Management evaluates the performance of our segments based upon adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization.  
  
   28 

Prior to 2016, the information that was regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker included general and administrative expenses that were allocated to each of our reportable segments for corporate overhead functions provided by the Other Operations segment on behalf of our reportable segments. Effective January 1, 2016, we no longer allocate general and administrative expenses to our reportable segments from the Other Operations segment in the information that is reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. For comparability purposes, this change has been reflected through retroactive revision of three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 segment information.  
    
  The following is a description of our segments and other operations: 
    
  Drilling  . Our drilling segment provides land-based drilling services. As of   September 30, 2016  , we owned a fleet of   90   land drilling rigs. 
    
  Hydraulic Fracturing  . Our hydraulic fracturing segment provides land-based hydraulic fracturing and other well stimulation services. As of   September 30, 2016  , we owned   13   hydraulic fracturing fleets with an aggregate of   500,000   horsepower. 
    
  Oilfield Rentals  . Our oilfield rentals segment provides premium rental tools for land-based drilling, completion and workover activities. 
    
  Former Oilfield Trucking  . Our oilfield trucking segment historically provided drilling rig relocation and logistics services as well as fluid handling services. During the three months ended June 30, 2015, we sold Hodges and sold our water hauling assets. As part of the spin-off, we sold our crude hauling assets to a third party. As of June 30, 2015, there were   no   remaining assets or operations in the oilfield trucking segment, although we do have ongoing liabilities, primarily related to insurance claims, whose income statement impact is charged to general and administrative expense. Our former oilfield trucking segment s historical results for periods prior to the sale continue to be included in our historical financial results as a component of continuing operations as reflected in the tables below.  
    
  Other Operations  . Our other operations consists primarily of our corporate functions, including our Term Loans and New ABL Credit Facility for the Successor period and 2019 Notes, 2022 Notes, Term Loans and ABL Credit Facility for the Predecessor periods.  

29 

30 

31 

21. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information 
    
  In October 2011, we issued the 2019 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of   $650.0 million   (see Note 11). On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, all outstanding obligations under the 2019 Notes were cancelled (see Note 2). Pursuant to the Indenture governing the 2019 Notes, such notes were fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by SSO s parent, SSE, and all of SSO s subsidiaries, other than SSF, which was a co-issuer of the 2019 Notes, and certain immaterial subsidiaries. Each of the subsidiary guarantors was   100%   owned by SSO and there were no material subsidiaries of SSO other than the subsidiary guarantors. SSF and Western Wisconsin Sand Company, LLC were minor non-guarantor subsidiaries whose condensed consolidating financial information is included with the subsidiary guarantors. SSE and SSO had independent assets and operations. There were no significant restrictions on the ability of SSO or any subsidiary guarantor to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. 
    
  Set forth below are condensed consolidating financial statements for SSE ( Parent ) and SSO ( Subsidiary Issuer ) on a stand-alone, unconsolidated basis, and their combined guarantor subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations, cash flows or financial position had the subsidiaries operated as independent entities. 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

22. Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which amends eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation,  which modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases,  which modifies the lease recognition requirements and requires entities to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall,  which requires separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and requires evaluation of the need for valuation allowance of deferred tax assets related to available-for-sale securities. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption not permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,  which changes inventory measured using any method other than LIFO or the retail inventory method (for example, inventory measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost) at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early application permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)  and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period; the FASB also provided for early adoption for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard, including related ASU Nos. 2016-08, 2016-10, and 2016-12, will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

37 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations relates to the two months ended   September 30, 2016   ( Current Successor Quarter ), the one month ended July 31, 2016 ( Current Predecessor Quarter ), the seven months ended July 31, 2016 ( Current Predecessor Period ), the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015   ( Prior Predecessor Quarter  and  Prior Predecessor Period ) and the three months ended   June 30, 2016   ( Previous Predecessor Quarter ) and should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are a diversified oilfield services company providing a wide range of wellsite services to U.S. land-based E P customers. We offer services and equipment that are strategic to our customers  oil and natural gas operations. We conduct our business through three operating segments: Drilling, Hydraulic Fracturing and Oilfield Rentals. Our operations are geographically diversified across many of the most active oil and natural gas plays in the onshore United States, including the Anadarko and Permian Basins and the Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Marcellus, Niobrara and Utica Shales. 
    
  Since we commenced operations in 2001, we have actively grown our business and modernized our asset base. As of   September 30, 2016  , our marketed rig fleet of   90   all-electric rigs consisted of   39   Tier 1 rigs (including   28   proprietary PeakeRigs ) and   51   Tier 2 rigs. In addition, we had one rig under refurbishment, which we expect to deliver in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , we also owned   13   hydraulic fracturing fleets with an aggregate of   500,000   horsepower and a diversified oilfield rentals business. For additional information regarding our business and strategies, please read  Business  in Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Cyclical Nature of Industry 
    
  We operate in a highly cyclical industry. The main factor influencing demand for oilfield services is the level of drilling and completions activity by E P companies, which in turn depends largely on current and anticipated future crude oil and natural gas prices and production depletion rates. Demand for oil and natural gas is cyclical and is subject to large and rapid fluctuations. When oil and natural gas prices increase, producers increase their capital expenditures, which generally results in greater revenues and profits for oilfield service companies. The increased capital expenditures also ultimately result in greater production, which historically has resulted in increased oil and gas supplies and reduced prices that, in turn, tend to reduce demand for oilfield services. For these reasons, our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year. For instance, the price of crude oil has fallen significantly from its peak in mid-year 2014, as a result of robust non-OPEC supply growth led by unconventional production in the United States, weakening demand in emerging markets and OPEC s decision to raise and maintain a higher production ceiling until recently, partly in an effort to protect its market share and drive higher cost producers out of the marketplace.  
    
  The sustained decline in commodity prices since mid-2014 has dramatically reduced the level of onshore United States drilling and completions activity and, consequently, the demand for our services. The current downturn has begun to show signs of improvement, however, any long-term recovery continues to be uncertain and is dependent on a number of economic, geopolitical and monetary policy factors that are outside our control. Until there is a sustained recovery in commodity prices, we expect that reduced equipment utilization levels and pricing pressure across each of our operating segments will persist. If drilling and completions activity remains at depressed levels or worsens, it could have a continued material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
    
  Emergence from Voluntary Reorganization under Chapter 11 Proceedings and Related Events 
    
  On June 7, 2016, the Debtors filed the Bankruptcy Petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Court. On July 14, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Confirmation Order. The Debtors satisfied the remaining conditions to effectiveness contemplated under the Plan and emerged from Chapter 11 on August 1, 2016. For additional information about our bankruptcy proceedings, see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  Upon our emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy, we adopted fresh-start accounting in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 852,    Reorganizations    which resulted in us becoming a new entity for financial reporting purposes. References to Successor relate to us on and subsequent to the Effective Date and references to Predecessor refer to us prior to the Effective  
  
   38 

Date. Upon adoption of fresh-start accounting, our assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair values as of the Effective Date. The Effective Date fair values of our assets and liabilities differed materially from the recorded values of our assets and liabilities as reflected in our historical condensed consolidated balance sheet. The effects of the Plan and the application of fresh-start accounting are reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2016 and the related adjustments thereto are recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of operations as reorganization items for the period ended July 31, 2016 (Predecessor Company). 
    
  As a result, our condensed consolidated balance sheets and condensed consolidated statement of operations subsequent to the Effective Date will not be comparable to our condensed consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations prior to the Effective Date. Our condensed consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented with a black line division which delineates the lack of comparability between amounts presented after July 31, 2016 and dates prior thereto. Our financial results for future periods following the application of fresh-start accounting will be different from historical trends and such differences may be material. For additional information about our application of fresh-start accounting, see Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
         
  Backlog 
    
  We maintain a backlog of contract revenues under our contracts for the provision of drilling and hydraulic fracturing services. Our drilling and hydraulic fracturing backlogs as of   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $206.1 million   and   $67.4 million  , respectively. We calculate our drilling backlog by multiplying the day rate under our contracts by the number of days remaining under the contract. We calculate our hydraulic fracturing backlog by multiplying the (i) rate per stage, which varies by operating region and is, therefore, estimated based on current customer activity levels by region and current contract pricing, by (ii) the number of stages remaining under the contract, which we estimate based on current and anticipated utilization of our crews. With respect to our hydraulic fracturing backlog, our contracts provide for periodic adjustments of the rates we may charge for our services, which will be negotiated based on then-prevailing market pricing and in the future may be higher or lower than the current rates we charge and utilize in calculating our backlog. Our drilling backlog calculation does not include any reduction in revenues related to mobilization or demobilization, nor does it include potential reductions in rates for unscheduled standby or during periods in which the rig is moving, on standby or incurring maintenance and repair time in excess of what is permitted under the drilling contract. In addition, many of our drilling contracts are subject to termination by the customer on short notice and provide for an early termination payment to us in the event that the contract is terminated by the customer. We calculate our contract drilling early termination value assuming each rig remains stacked for the remainder of the term of the terminated contract. As a result of the foregoing, revenues could differ materially from the backlog and early termination amounts presented. 
    
  Following are details of our drilling and hydraulic fracturing backlogs as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions):    

As of   September 30, 2016  , our hydraulic fracturing backlog had an average duration of 9 months.  
    
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
    
  Our management team uses a variety of tools to monitor and manage our operations in the following six areas: (a) segment gross margin, (b) equipment maintenance performance, (c) customer satisfaction, (d) asset utilization, (e) safety performance and (f) Adjusted EBITDA. 
    
  Segment Gross Margin.   We define segment gross margin as segment revenues less segment operating costs. We view segment gross margin as one of our key management tools for managing costs at the segment level and evaluating segment performance. Our management tracks segment gross margin both as an absolute amount and as a percentage of revenues compared to prior periods. 
  
   39 

Equipment Maintenance Performance  .   Equipment reliability ( uptime ) is an important factor to the success of our business. Uptime is beneficially impacted through preventive maintenance on our equipment. We have formal preventive maintenance procedures which are regularly monitored for compliance. Further, management monitors maintenance expenses as a percentage of revenue. This metric provides a leading indicator with respect to the execution of preventive maintenance and ensures that equipment reliability issues do not negatively impact operational uptime. 
    
  Customer Satisfaction  .   Upon completion of many of our services, we encourage our customers to provide feedback on the services provided. The evaluation of our performance is based on various criteria and our customer comments are indicative of their overall satisfaction level. This feedback provides us with the necessary information to reinforce positive performance and remedy negative issues and trends. 
    
  Asset Utilization.   By consistently monitoring our operations  activity levels, pricing and relative performance of each of our rigs and fleets, we can more efficiently allocate our personnel and equipment to maximize revenue generation. We measure our activity levels by the total number of jobs completed by each of our drilling rigs and hydraulic fracturing fleets on a periodic basis. We also monitor the utilization rates of our drilling rigs. We define utilization of our drilling rigs as the number of rigs that are operating divided by our marketed rig count. 
    
  Safety Performance.   Maintaining a safe and incident-free workplace is a critical component of our operational success. Our management team uses both lagging and leading indicators to measure and manage safety performance. Total Recordable Incident Rate ( TRIR ), Lost Time Incident Rate ( LTIR ) and Motor Vehicle Crash Rate ( MVCR ) are key lagging indicators reviewed by management. We also review leading indicators such as safety observations, training completion, and action item completion to enhance our view of safety performance. Safety performance data is reported, tracked, and trended in a centralized database, which allows us to efficiently focus our incident prevention efforts. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA.   The primary financial and operating measurement that our management uses to analyze and monitor the operating performance of our business is Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as net income before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, as further adjusted to add back gains on extinguishment of debt, gains or losses on sale of a business and exit costs, gains or losses on sale of property and equipment, impairments and other, non-cash stock compensation, severance-related costs, restructuring charges, reorganization items, interest income, and certain non-recurring items, such as the sale of our drilling rig relocation and logistics business and the sale of our water hauling assets.  
    
  The tables below shows our Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted EBITDA for the two months ended   September 30, 2016  , one and seven months ended   July 31, 2016  , three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015   and three months ended   June 30, 2016  . Please see  Non-GAAP Financial Measure  below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measures of, on a consolidated basis, net loss and cash provided by operating activities, and for each of our operating segments, net income or loss. 

40 

(a) 
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses were allocated to the Drilling segment in the amount of   $7.7 million   and   $24.2 million  , respectively, for corporate functions provided by the Other Operations segment on behalf of the Drilling segment. No allocations were made in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Previous Predecessor Quarter. The allocations for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period have been retroactively revised in the table above. See Note 20 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
       
           (b) 
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses were allocated to the Hydraulic Fracturing segment in the amount of   $6.8 million   and   $19.6 million  , respectively, for corporate functions provided by the Other Operations segment on behalf of the Hydraulic Fracturing segment. No allocations were made in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Previous Predecessor Quarter. The allocations for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period have been retroactively revised in the table above. See Note 20 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
       
           (c) 
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses were allocated to the Oilfield Rentals segment in the amount of   $2.4 million   and   $6.5 million  , respectively, for corporate functions provided by the Other Operations segment on behalf of the Oilfield Rentals segment. No allocations were made in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Previous Predecessor Quarter. The allocations for the Prior Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Period have been retroactively revised in the table above. See Note 20 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
       
  Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
    
   Adjusted EBITDA  is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA, as used and defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP.  
    
  Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income or loss, cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities, or other income or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. However, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our performance and liquidity and believes Adjusted EBITDA may be useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance and liquidity because this measure: 

is widely used by investors in the oilfield services industry to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such measure, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods, book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired, among other factors; 

is a liquidity measure that is used by rating agencies, lenders and other parties to evaluate our creditworthiness; and 

is used by our management for various purposes, including as a measure of performance for our operating entities and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 

41 

There are significant limitations to using Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of performance, including the inability to analyze the effect of certain recurring and non-recurring items that materially affect our net income or loss. Additionally, because Adjusted EBITDA excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
    
  On a consolidated basis, the following tables present a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measures of net loss and cash provided by operating activities. The following tables also present a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measure of net income or loss for each of our operating segments. 
    
  Consolidated 

42 

43 

Drilling 

(a) 
    Prior to 2016, the information that was regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker included general and administrative expenses that were allocated to each of our reportable segments for corporate overhead functions provided by the Other Operations segment, on behalf of our reportable segments. Effective January 1, 2016, we no longer allocate general and administrative expenses to our reportable segments from the Other Operations segment in the information that is reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. For comparability purposes, this change has been reflected through retroactive revision of the prior period segment information.  

44 

Hydraulic Fracturing 

(a) 
    Prior to 2016, the information that was regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker included general and administrative expenses that were allocated to each of our reportable segments for corporate overhead functions provided by the Other Operations segment, on behalf of our reportable segments. Effective January 1, 2016, we no longer allocate general and administrative expenses to our reportable segments from the Other Operations segment in the information that is reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. For comparability purposes, this change has been reflected through retroactive revision of the prior period segment information.  

45 

Oilfield Rentals 

(a) 
    Prior to 2016, the information that was regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker included general and administrative expenses that were allocated to each of our reportable segments for corporate overhead functions provided by the Other Operations segment, on behalf of our reportable segments. Effective January 1, 2016, we no longer allocate general and administrative expenses to our reportable segments from the Other Operations segment in the information that is reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. For comparability purposes, this change has been reflected through retroactive revision of the prior period segment information.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We require capital to fund ongoing operations, including operating expenses, organic growth initiatives, investments, acquisitions and debt service. We expect our future capital needs will be funded by cash flows from operations, borrowings under our New ABL Credit Facility, access to the capital markets and other financing transactions. We believe we will have adequate liquidity over the next twelve months to operate our business and meet our cash requirements.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash of   $23.0 million   and working capital of   $88.9 million  . As of   November 4, 2016  , we had cash of   $43.8 million   and our New ABL Credit Facility remained undrawn. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $2.6 million   of purchase commitments related to future capital expenditures that we expect to incur in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  We expect that our primary sources of liquidity will be from cash on hand, cash from operations and availability under our New ABL Credit Facility. On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, the DIP Facility was amended and restated, and the outstanding obligations pursuant thereto were converted to obligations under the New ABL Credit Facility. For additional information about our bankruptcy proceedings and a description of our New ABL Credit Facility, see Notes 2 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

46 

Long-Term Debt 
    
  The following table presents our long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

For further information on our long-term debt, please read Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Our business is capital-intensive, requiring significant investment to maintain, upgrade and purchase equipment to meet our customers  needs and industry demand. Our capital requirements consist primarily of: 

growth capital expenditures, which are defined as capital expenditures made to acquire additional equipment and other assets, increase our service lines, expand geographically or advance other strategic initiatives for the purpose of growing our business; and 
                
    maintenance capital expenditures, which are defined as capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain the service capability of our existing assets and include the replacement of components and equipment which are worn or obsolete. 
     Total capital expenditures were   $6.1 million  ,   $82.8 million   and   $151.8 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had   $2.6 million   of purchase commitments related to future capital expenditures that we expect to incur in 2016. We may increase, decrease or reallocate our anticipated capital expenditures during any period based on industry conditions, the availability of capital or other factors, and a significant component of our anticipated capital spending is discretionary. In addition, from time to time we may use cash on hand in excess of our budgeted capital expenditures to repurchase and cancel our outstanding long-term debt.  

47 

Cash Flow 
    
  Our cash flow depends in large part on the level of spending by our customers on exploration, development and production activities. Sustained increases or decreases in the price of oil or natural gas could have a material impact on these activities, thus materially affecting our cash flows. The following is a discussion of our cash flow for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period.    

Operating Activities  . Cash (used in) provided by operating activities was   ($7.8) million  ,   $6.5 million   and   $263.7 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Changes in working capital items (decreased) increased cash provided by operating activities by   ($11.8) million  ,   $26.2 million   and   $176.2 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Factors affecting changes in operating cash flows are largely the same as those that affect net income, with the exception of non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization, accretion of discounts on the Term Loans and Note Receivable, amortization of deferred financing costs, gains or losses on sales of property and equipment, impairments, non-cash compensation, income or losses from equity investees and deferred income taxes. Included in operating activities for the Current Predecessor Period are DIP Facility financing costs of $0.5 million. 
    
  Investing Activities  .   Cash used in investing activities was   $2.3 million  ,   $80.1 million   and   $114.9 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Capital expenditures are the main component of our investing activities. The majority of our capital expenditures for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period related to our investment in new PeakeRigs . Additionally, we purchased hydraulic fracturing equipment with an aggregate of 60,000 horsepower, at auction, for $10.6 million during the Current Predecessor Period. Cash used in investing activities was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of Hodges of   $15.0 million   during the Prior Predecessor Period and proceeds from asset sales in the amounts of   $3.8 million  ,   $2.6 million   and   $18.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. We also purchased   $6.2 million   of short-term investments and received proceeds of   $6.2 million   from the sale of short-term investments during the Current Predecessor Period.  
    
  Financing Activities  . Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was   ($4.7) million  ,   ($19.2) million   and   $6.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. During the Prior Predecessor Period, we had borrowings and repayments under our credit facility of   $160.1 million   and   $210.6 million  , respectively, and we borrowed $100.0 million under the Incremental Term Loan and received net proceeds of   $94.5 million  . We also repurchased and cancelled $50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in multiple transactions for   $31.3 million   during the Prior Predecessor Period. We paid deferred borrowing costs of   $1.2 million   and   $0.8 million   during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. We made term loan repayments of   $1.3 million  ,   $17.5 million   and   $3.5 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively.  
  
   48 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   vs.   Three Months Ended June 30, 2016    
    
  The following table sets forth financial information by operating segment and other selected information for the periods indicated. The Current Successor Quarter and the Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter are distinct reporting periods as a result of our emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016. References in these results of operations to  the change  and  the percentage change  combine the Successor Company and Predecessor Company results for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter in order to provide comparability of such information to the Previous Predecessor Quarter. While this combined presentation is a non-GAAP presentation for which there is no comparable GAAP measure, management believes that providing this financial information is the most relevant and useful method for making comparisons to the periods indicated. 

49 

Revenue 
    
  Revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   decreased     $18.0 million   from the Previous Predecessor Quarter primarily due to significant reductions in pricing in our hydraulic fracturing segment. This was partially offset by increased utilization in our drilling and oilfield rental segments. The majority of our revenues have historically been derived from CHK and its working interest partners. The percentage of our revenues derived from CHK were   53%   and   55%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   70%   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter as the Company continues to diversify its customer base. 
    
  Drilling revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   increased     $0.3 million  , or   0.4%  , from the Previous Predecessor Quarter. This   increase   was primarily due to a   39%     increase   in revenue days as the average active rig count increased from   15   in the Previous Predecessor Quarter to   21   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, which was offset by a   27%   decrease in IBC payments in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter compared to the Previous Predecessor Quarter. Average revenue per revenue day   decreased     2%   due to reactivation of rigs at spot market rates. Included in total revenues are amounts related to IBC payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $9.2 million   and   $35.3 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. The $9.4 million reduction in IBC payments in the Current Successor Quarter and the Current Predecessor Quarter compared to the Previous Predecessor Quarter is due to a reduction of lump sum termination payments. The Company has diversified its customer base in the drilling segment and increased its non-CHK revenue from   37%   in the Previous Predecessor Quarter to   41%   and   39%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Hydraulic fracturing revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   decreased     $18.9 million  , or   28%  , from the Previous Predecessor Quarter. This decrease was due to a   29%   decline in revenue per stage as a result of significant reductions in pricing in order to maintain healthy long-term customer relationships and to continue to diversify our business. The Company has diversified its customer base in the hydraulic fracturing segment and increased non-CHK customers from   21%   in the Previous Predecessor Quarter to   52%   and   49%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Oilfield rental revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   increased     $0.6 million  , or   7%  , from the Previous Predecessor Quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher utilization as the Company grows its customer base in the Permian Basin. The Company has diversified its customer base in the oilfield rentals segment and increased its non-CHK customers from   48%   in the Previous Predecessor Quarter to   62%   and   57%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 

50 

Operating Costs 
    
  As a percentage of revenues, operating costs were   80%   and   84%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   70%   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter. Operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   increased   $  1.2 million  , respectively, from the Previous Predecessor Quarter primarily due to an increase in fleet utilization in our drilling segment and maintenance expense in our hydraulic fracturing segment. 
    
  As a percentage of drilling revenues, drilling operating costs were   44%   and   37%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   37%   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter. Drilling operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   increased     $3.3 million  , or   14%  , from the Previous Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to increases in fleet utilization. Average operating costs per revenue day for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   18%   compared to the Previous Predecessor Quarter primarily due to declines in fixed labor-related costs. Drilling restructuring and reorganization charges were   $514.7 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter and   $0.1 million   and for the Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  As a percentage of hydraulic fracturing revenues, hydraulic fracturing operating costs were   127%   and   135%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   96%   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter. The increase was due to continued pricing pressure as well as increased repair and maintenance costs. Hydraulic fracturing operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   decreased     $2.1 million  , or   3%   from the Previous Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to a   5%     decrease   in operating costs per stage. Hydraulic fracturing restructuring and reorganization charges were   $45.1 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter and   $0.1 million   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  As a percentage of oilfield rental revenues, oilfield rental operating costs were   93%   and   94%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   100%   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter. The decrease was due to decreased fleet utilization. Oilfield rental operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $0.04 million  , or   1%  , from the Previous Predecessor Quarter. The decrease was primarily due to a decline in labor-related costs and subcontracting services. Oilfield rentals restructuring and reorganization charges were   $19.0 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter and   $0.04 million   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Other Financial Statement Items 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter were   $31.2 million   and   $22.9 million   and   $69.9 million  , respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the revaluation of our assets associated with the adoption of fresh-start accounting. As a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense was   39%  ,   57%   and   51%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  
    
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter were   $16.6 million  ,   $4.7 million   and   $39.7 million  , respectively. General and administrative expenses for corporate functions settled in cash   increased   $0.6 million, or   6%  , from   $11.8 million   in the Previous Predecessor Quarter to   $8.4 million   and   $4.0 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to an increase in consulting fees. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses settled in cash were   11%  ,   10%   and   9%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  
    
  Additionally, during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, we recognized restructuring charges of   $0.3 million  ,   ($0.4) million   and   $23.5 million  , respectively, primarily related to professional fees incurred prior to the Chapter 11 filing (see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). We incurred non-cash compensation expenses of   $7.6 million  ,   $1.0 million   and   $4.1 million   and severance-related costs of   $0.3 million  , a nominal amount and   $0.3 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  
  
   51 

Below is a breakout of general and administrative expenses incurred in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter.    

(Gains) Losses on Sales of Property and Equipment, Net  .   We recorded (gains) losses on sales of property and equipment of   ($0.8) million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $1.0 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  
    
  Impairments and Other  .   During the Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, we recognized impairment charges of a nominal amount and   $5.8 million  , respectively. During the Previous Predecessor Quarter, we recognized impairment charges of   $2.9 million   for drilling-related services equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on the expected future cash flows of this equipment. We also identified certain other property and equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on our assessment of the market value of the related property and equipment and recognized impairment charges of a nominal amount and   $2.9 million   related to this property and equipment during the Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Interest Expense  .   Interest expense for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter was   $6.2 million  ,   $2.4 million   and   $20.5 million  , respectively, related to borrowings under our senior notes, term loans and credit facility during the Predecessor periods and term loans and credit facility during the Successor period. Subsequent to June 7, 2016, we did not record interest expense on the unsecured debt due to the Chapter 11 cases. Contractual interest expense for the Current Predecessor Quarter was $8.4 million.  
    
  Other Income  . Other income was   $0.9 million  ,   $0.4 million   and   $0.9 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Reorganization Items, net.   Reorganization items for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter totaled   $0.2 million   and   $16.5 million  , respectively, compared to   $13.4 million   for the Previous Predecessor Quarter. Below is a breakout of charges for each period.   

Income Tax Benefit  . We recorded income tax benefit of   $28.1 million   and   $23.0 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter and Previous Predecessor Quarter, respectively. The   $5.1 million   increase in income tax benefit was primarily the result  
  
   52 

of the tax effect of reorganization adjustments. In the Current Successor Quarter we recorded a valuation allowance of   $12.9 million  , which reduced our income tax benefit to   zero   in the period. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   vs.   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table sets forth financial information by operating segment and other selected information for the Current Successor Quarter, the Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, which are distinct reporting periods as a result of our emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016. 

53 

Revenue 
    
  Revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   decreased     $93.4 million   from the Prior Predecessor Quarter. The decrease was primarily due to decreased utilization and increased pricing pressure. The percentage of our revenues derived from CHK was   53%   and   55%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   64%   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter, as the Company continues to diversify its customer base. Included in total revenue are amounts related to IBC payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $9.2 million   and   $22.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. Excluding the IBC revenues, the Company has diversified its customer base and increased non-CHK revenue from   38%   in the Prior Predecessor Quarter to   58%   and   55%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Drilling revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter   decreased     $17.3 million  , or   22%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, which was primarily due to a   24%   decline in revenue days as the average active rig count dropped from 28 in the Prior Predecessor Quarter to   21   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter. Average revenue per day for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   14%   from the Prior Predecessor Quarter due to lower spot market rates. Revenues from non-CHK customers remained flat at   41%   and   39%   of total segment revenues in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   42%   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter. Included in total revenue are amounts related to IBC payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $9.2 million   and   $22.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. Excluding the IBC revenues, the Company has diversified its customer base in the drilling segment and increased non-CHK revenue from   50%   in the Prior Predecessor Quarter to   64%   in both the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Hydraulic fracturing revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $70.1 million  , or   59%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, which was primarily due to a   33%   decrease in stages completed in addition to a   40%   decline in revenue per stage due to pricing pressure. The Company has diversified its customer base in the hydraulic fracturing segment and increased non-CHK customers from   27%   in the Prior Predecessor Quarter to   52%   and   49%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Oilfield rental revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $6.0 million  , or   40%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, which was primarily due to a decline in utilization by non-CHK customers and pricing pressure. Revenues from non-CHK customers decreased   $6.2 million   to   62%   and   57%   of total segment revenues in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively, compared to   77%   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter. 

54 

Operating Costs 
    
  As a percentage of revenues, operating costs were   80%  ,   84%   and   75%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. Operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $63.4 million   from the Prior Predecessor Quarter. The decrease was due to declines in labor-related costs, a decline in utilization in each of our segments and a decrease in product costs in our hydraulic fracturing segment.   
    
  As a percentage of drilling revenues, drilling operating costs were   44%  ,   37%   and   52%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and the Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to a higher proportion of IBC rigs, which generate revenue with little associated cost. Drilling operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $15.1 million  , or   37%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to a decrease in labor-related costs and lower fleet utilization. Drilling restructuring and reorganization charges were   $0.1 million   and   $514.7 million   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  As a percentage of hydraulic fracturing revenues, hydraulic fracturing operating costs were   127%  ,   135%   and   88%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. The increase was due to continued pricing pressure as well as increased repair and maintenance costs. Hydraulic fracturing operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $41.6 million  , or   40%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to a   39%   decrease in product costs. Hydraulic fracturing restructuring and reorganization charges were   $0.1 million   and   $45.1 million   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  As a percentage of oilfield rental revenues, oilfield rental operating costs were   93%  ,   94%   and   93%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. Oilfield rental operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter decreased   $5.7 million  , or   40%  , from the Prior Predecessor Quarter, primarily due to lower utilization and a decrease in labor-related costs. Oilfield rentals restructuring and reorganization charges were a nominal amount and   $19.0 million   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Other Financial Statement Items 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter was   $31.2 million  ,   $22.9 million   and   $68.9 million  , respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the revaluation of our assets associated with the adoption of fresh-start accounting. As a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense was   39%  ,   57%   and   32%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter were   $16.6 million  ,   $4.7 million   and   $26.7 million  , respectively. General and administrative expenses for corporate functions settled in cash decreased   $3.0 million  , or   20%  , from   $15.5 million   in the Prior Predecessor Quarter to   $8.4 million   and   $4.0 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter primarily due to declines in labor-related costs and consulting fees. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses settled in cash were   11%  ,   10%   and   7%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  
    
  Additionally, during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, we recognized restructuring charges of   $0.3 million  ,   ($0.4) million   and   $1.4 million   related to professional fees incurred prior to the Chapter 11 filing (see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and charges incurred related to the former oilfield trucking segment. We incurred non-cash compensation expenses of   $7.6 million  ,   $1.0 million   and   $8.3 million   and severance-related costs of   $0.3 million  , a nominal amount and   $1.5 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively.  

55 

Below is a breakout of general and administrative expenses incurred in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter.   

(Gains) Losses on Sales of Property and Equipment, Net  .   We recorded (gains) losses on sales of property and equipment of   ($0.8) million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $1.8 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. During the Prior Predecessor Quarter, we sold certain drilling rig components and spare equipment that we had identified as part of our broader strategy to divest of non-essential assets.  
    
  Impairments and Other  .   During the Prior Predecessor Quarter we recognized impairments of   $1.6 million   on non-strategic real property under contract to be sold.  
    
  Interest Expense  .   Interest expense for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter was   $6.2 million  ,   $2.4 million   and   $25.5 million  , respectively, related to borrowings under our senior notes, term loans and credit facility during the Predecessor periods and term loans and credit facility during the Successor period. Subsequent to June 7, 2016, we did not record interest expense on the unsecured debt due to the Chapter 11 cases. Contractual interest expense for the Current Predecessor Quarter was $8.4 million.  
    
  Gains on Extinguishment of Debt  . During the Prior Predecessor Quarter, we repurchased and cancelled   $10.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes for   $4.9 million  . We recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of   $5.0 million  , which includes accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs of   $0.1 million  .  
    
  Loss from Equity Investee  . Loss from equity investee was   ($0.2) million   for the Prior Predecessor Quarter, which was a result of our   49%   membership interest in Maalt. 
    
  Other Income  . Other income was   $0.9 million  ,   $0.4 million   and   $0.9 million   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. 
    
  Reorganization items, net.   Reorganization items for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Quarter totaled   $0.2 million   and   $16.5 million  , respectively. Below is a breakout of charges for each period (in thousands):   

56 

Income Tax Benefit  . We recorded income tax benefit of   $28.1 million   and   $17.5 million   for the Current Predecessor Quarter and Prior Predecessor Quarter, respectively. The   $10.6 million   increase in income tax benefit is primarily the result of tax effects of reorganization adjustments. In the Current Successor Quarter we recorded a valuation allowance of   $12.9 million  , which reduced our income tax benefit to   zero   in the period. 

Results of Operations   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table sets forth financial information by operating segment and other selected information for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, which are distinct reporting periods as a result of our emergence from bankruptcy on August 1, 2016.   

57 

Revenue 
    
  Revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $524.9 million   from the Prior Predecessor Period primarily due to decreased utilization and increased pricing pressure. The percentage of our revenues derived from CHK was   53%  ,   65%   and   70%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Included in total revenue are amounts related to IBC payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $80.7 million   and   $49.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Excluding the IBC revenues, the Company has diversified its customer base and increased non-CHK revenue from   31%   in the Prior Predecessor Period to   58%   and   42%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  Drilling revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $149.1 million  , or   43%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period, which was primarily due to a   60%   decline in revenue days as the average active rig count dropped from 46 in the Prior Predecessor Period to 18 in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period. Average revenue per revenue day for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   14%   from the Prior Predecessor Period. Revenues from non-CHK customers were   41%   and   38%   of total segment revenues in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, compared to   40%   for the Prior Predecessor Period. Included in total revenue are amounts related to IBC payments of   $16.5 million  ,   $80.7 million   and   $49.6 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Excluding the IBC revenues, the Company has diversified its customer base and increased non-CHK revenue from   44%   in the Prior Predecessor Period to   64%   and   67%   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively. 
  
   58 

Hydraulic fracturing revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $292.3 million  , or   60%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period, which was primarily due to a   42%   decrease in stages completed in addition to a   31%   decrease in revenue per stage due to pricing pressure. Revenues from non-CHK customers increased to   52%   and   28%   of total segment revenues in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, compared to   17%   for the Prior Predecessor Period. 
    
  Oilfield rental revenues for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $40.7 million  , or   62%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period, which was primarily due to a decline in utilization by CHK and pricing pressure. Revenues from non-CHK customers increased to   62%   and   60%   of total segment revenues in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, compared to   56%   for the Prior Predecessor Period. 
    
  Operating Costs 
    
  As a percentage of revenues, operating costs were   80%   and   71%   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, compared to   78%   for the Prior Predecessor Period. Operating costs decreased   $431.0 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period compared to the Prior Predecessor Period. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in labor-related costs, a decline in utilization in each of our segments and a decrease in product costs in our hydraulic fracturing segment.  
    
  As a percentage of drilling revenues, drilling operating costs were   44%  ,   37%   and   57%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to a higher proportion of IBC rigs, which generate revenue with little associated cost. Drilling operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $120.3 million  , or   61%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period primarily due to a decrease in labor-related costs and lower fleet utilization. Drilling restructuring and reorganization charges were   $0.1 million   and   $514.9 million   for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively.  
    
  As a percentage of hydraulic fracturing revenues, hydraulic fracturing operating costs were   127%  ,   99%   and   86%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The increase was due to increased pricing pressure. Hydraulic fracturing operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $219.2 million  , or   53%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period, which was primarily due to a   52%   decrease in product costs. Hydraulic fracturing restructuring and reorganization charges were   $0.1 million   and   $45.2 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  As a percentage of oilfield rental revenues, oilfield rental operating costs were   93%  ,   110%   and   89%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The increase was due to significant declines in fleet utilization and increased pricing pressure. Oilfield rental operating costs for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period decreased   $32.0 million  , or   55%  , from the Prior Predecessor Period, which was primarily due to lower utilization and a decrease in labor-related costs. Oilfield rental restructuring and reorganization charges were a nominal amount and   $19.1 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  During the Prior Predecessor Period, we sold our drilling rig relocation and logistics business and water hauling assets. As of June 30, 2015, there were no remaining assets or operations in the oilfield trucking segment. 
    
  Other Financial Statement Items 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period was   $31.2 million  ,   $162.4 million   and   $226.8 million  , respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the revaluation of our assets associated with the adoption of fresh-start accounting. In addition, we also had a change in accounting estimate for estimated useful lives of certain components of drilling rigs and certain drilling rigs in the Prior Predecessor Period. Please see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense was   39%  ,   49%   and   24%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period were   $16.6 million  ,   $66.7 million   and   $95.4 million  , respectively. General and administrative expenses for corporate functions settled in cash decreased   $24.9 million  , or   40%  , from   $61.6 million   in the Prior Predecessor Period to   $8.4 million   and   $28.3 million   in the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period, respectively, primarily due to declines in labor-related costs and consulting fees. As a percentage of revenues, general and  
  
   59 

administrative expenses settled in cash were   11%  ,   8%   and   7%   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively.  
    
  Additionally, during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, we recognized restructuring charges of   $0.3 million  ,   $28.1 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively, primarily related to professional fees incurred prior to the Chapter 11 filing (see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and charges incurred related to the former oilfield trucking segment. We incurred non-cash compensation expenses of   $7.6 million  ,   $9.7 million   and   $26.5 million   and severance-related costs of   $0.3 million  ,   $0.6 million   and   $6.0 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. Included in the non-cash compensation expenses and severance-related costs for the Prior Predecessor Period are $2.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively, related to the sale of Hodges.  
    
  Below is a breakout of general and administrative expenses incurred in the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period.    

Loss on Sale of a Business  .     On June 14, 2015, we sold Hodges, previously our wholly-owned subsidiary that provided drilling rig relocation and logistics services, for aggregate consideration of $42.0 million. We recognized a loss of   $35.0 million   on the sale during the Prior Predecessor Period. 
    
  (Gains) Losses on Sales of Property and Equipment, Net  .   We recorded (gains) losses on sales of property and equipment of   ($0.8) million  ,   $0.8 million   and   $15.0 million   during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. During the Prior Predecessor Period, we sold our water hauling assets. 
    
  Impairments and Other  .   During the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period we recognized impairments of   $6.1 million   and   $16.7 million  , respectively. During the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, we recognized impairment charges of   $0.3 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively, for certain drilling rigs that we impaired based on future cash flow of these rigs. Additionally, during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period we recognized impairment charges of   $2.9 million   and   $8.7 million  , respectively, for drilling-related services equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on the expected future cash flows of this equipment. We recognized impairment charges of   $2.7 million   during the Prior Predecessor Period for certain trucking and fluid disposal equipment that we deemed to be impaired based on expected future cash flows of this equipment. 
    
  We identified certain other property and equipment during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period that we deemed to be impaired based on our assessment of the market value and expected future cash flows of the long-lived asset. We recorded impairment charges of   $2.9 million   and   $2.0 million   during the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, related to these assets.  
    
  Interest Expense  .   Interest expense for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period was   $6.2 million  ,   $48.1 million   and   $74.0 million  , respectively, related to borrowings under our senior notes, term loans and credit facility during the Predecessor periods and term loans and credit facility during the Successor period. Subsequent to June 7, 2016, we did not recorded interest expense on the unsecured debt due to the Chapter 11 cases. Contractual interest expense for the Current Predecessor Period was $59.0 million.  
    
  Gains on Extinguishment of Debt  . During the Prior Predecessor Period, we repurchased and cancelled   $50.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes in multiple transactions for   $31.3 million  . We recognized gains on extinguishment of debt of   $18.1 million  , which included accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs of   $0.6   million.  

60 

Income from Equity Investee  . Income from equity investee was   $0.9 million   for the Prior Predecessor Period, respectively, which was a result of our 49% of the membership interest in Maalt. 
    
  Other Income  . Other income was   $0.9 million  ,   $2.3 million   and   $1.9 million   for the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. 
    
  Reorganization items, net.   Reorganization items for the Current Successor Quarter and Current Predecessor Period totaled   $0.2 million   and   $29.9 million  , respectively. Below is a breakout of charges for each period (in thousands):   

Income Tax Benefit  . We recorded income tax benefit of   $59.1 million   and   $74.5 million   for the Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The   $15.3 million   decrease in income tax benefit is primarily the result of an increase in the valuation allowance, partially offset by the tax effect of reorganization adjustments. We recorded a valuation allowance of $31.3 million as of July 31, 2016, which reduced our income tax benefit in the Current Predecessor Period. In the Current Successor Quarter we recorded a valuation allowance of   $12.9 million  , which reduced our income tax benefit to   zero   in the period. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Operating Leases 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were party to   five   lease agreements with various third parties to utilize 724 lease rail cars for initial terms of   five   to   seven years  . Additional rental payments are required for the use of rail cars in excess of the allowable mileage stated in the respective agreement. We account for these leases as operating leases. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were also party to various lease agreements for other property and equipment with varying terms. We account for these leases as operating leases. 
    
  Aggregate undiscounted minimum future lease payments as of   September 30, 2016   under our operating leases are presented below:    

61 

Other Commitments 
    
  Much of the equipment we purchase requires long production lead times. As a result, we usually have outstanding orders and commitments for such equipment. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $2.6 million   of purchase commitments related to future capital expenditures that we expect to incur in the fourth quarter of   2016  . 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  We consider accounting policies related to property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill, intangible assets and amortization, revenue recognition and income taxes to be critical policies.  These policies are summarized in   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-36354) filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016 and in Note 5 above.   
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  All references in this report to  SSE , the  Company ,  us ,  we , and  our  are to Seventy Seven Energy Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Certain statements contained in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or our future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as  seek,   anticipate,   plan,   continue,   estimate,   expect,   may,   project,   predict,   potential,   targeting,   intend,   could,   might,   should,   believe  and similar expressions. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and involve assumptions that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Seventy Seven Energy Inc. believes the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, but we cannot assure you that these expectations will prove to be correct. We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this report, which speak only as of the filing date. 
    
  Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including the following factors: 

potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 proceedings on our liquidity, results of operations, brand or business prospects; 

the ability to operate our business following the Effective Date;  

the effects of a bankruptcy filing on our business and the interests of various creditors, equity holders and other constituents; 

access to and cost of capital; 

market prices for oil and natural gas; 

our customers  expenditures for oilfield services; 

dependence on CHK and its working interest partners for a majority of our revenues and our ability to secure new customers or provide additional services to existing customers; 

the limitations that our level of indebtedness may have on our financial flexibility and restrictions in our debt agreements; 

our ability to develop and maintain effective internal controls, and to remediate a material weakness in our internal controls;  

the cyclical nature of the oil and natural gas industry; 

changes in supply and demand of drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing fleets and rental equipment; 

62 

our credit profile; 

access to and cost of capital; 

hazards and operational risks that may not be fully covered by insurance; 

increased labor costs or the unavailability of skilled workers; 

competitive conditions; and 

legislative or regulatory changes, including changes in environmental regulations, drilling regulations and liability under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. 
       
  If one or more events related to these or other risks and uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Except as may be required by law, we do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which amends eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation,  which modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases,  which modifies the lease recognition requirements and requires entities to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall,  which requires separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and requires evaluation of the need for valuation allowance of deferred tax assets related to available-for-sale securities. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption not permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,  which changes inventory measured using any method other than LIFO or the retail inventory method (for example, inventory measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost) at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early application permitted. We are currently evaluating what impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)  and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of  
  
   63 

ASU No. 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period; the FASB also provided for early adoption for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating what impact this  standard, including related ASU Nos. 2016-08, 2016-10, and 2016-12, will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Historically, we have provided substantially all of our oilfield services to CHK and its working interest partners. CHK accounted for approximately   53%  ,   65%   and   70%   of our revenues during the Current Successor Quarter, Current Predecessor Period and Prior Predecessor Period, respectively. The decline in commodity prices since mid-2014 has had an adverse effect on CHK s and our other customers  capital spending, which has adversely impacted our cash flows and financial position. The current down cycle has begun to show signs of improvement, however, any long-term recovery is uncertain. If we do not see long-term recovery, it could have a further adverse effect on our customers  capital spending. This would likely have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and financial position and could adversely affect our ability to comply with the financial covenant under our credit facility and limit our ability to fund our planned capital expenditures. 
    
  Changes in interest rates affect the amount of interest we earn on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and the interest rate we pay on borrowings under our credit facility and term loans. We have borrowings outstanding under our term loans and may in the future borrow under fixed rate and variable rate debt instruments that give rise to interest rate risk. For fixed rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt instrument, but not our earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not impact the fair value of the debt instrument, but may affect our future earnings and cash flows. Our primary exposure to interest rate risk results from outstanding borrowings under our credit facility and term loans.  
    
  The following table provides information about our debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. Weighted-average variable rates are based on effective rates at   September 30, 2016  .  

Our fuel costs, which consist primarily of diesel fuel used by our various trucks and other equipment, can expose us to commodity price risk and our hydraulic fracturing operations expose us to risks associated with the prices of materials used in hydraulic fracturing, such as sand and chemicals. The prices for fuel and these materials can be volatile and are impacted by changes in supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty and regional shortages. We currently do not hedge our exposure to these risks. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
    
  As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of September 30, 2016. Our  
  
   64 

disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. 
    
  At the time that our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 was filed on February 17, 2016, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2015.  At the time that our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was filed on April 25, 2016 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 was filed on August 9, 2016, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016. Subsequently, as a result of matters raised in a regulatory inspection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, reevaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015, March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, and continue to not be effective as of September 30, 2016 because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described below.  
    
  Notwithstanding the material weakness described below, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 as previously filed with the SEC, and the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and that they may still be relied upon.  
    
  Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following control deficiency that constituted a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. Management also determined that this material weakness existed as of December 31, 2015, March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016:  
    
  We did not design and maintain effective controls related to the recoverability of the carrying value of property and equipment.  Specifically, we did not design a review precise enough to determine the accuracy and support of certain assumptions related to the property and equipment impairment assessments. 
    
  The control deficiency constituted a material weakness, but did not result in a material misstatement to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 (or any of the condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarters included therein) nor to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 or September 30, 2016. Additionally, this material weakness could result in a misstatement of the aforementioned account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
    
  We will be amending our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 to reflect the conclusion by management that our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015. We are in the process of remediating the identified deficiency in internal control over financial reporting but we are unable at this time to estimate when the remediation effort will be completed. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

65 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

The information set forth under the caption  Litigation  in Note 13 of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of Part 1 of this report is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

Security holders and potential investors in our securities should carefully consider the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-36354) filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-36354) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016 together with other information in this report and other reports and materials we file with the SEC. We have identified these risk factors as important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any written or oral forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. 
    
  We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 
    
  As described in Part I, Item 4.  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  of this report, a material weakness in our controls over financial reporting existed since December 31, 2015, related to our review of the accuracy and support of certain assumptions related to the property and equipment impairment assessments, which impacts our analysis of the recoverability of the carrying value of property and equipment. As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation and because of the material weakness noted above, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015.  
    
  We are taking specific steps to remediate the material weakness that we identified; however, the material weakness will not be remediated until the necessary controls have been implemented and we have determined the controls to be operating effectively. Because the reliability of the internal control process requires repeatable execution, the successful remediation of this material weakness will require review and evidence of effectiveness prior to concluding that the controls are effective. In addition, we may need to take additional measures to address the material weakness or modify the remediation steps, and we cannot be certain that the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls will be sufficient to address the issues identified, to ensure that our internal controls are effective or to ensure that the identified material weakness will not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements. Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees from other management duties and require material cost to implement new process or modify our existing processes. If we are unable to correct the material weakness or deficiencies in internal controls in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, will be adversely affected. This failure could negatively affect the price of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties and generally materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition.  
    
  Although we are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes to ensure the adequacy of the internal controls over financial reporting, any control system, regardless of how well designed, operated and evaluated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Therefore, we cannot be certain that, in the future, additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not exist or otherwise be discovered. If our efforts to address a material weakness identified are not successful, or if other deficiencies occur, these weaknesses or deficiencies could result in misstatements of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements, negatively affect the price of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties and generally materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

66 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
    Reflects shares surrendered as payment for statutory withholding taxes upon the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units, as applicable, issued pursuant to the Seventy Seven Energy Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan and the Seventy Seven Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Incentive Plan for the period ending July 31, 2016 and the Seventy Seven Energy Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan for the period ending September 30, 2016. 
              (b) 
    In connection with the Company s emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy on August 1, 2016, all Predecessor common stock was canceled.  

Item 5. 
    Other Information 

Not applicable. 
  
   67 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 

68 

69 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   November 9, 2016 
    SEVENTY SEVEN ENERGY INC. 
        
    By: 
    /s/ Jerry Winchester 

Jerry Winchester 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ Cary Baetz 

Cary Baetz 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

70 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

71 

72 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 ex12120160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 
    
  SCHEDULE OF COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31120160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Jerry Winchester, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seventy Seven Energy Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Jerry Winchester 
        
    Jerry Winchester 
        
    Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31220160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Cary Baetz, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seventy Seven Energy Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Cary Baetz 
        
    Cary Baetz 
        
    Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32120160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Jerry Winchester, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                 November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Jerry Winchester 
        
    Jerry Winchester 
        
    Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32220160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seventy Seven Energy Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Cary Baetz, as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 
    
  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                 November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Cary Baetz 
        
    Cary Baetz 
        
    Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 sse-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sse-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sse-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sse-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sse-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sse-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

