<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_884887_0000884887-16-000199_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9190566</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138365</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>450568</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3213527</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4010054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1199744</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000884887-16-000199.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028171102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000884887-16-000199
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		IRS NUMBER:				980081645
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11884
		FILM NUMBER:		161959416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055396000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000884887-16-000199.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 rcl-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents        

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from            to            
    
  Commission File Number: 1-11884 
  ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Republic of Liberia 
      
    98-0081645 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

1050 Caribbean Way, Miami, Florida 33132 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
    
  (305) 539-6000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                           Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No     
    
  There were   214,582,024   shares of common stock outstanding as of   October 20, 2016  . 

Table of Contents        

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  
    1 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    25 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    44 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    44 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    45 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    45 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    45 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    46 

SIGNATURES  
    47 

Table of Contents        

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (unaudited; in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents        

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (unaudited; in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents        

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except share data) 

. 
    
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents        

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited; in thousands) 

(1)   Amount includes   $26.0 million   related to cash included in the divestiture of RCHE. 
    
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents        

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 
    
  As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,     the terms  Royal Caribbean,  the  Company,   we,   our  and  us  refer to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and, depending on the context, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. s consolidated subsidiaries and/or affiliates. The terms  Royal Caribbean International,   Celebrity Cruises,   Azamara Club Cruises,   TUI Cruises,   Pullmantur,  and  CDF Croisi res de France  refer to our cruise brands. However, because TUI Cruises is an unconsolidated investment, our operating results and other disclosures herein do not include TUI Cruises unless otherwise specified. Additionally, prior to August 2016, both Pullmantur and CDF Croisi res de France ("CDF") were wholly owned by us. However, in July 2016, we sold   51%   of our interest in Pullmantur and CDF, therefore, for the period subsequent to the sale, our operating results and other disclosures herein do not include Pullmantur and CDF unless otherwise specified. In accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, the term  berths  is determined based on double occupancy per cabin even though many cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. This report should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , including the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included therein. 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also includes trademarks, trade names and service marks of other companies.  Use or display by us of other parties  trademarks, trade names or service marks is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties other than as described herein. 

Note 1. General 
    
  Description of Business 
    
  We are a global cruise company.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we own and operate three global cruise brands:  Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Club Cruises.  We also own a   50%   joint venture interest in the German brand TUI Cruises, a   49%   interest in the Spanish brand Pullmantur and have minority interests in other smaller regional brands. 
    
  Prior to August 2016, Royal Caribbean Holdings de Espana ("RCHE"), the parent company of the Pullmantur and CDF brands, was wholly owned by us. Effective July 31, 2016, we sold   51%   of our interest in RCHE. We retain a   49%   interest in RCHE as well as full ownership of the vessels currently operated by the brands, which are bareboat chartered to RCHE. We account for the bareboat charters of the vessels to RCHE as operating leases. We also provide certain ship management services to RCHE. As a result of the sale of a majority interest in RCHE, we recognized an immaterial gain. In addition, we also continue to retain full ownership of the aircraft, which were not impacted by this sale transaction.  Effective August 2016, we no longer consolidate  RCHE in our consolidated financial statements and our investment in the company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 5.   Other Assets   for further information on our retained interest in RCHE.  
    
  The sale did not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results, as we continue to provide similar itineraries to and source passengers from the markets served by the Pullmantur and CDF businesses. Therefore, the sale of RCHE did not meet the criteria for discontinued operations reporting. Due to the change in the nature of the cash flows to be generated by the vessels operated by RCHE, we also reviewed the vessels for impairment. We determined that the undiscounted future cash flows of the vessels exceeded their carrying value; therefore, no impairment was required.  
    
  Basis for Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
  The unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). Estimates are required for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with these principles. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Refer to Note 2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our significant accounting policies. 
    
  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. We consolidate entities over which we have control, usually evidenced by a direct ownership interest of greater than   50%  , and variable interest entities where we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. Refer to Note 5.   Other Assets   for further information regarding our variable interest entities. For affiliates we do not control but over which we have significant influence on financial and operating policies, usually evidenced by a direct ownership interest from   20%   to   50%  , the investment is accounted for using the equity method.  
    
  Prior to January 1, 2016, we consolidated the operating results of RCHE on a   two  -month reporting lag to allow for more timely preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Effective January 1, 2016, we eliminated the two-month reporting lag  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents        

to reflect RCHE's financial position, results of operations and cash flows concurrently and consistently with the fiscal calendar of the Company ("elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag"). The elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag represented a change in accounting principle which we believed to be preferable because it provided more current information to the users of our financial statements. A change in accounting principle requires retrospective application, if material. The impact of the elimination of the reporting lag was immaterial to prior periods and is expected to be immaterial for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. As a result, we have accounted for this change in accounting principle in our consolidated results for the first nine months of 2016. Accordingly, the results of RCHE for November and December 2015 are included in our statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The effect of this change was a decrease to net income of   $21.7 million  , which has been reported within   Other income   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, amended GAAP guidance was issued to clarify the principles used to recognize revenue for all entities. The guidance also requires more detailed disclosures and provides additional guidance for transactions that were not comprehensively addressed in the prior accounting guidance. This guidance must be applied using one of two retrospective application methods and will be effective for our annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted for our annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of the adoption of the revenue recognition guidance to our consolidated financial statements and intend to elect the modified retrospective method to all contracts on the date of initial application, January 1, 2018.  This will involve applying the guidance retrospectively only to the most current period presented in the financial statements and recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance as an adjustment to the January 1, 2018 opening balance of retained earnings at the date of initial application.   
    
  In August 2014, GAAP guidance was issued requiring management to evaluate, at each annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide related disclosures. This guidance will be effective for our annual reporting period ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, amended GAAP guidance was issued to simplify the measurement of inventory for all entities. The amendments apply to all inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or average cost.  The guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The guidance must be applied prospectively and will be effective for our interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
  In November 2015, amended GAAP guidance was issued to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position and eliminates the classification between current and noncurrent amounts. The guidance will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.  The amendments primarily impact the accounting for certain equity investments, the accounting for financial liabilities subject to the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The guidance will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements of fiscal years and interim periods that have not yet been issued or that have not yet been made available for issuance as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.  The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to increase the transparency and comparability of lease accounting among organizations. For leases with a term greater than 12 months, the amendments require the lease rights and obligations arising from the leasing arrangements, including operating leases, to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. The amendments also expand the required disclosures surrounding leasing arrangements. The guidance must be applied using a  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents        

retrospective application method and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this newly issued guidance to our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued addressing the effect of derivative contract novations on existing hedge accounting relationships. The amendments clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The guidance must be applied using a prospective or modified retrospective application method and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued addressing contingent put and call options in debt instruments. The amendments clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call and put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts, or whether the embedded call and put options should be bifurcated from the related debt instrument and accounted for separately as a derivative. The guidance must be applied using a modified retrospective approach and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have an impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to simplify the transition to the equity method of accounting. The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The guidance must be applied prospectively and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, but could have an impact on our accounting for equity method investments in the future.  
    
  In March 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to address expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments. The amendment requires financial assets and net investment leases that are currently measured at amortized cost basis be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The guidance must be applied using the modified-retrospective approach and will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, amended GAAP guidance was issued to clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments are aimed at reducing the existing diversity in practice. The guidance should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented and will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this newly issued guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Other 
    
  Revenues and expenses include port costs that vary with guest head counts. The amounts of such port costs included in   Passenger ticket revenues   on a gross basis were   $158.7 million   and   $156.8 million   for the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $443.1 million   and   $425.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 835, Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, using the retrospective approach. Due to the adoption of ASC 835,   $139.8 million   of debt issuance costs have been reclassified in the  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents        

consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2015, from   Other assets   to either   Current portion of long-term debt   or   Long-term debt   in order to conform to the current year presentation.  
    
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,   $5.3 million   has been reclassified in the consolidated statements of cash flows from   Other, net   to   Dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates   within   Net cash provided by operating activities   in order to conform to the current year presentation. 

Note 3. Earnings Per Share 
    
  A reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

There were no antidilutive shares for the     quarters and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016     and   September 30, 2015  . 

8 

Table of Contents        

Note 4. Property and Equipment 
    
  In April 2016, we completed the previously announced sale of   Splendour of the Seas   to TUI Cruises. Concurrent with the acquisition, TUI Cruises leased the ship to Thomson Cruises, an affiliate of TUI AG, our joint venture partner, who will operate the ship. The gain recognized did not have a material effect to our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In June 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell a ship to Thomson Cruises. The sale is scheduled to be completed in March 2017 in order to retain the future revenues to be generated for sailings through that date. We expect to recognize a gain on the sale, which we do not expect will have a material effect to our annual consolidated financial statements.  

Note 5. Other Assets 
    
  A Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ) is an entity in which the equity investors have not provided enough equity to finance the entity s activities or the equity investors: (1) cannot directly or indirectly make decisions about the entity s activities through their voting rights or similar rights; (2) do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity; (3) do not have the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (4) have voting rights that are not proportionate to their economic interests and the entity s activities involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor with a disproportionately small voting interest. 
    
  We have determined that TUI Cruises GmbH, our   50%  -owned joint venture, which operates the brand TUI Cruises, is a VIE. As of   September 30, 2016  , the net book value of our investment in TUI Cruises was approximately   $513.6 million  , consisting of   $304.3 million   in equity and a loan of   $209.3 million  . The loan, which was made in connection with the sale of   Splendour of the Seas   in April 2016, accrues interest at a rate of   6.25%   per annum and is payable over a   10  -year term. This loan is   50%   guaranteed by TUI AG, our joint venture partner, and is secured by a first priority mortgage on the ship.  Refer to Note 4.   Property and Equipment   for further information. As of   December 31, 2015  , the net book value of our investment in TUI Cruises was approximately   $293.8 million  , consisting of equity. The majority of these amounts were included within   Other assets   in our consolidated balance sheets. 
    
   In addition, we and TUI AG have each guaranteed the repayment of   50%   of a bank loan. As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal amount of the loan was    121.6 million  , or approximately   $136.6 million   based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  . While this loan matures in May 2022, the lenders have agreed to release each shareholder's guarantee in 2018. The loan amortizes quarterly and is secured by first mortgages on the   Mein Schiff 1   and   Mein Schiff 2   vessels. Based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under our guarantee of this bank loan are probable. 
    
  Our investment amount, outstanding term loan and the potential obligations under the bank loan guarantee are substantially our maximum exposure to loss in connection with our investment in TUI Cruises. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of TUI Cruises. We believe that the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact TUI Cruises  economic performance are shared between ourselves and TUI AG. All the significant operating and financial decisions of TUI Cruises require the consent of both parties, which we believe creates shared power over TUI Cruises. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and account for this investment under the equity method of accounting.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , TUI Cruises has   three   newbuild ships on order scheduled to be delivered in each of 2017, 2018 and 2019. TUI Cruises has in place agreements for the secured financing of each of the ships on order for up to   80%   of the contract price. The remaining portion of the contract price of the ships is expected to be funded through an existing    150.0 million   bank facility and TUI Cruises  cash flows from operations. The various ship construction and financing agreements include certain restrictions on each of our and TUI AG s ability to reduce our current ownership interest in TUI Cruises below   37.55%   through 2021. 
    
  We have determined that RCHE, in which we have a   49%   noncontrolling interest, is a VIE for which we are not the primary beneficiary, as we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance. Accordingly, subsequent to the sale of our   51%   interest in RCHE to Springwater Capital LLC ("Springwater"), we do not consolidate this entity and we account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. As of   September 30, 2016  , the net book value of our investment in RCHE was approximately   $25.0 million  , consisting of reimbursement commitments from several RCHE subsidiaries to RCL for fuel hedge costs related to Pullmantur and CDF through the closing date and as a condition of the sale. The amount is payable through 2019 and is   51%   guaranteed by Springwater.  This amount was included within   Trade and Other Receivables   and   Other assets   in our consolidated balance sheets and represents our maximum exposure to loss related to our investment in RCHE. 
    
  In conjunction with the sale, we provided a non-revolving working capital facility to an RCHE subsidiary in the amount of up to    15.0 million   or approximately   $16.9 million   based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  . Proceeds of the facility,  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents        

which may be drawn through July 2018, will bear interest at the rate of   6.5%   per annum and are payable through 2022. Springwater has guaranteed repayment of   51%   of the oustanding amounts under the facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , no amounts had been drawn on this facility. See Note 1.   General   for further discussion on the sales transaction.  
    
  We have determined that Grand Bahama Shipyard Ltd. ( Grand Bahama ), a ship repair and maintenance facility in which we have a   40%   noncontrolling interest, is a VIE. This facility serves cruise and cargo ships, oil and gas tankers and offshore units.  We utilize this facility, among other ship repair facilities, for our regularly scheduled drydocks and certain emergency repairs as may be required. During the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we made payments of   $2.6 million   and   $36.0 million  , respectively, to Grand Bahama for ship repair and maintenance services. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of this facility as we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the facility s economic performance. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and we account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. As of   September 30, 2016  , the net book value of our investment in Grand Bahama was approximately   $45.7 million  , consisting of   $21.9 million   in equity and a loan of   $23.8 million  . As of   December 31, 2015  , the net book value of our investment in Grand Bahama was approximately   $51.2 million  , consisting of   $12.6 million   in equity and a loan of   $38.6 million  . These amounts represent our maximum exposure to loss related to our investment in Grand Bahama. Our debt agreement with Grand Bahama was amended during the quarter ended March 31, 2016 to extend the maturity by   10 years   and increase the applicable interest rate to the lower of (i) LIBOR plus   3.50%   and (ii)   5.5%  . Interest payable on the loan is due on a semi-annual basis. We continue to classify the loan, as modified, as non-accrual status. The loan balance is included within   Other assets   in our consolidated balance sheets. During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , no principal payments were made. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   we received principal payments of approximately   $14.8 million  . We monitor credit risk associated with the loan through our participation on Grand Bahama s board of directors along with our review of Grand Bahama s financial statements and projected cash flows. Based on this review, we believe the risk of loss associated with the outstanding loan is not probable as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  We have determined that Skysea Holding International Ltd. ("Skysea Holding"), in which we have a   35%   noncontrolling interest, is a VIE for which we are not the primary beneficiary, as we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and we account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. In December 2014, we and Ctrip.com International Ltd, which also owns   35%   of Skysea Holding, each provided a debt facility to a wholly owned subsidiary of Skysea Holding in the amount of   $80.0 million  . Interest under these facilities, which mature in January 2030, initially accrues at a rate of   3.0%   per annum with an increase of at least   0.5%   every two years through maturity. The facilities, which are pari passu to each other, are each   100%   guaranteed by Skysea Holding and are secured by first priority mortgages on the ship,   Golden Era.   In September 2016, we and Ctrip.com International Ltd each provided an additional debt facility to Skysea Holding in the amount of up to   $3.8 million  . Interest under these facilities, which mature in December 2016, accrues at a rate of   3.0%   per annum.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the net book value of our investment in Skysea Holding and its subsidiaries was approximately   $95.5 million  , consisting of   $11.2 million   in equity and loans of   $84.3 million  . As of   December 31, 2015  , the net book value of our investment in Skysea Holding and its subsidiaries was approximately   $99.8 million  , consisting of   $17.3 million   in equity and a loan of   $82.4 million  . The majority of these amounts were included within   Other assets   in our consolidated balance sheets and represent our maximum exposure to loss related to our investment in Skysea Holding. 
    
  The following table sets forth information regarding our investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, including the entities discussed above, (in thousands): 

(1)    Our share of equity income from investments are reported within   Other income   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and   Other, net   within Operating Activities     in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents        

We also provide ship management services to TUI Cruises GmbH, RCHE and Skysea Holding. Additionally, we bareboat charter to Pullmantur the vessels currently operated by its brands, which were retained by us. We recorded the following as it relates to these services in our operating results within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands):  

Note 6. Long-Term Debt  
    
  In February 2016, we amended our unsecured term loans for   Oasis of the Seas   and   Allure of the Seas   to reduce the margins on those facilities and incorporate certain covenant improvements included in our more recent credit facilities. The interest rate on both the   $420.0 million   floating rate tranche of the   Oasis of the Seas   term loan and the   $1.1 billion     Allure of the Seas   term loan was reduced from LIBOR plus   1.85%   to LIBOR plus   1.65%  . These amendments did not result in the extinguishment of debt.  
    
  In February 2016, we agreed with the lenders on our    365.0 million   unsecured term loan due 2017 to convert    247.5 million  , or   $273.2 million  , of the outstanding principal balance from Euro to US dollars. Interest on the new US dollar tranche accrues at a floating rate based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin. The balance of the facility of    117.5 million   will remain outstanding in Euro and will continue to accrue interest at a floating rate based on EURIBOR, subject to a   0%   floor, plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin varies with our debt rating and was   1.75%   as of   September 30, 2016  . The amendment did not result in the extinguishment of debt.  
    
  In April 2016, we took delivery of   Ovation of the Seas  . To finance the purchase, we borrowed   $841.8 million   under a previously committed unsecured term loan which is   95%   guaranteed by Euler Hermes Deutschland AG ("Hermes"), the official export credit agency of Germany. The loan amortizes semi-annually over   12 years   and bears interest at LIBOR plus a margin of   1.00%  , totaling   1.91%   as of   September 30, 2016  . During 2015, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements which effectively converted   $830.0 million   of the loan from the floating rate available to us per the credit agreement to a fixed rate, including the applicable margin, of   3.16%   effective from April 2016 through the maturity of the loan. See Note 10.   Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments   for further information regarding these agreements. 
    
  In April 2016, we entered into and drew in full on a credit agreement which provides an unsecured term loan in the amount of   $200 million  . The loan is due and payable at maturity in April 2017. Interest on the loan accrues at a floating rate based on LIBOR plus a margin of   1.30%  , totaling   1.82%   as of   September 30, 2016  . The proceeds from this loan were used to repay amounts outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facilities.  
    
  In May 2016, we took delivery of   Harmony of the Seas  . To finance the purchase, we borrowed an unsecured Euro-denominated term loan in the amount of    700.7 million  , or   $787.2 million   based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  , and an unsecured US dollar-denominated term loan in the amount of   $226.1 million   under previously committed credit agreements. Both of the facilities are   100%   guaranteed by Compagnie Francaise d Assurance pour le Commerce Ext rieur ( COFACE ), the official export credit agency of France. The Euro-denominated term loan amortizes semi-annually over   12 years   and bears interest at EURIBOR, subject to a   0%   floor, plus the applicable margin of   1.15%  , totaling   1.15%   as of   September 30, 2016  . The US dollar-denominated term loan amortizes semi-annually over   12 years   and bears interest at a fixed rate of   2.53%  . During 2015, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements which effectively converted    693.4 million  , or   $779.0 million   based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  , of the Euro-denominated term loan from the floating rate per the credit agreement to a fixed rate, including the applicable margin, of   2.26%   effective from May 2016 through the maturity of the loan. See Note 10.   Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments   for further information regarding these agreements. 

Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Ship Purchase Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate cost of our ships on firm order, not including the TUI Cruises' ships on order and those subject to conditions to effectiveness, was approximately   $5.3 billion  , of which we had deposited   $282.0 million   as of such date. Approximately   56.1%   of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 10.   Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments   for further information.  

11 

     Table of Contents        

In June 2016, we entered into credit agreements for the unsecured financing of our first   two   "Project Edge" ships for up to   80%   of each ship s contract price through facilities to be guaranteed   100%   by COFACE. The ships are expected to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the first half of 2020, respectively. Under these financing arrangements, we have the right, but not the obligation, to satisfy the obligations to be incurred upon delivery and acceptance of each vessel under the shipbuilding contract by assuming, at delivery and acceptance, the debt indirectly incurred by the shipbuilder during the construction of each ship. The maximum loan amount under each facility is not to exceed the US dollar equivalent of    622.6 million   and    652.6 million  , or approximately   $699.4 million   and   $733.1 million  , respectively, based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  , for the first "Project Edge" ship delivery and the second "Project Edge" ship delivery, respectively. The loans will amortize semi-annually and will mature   12 years   following delivery of each ship. Interest on the loans will accrue at a fixed rate of   3.23%  . 
    
  In September 2016, we signed conditional agreements with STX France to build a fifth Oasis-class ship expected to be delivered in the second quarter of 2021, and a third and fourth "Project Edge" ship expected to be delivered in the fourth quarter of each of 2021 and 2022. These agreements are contingent upon completion of conditions precedent, including financing.  
    
  In October 2016, we signed a memorandum of understanding with Meyer Turku to build   two   ships of a new generation of ships for Royal Caribbean International, known as "Project Icon", which are expected to enter service in the second quarters of 2022 and 2024, respectively. While the design is still being finalized, each ship will likely accommodate approximately   5,000   guests. These orders are contingent upon completion of conditions precedent, including documentation and financing. 
    
  Litigation 
    
  In April 2015, the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation issued Notices of Violation to Royal Caribbean International and Celebrity Cruises seeking monetary penalties for alleged violations of the Alaska Marine Visible Emission Standards that occurred over the past five years on certain of our vessels. We believe we have meritorious defenses to the allegations and we are cooperating with the state of Alaska. We do not believe that the ultimate outcome of these claims will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  We are routinely involved in other claims typical within the cruise vacation industry. The majority of these claims are covered by insurance. We believe the outcome of such claims, net of expected insurance recoveries, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Other 
    
  In July 2016, we executed an agreement with Miami Dade County ( MDC ), which was simultaneously assigned to Sumitomo Banking Corporation ( SMBC ), to lease land from MDC and construct a new cruise terminal at PortMiami in Miami, Florida. The terminal is expected to be approximately   170,000   square-feet and will serve as a homeport. During the construction period, SMBC will fund the costs of the terminal s construction and land lease. Upon completion of the terminal's construction, we will operate and lease the terminal from SMBC for a   five  -year term. We determined that the lease arrangement between SMBC and us should be accounted for as an operating lease upon completion of the terminal. 
   If any person acquires ownership of more than   50%   of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any   24  -month period, a majority of the Board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the Board on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. Our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than   50%   of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations. 

Note 8. Shareholders  Equity 
    
  In September 2016, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.48   per share which was paid in October of 2016. During the first and second quarters of 2016, we declared and paid a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.375   per share. During the first quarter of 2016, we also paid a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.375   per share which was declared during the fourth quarter of 2015.  
    
  During the third quarter of 2015, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.375   per share which was paid in October of 2015. During the first and second quarters of 2015, we declared and paid a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.30   per share. During the first quarter of 2015, we also paid a cash dividend on our common stock of   $0.30   per share which was declared during the fourth quarter of 2014.  

12 

     Table of Contents        

In October 2015, our board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase program for up to   $500 million   that was completed in August 2016. During the first, second and third quarters of 2016, we purchased   2.8 million  ,   0.6 million   and   0.7 million   shares, respectively, for a total of   $200.0 million  ,   $50.0 million   and   $50.0 million  , respectively, in open market transactions. These transactions were recorded within   Treasury stock   in our consolidated balance sheet. Our repurchases under this program, including the   $200.0 million   of stock repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2015, totaled   $500.0 million  . 

Note 9. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

The following table presents reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the quarters and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

13 

Table of Contents        

Note 10. Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments 
    
  Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The estimated fair value of our financial instruments that are not measured at fair value, categorized based upon the fair value hierarchy, are as follows (in thousands):  

(1) Inputs based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access. Valuation of these items does not entail a significant amount of judgment. 
  (2) Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the liability, either directly or indirectly. For unsecured revolving credit facilities and unsecured term loans, fair value is determined utilizing the income valuation approach. This valuation model takes into account the contract terms of our debt such as the debt maturity and the interest rate on the debt. The valuation model also takes into account the creditworthiness of the Company. 
  (3) Inputs that are unobservable. The Company did not use any Level 3 inputs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  (4) Consists of cash and marketable securities with original maturities of less than   90   days. 
  (5) Consists of unsecured revolving credit facilities, senior notes, senior debentures and term loans. Does not include our capital lease obligations. 
    
  Other Financial Instruments 
    
  The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued interest and accrued expenses approximate fair value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

14 

     Table of Contents        

Assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the fair value hierarchy. The following table presents information about the Company s financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

(1) Inputs based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access. Valuation of these items does not entail a significant amount of judgment. 
  (2) Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. For foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and fuel swaps, fair value is derived using valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account the contract terms, such as maturity, as well as other inputs, such as foreign exchange rates and curves, fuel types, fuel curves and interest rate yield curves. Fair value for foreign currency collar options is determined by using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options  contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available public market data, such as foreign exchange curves, foreign exchange volatility levels and discount rates. All derivative instrument fair values take into account the creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company. 
  (3) Inputs that are unobservable. The Company did not use any Level 3 inputs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  (4) Consists of foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and fuel swaps. Please refer to the  Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  table for breakdown by instrument type. 
  (5) Consists of exchange-traded equity securities and mutual funds reported within   Other assets   in our consolidated balance sheets. 
  (6) Consists of foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and fuel swaps. Please refer to the  Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  table for breakdown by instrument type. 
    
  The reported fair values are based on a variety of factors and assumptions. Accordingly, the fair values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  , or that will be realized in the future, and do not include expenses that could be incurred in an actual sale or settlement. 
    
  We have master International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) agreements in place with our derivative instrument counterparties. These ISDA agreements provide for final close out netting with our counterparties for all positions in the case of default or termination of the ISDA agreement. We have determined that our ISDA agreements provide us with rights of setoff on the fair value of derivative instruments in a gain position and those in a loss position with the same counterparty. We have elected not to offset such derivative instrument fair values in our consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , no cash collateral was received or pledged under our ISDA agreements. See   Credit Related Contingent Features   for further discussion on contingent collateral requirements for our derivative instruments. 

15 

     Table of Contents        

The following table presents information about the Company s offsetting of financial assets under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties: 

The following table presents information about the Company s offsetting of financial liabilities under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties: 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 
    
  We monitor our credit risk associated with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business and, to minimize these risks, we select counterparties with credit risks acceptable to us and we seek to limit our exposure to an individual counterparty. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty nonperformance under derivative instruments, our credit facilities and new ship progress payment guarantees, is not considered significant, as we primarily conduct business with large, well-established financial institutions, insurance companies and export credit agencies many of which we have long-term relationships with and which have credit risks acceptable to us or where the credit risk is spread out among a large number of counterparties. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had counterparty credit risk exposure under our derivative instruments of approximately   $2.3 million  , which was limited to the cost of replacing the contracts in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the contracts, the majority of which are currently our lending banks. As of   December 31, 2015  , we had counterparty credit risk exposure under our derivative instruments of approximately   $4.8 million  , which was limited to the cost of replacing the contracts in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the contracts, the majority of which are currently our lending banks. We do not anticipate nonperformance by any of our significant counterparties. In addition, we have established guidelines we follow regarding credit ratings and instrument maturities to maintain safety and liquidity. We do not normally require collateral or other security to support credit relationships; however, in certain circumstances this option is available to us. 

16 

     Table of Contents        

Derivative Instruments 
    
  We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We manage these risks through a combination of our normal operating and financing activities and through the use of derivative financial instruments pursuant to our hedging practices and policies. The financial impact of these hedging instruments is primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the notional amount, term and conditions of the derivative instrument with the underlying risk being hedged. Although certain of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. We monitor our derivative positions using techniques including market valuations and sensitivity analyses. 
    
  We enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. These instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. We also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. 
    
  At inception of the hedge relationship, a derivative instrument that hedges the exposure to changes in the fair value of a firm commitment or a recognized asset or liability is designated as a fair value hedge. A derivative instrument that hedges a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows related to a recognized asset or liability is designated as a cash flow hedge. 
    
  Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are offset against changes in the fair value of the underlying hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments. Gains and losses on derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. The foreign currency transaction gain or loss of our non-derivative financial instruments and the changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as hedges of our net investment in foreign operations and investments are recognized as a component of   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   along with the associated foreign currency translation adjustment of the foreign operation. 
    
  On an ongoing basis, we assess whether derivatives used in hedging transactions are  highly effective  in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flow of hedged items. We use the long-haul method to assess hedge effectiveness using regression analysis for each hedge relationship under our interest rate, foreign currency and fuel hedging programs. We apply the same methodology on a consistent basis for assessing hedge effectiveness to all hedges within each hedging program (i.e. interest rate, foreign currency and fuel). We perform regression analyses over an observation period of up to   three   years, utilizing market data relevant to the hedge horizon of each hedge relationship. High effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship reflects a high degree of offset and correlation between the changes in the fair values of the derivative instrument and the hedged item. The determination of ineffectiveness is based on the amount of dollar offset between the change in fair value of the derivative instrument and the change in fair value of the hedged item at the end of the reporting period. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or hedge accounting is discontinued, any change in fair value of the derivative since the last date at which it was determined to be effective is recognized in earnings. In addition, the ineffective portion of our highly effective hedges is immediately recognized in earnings and reported in   Other income   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
    
  Cash flows from derivative instruments that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged items. In the event that hedge accounting is discontinued, cash flows subsequent to the date of discontinuance are classified within investing activities. Cash flows from derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments are classified as investing activities. 
    
  We consider the classification of the underlying hedged item s cash flows in determining the classification for the designated derivative instrument s cash flows. We classify derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of benchmark interest rate or hedges of fuel expense as operating activities due to the nature of the hedged item. Likewise, we classify derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of foreign currency risk on our newbuild ship payments as investing activities and derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of foreign currency risk on debt payments as financing activities.  
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our long-term debt obligations including future interest payments. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   41.4%   and   31.2%  , respectively, of our long-term debt was effectively fixed. We use interest rate swap agreements to modify our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. 

17 

     Table of Contents        

Market risk associated with our long-term fixed rate debt is the potential increase in fair value resulting from a decrease in interest rates. We use interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert a portion of our fixed-rate debt to a floating-rate basis to manage this risk. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we maintained interest rate swap agreements on the following fixed-rate debt instruments: 

These interest rate swap agreements are accounted for as fair value hedges. 
    
  Market risk associated with our long-term floating rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates. We use interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert a portion of our floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis to manage this risk. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we maintained interest rate swap agreements on the following floating-rate debt instruments: 

(1)    Interest rate swap agreements hedging the Euro-denominated term loan for   Harmony of the Seas   include EURIBOR zero-floors matching the hedged debt EURIBOR zero-floor. Amount presented is based on the exchange rate as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  These interest rate swap agreements are accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
    
  The notional amount of interest rate swap agreements related to outstanding debt and on our current unfunded financing arrangements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $4.2 billion   and   $4.3 billion  , respectively. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
    
  Derivative Instruments 
    
  Our primary exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk relates to our ship construction contracts denominated in Euros, our foreign currency denominated debt and our international business operations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts, collar options and cross currency swap agreements to manage portions of the exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate cost of our ships on firm order, not including the TUI Cruises' ships on order and those subject to conditions to effectiveness, was approximately   $5.3 billion  , of which we had deposited   $282.0 million   as of such date. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   56.1%   and   58.2%  , respectively, of the aggregate cost of the ships under construction was exposed to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rate. The majority of our foreign currency forward contracts, collar options and cross currency swap agreements are accounted for as cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges depending on the designation of the related hedge. 
    
  On a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts and, from time to time, we utilize cross-currency swap agreements to minimize the volatility resulting from the remeasurement of net monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than our functional currency or the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we maintained an average of approximately   $801.9 million   of these foreign currency forward contracts. These instruments are not designated as hedging instruments. Changes in the fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts resulted in a loss, of approximately   $2.5 million   and   $32.7 million   during the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, and approximately   $11.8 million   and   $49.6 million  , during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, that were recognized in earnings within   Other income   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

18 

     Table of Contents        

The notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts including our forward contracts as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $1.4 billion   and   $2.4 billion  , respectively. 
    
  Non-Derivative Instruments 
    
  We also address the exposure of our investments in foreign operations by denominating a portion of our debt in our subsidiaries  and investments  functional currencies and designating it as a hedge of these subsidiaries and investments. We had designated debt as a hedge of our net investments in TUI Cruises of approximately    290.0 million  , or approximately   $325.8 million  , as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Fuel Price Risk 
    
  Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates primarily to the consumption of fuel on our ships. We use fuel swap agreements to mitigate the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices. 
    
  Our fuel swap agreements are accounted for as cash flow hedges. At   September 30, 2016  , we have hedged the variability in future cash flows for certain forecasted fuel transactions occurring through   2020  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had the following outstanding fuel swap agreements: 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $196.2 million   and   $321.0 million  , respectively, of estimated unrealized net loss associated with our cash flow hedges pertaining to fuel swap agreements were expected to be reclassified to earnings from   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   within the next twelve months. Reclassification is expected to occur as the result of fuel consumption associated with our hedged forecasted fuel purchases. 

19 

     Table of Contents        

The fair value and line item caption of derivative instruments recorded within our consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

(1)     Accounting Standard Codification 815-20    Derivatives and Hedging.  
    
  The carrying value and line item caption of non-derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments recorded within our consolidated 
  balance sheets were as follows: 

20 

     Table of Contents        

The effect of derivative instruments qualifying and designated as hedging instruments and the related hedged items in fair value hedges on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) was as follows: 

The effect of derivative instruments qualifying and designated as cash flow hedging instruments on the consolidated financial statements was as follows: 

21 

     Table of Contents        

The effect of non-derivative instruments qualifying and designated as net investment hedging instruments on the consolidated financial statements was as follows: 

There was no amount recognized in income (ineffective portion and amount excluded from effectiveness testing) for the     quarters and nine months ended   September 30, 2016     and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  The effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments on the consolidated financial statements was as follows: 

Credit Related Contingent Features 
    
  Our current interest rate derivative instruments may require us to post collateral if our Standard   Poor s and Moody s credit ratings remain below specified levels. Specifically, if on the fifth anniversary of executing a derivative instrument, or on any succeeding fifth-year anniversary, our credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt were to be rated below   BBB-   by Standard   Poor s and   Baa3   by Moody s, then the counterparty may periodically demand that we post collateral in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the net market value of all derivative transactions with such counterparty that have reached their fifth year anniversary, to the extent negative, and (ii) the applicable minimum call amount. 
    
  The amount of collateral required to be posted following such event will change as, and to the extent, our net liability position increases or decreases by more than the applicable minimum call amount. If our credit rating for our senior unsecured debt is subsequently equal to or above BBB- by Standard   Poor s or Baa3 by Moody s, then any collateral posted at such time will be released to us and we will no longer be required to post collateral unless we meet the collateral trigger requirement at the next fifth-year anniversary. Currently, our senior unsecured debt credit rating is   BB+   with a stable outlook by Standard   Poor s and   Ba1   with a positive outlook by Moody s. We currently have   seven   interest rate derivative hedges that have a term of at least   five   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of these instruments had reached their fifth anniversary and, accordingly, we were not required to post any collateral as of such date. 
    
  During the next twelve months,   four   of our interest rate derivative hedges will reach their fifth anniversary, with the first such anniversary to occur on November 2016. If each of these four interest rate hedges had already reached its fifth anniversary as of   September 30, 2016  , our maximum collateral exposure would have been   $96.8 million  . Similarly, our maximum collateral exposure as of   December 31, 2015  , would have been   $14.6  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents        

million   if all hedges scheduled to reach their fifth anniversary date within one year had instead reached their fifth anniversary as of   December 31, 2015  .  

Note 11. Restructuring Charges 
    
  Pullmantur Right-sizing Strategy 
    
  Pullmantur's strategy over the last several years had focused both on its core cruise market in Spain and on expansion throughout Latin America, especially Brazil. However, due to significant and increased challenges facing Pullmantur's Latin American operations, in 2015, we decided to significantly change our strategy from growing the brand through vessel transfers to a right-sizing strategy. This right-sizing strategy included reducing our exposure to Latin America, refocusing on the brand s core market of Spain and, consequently, reducing the size of Pullmantur s fleet.  
    
  The right-sizing strategy activities included the closing of Pullmantur's regional head office in Brazil, the redeployment of Pullmantur s   Empress   to the Royal Caribbean International brand and personnel reorganization in Pullmantur's headquarters and CDF's office in France. The closure of the Brazil office and the personnel reorganization resulted in the recognition of a liability for one-time termination benefits during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We also incurred contract termination costs related to the closure of the Brazil office. 
    
  As a result of these actions, we incurred restructuring exit costs of   $0.3 million   and   $2.5 million   for the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, which are reported within   Restructuring charges   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  
    
  The following table summarizes our restructuring exit costs related to the above strategy (in thousands): 

In connection with this strategy, we incurred approximately   $3.6 million   of other costs during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, that primarily consisted of costs associated with the redeployment of Pullmantur's   Empress   to the Royal Caribbean International brand that were reported within   Cruise operating expenses,     Depreciation and amortization expenses   and   Marketing, selling and administrative expenses   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  
    
  In July 2016, we sold   51%   of our interest in RCHE, the parent company of the Pullmantur and CDF brands. In connection with the sale, we incurred approximately   $3.3 million   of other costs during the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   that were reported within   Cruise operating expenses   and   Marketing, selling and administrative expenses   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Refer to Note 1.   General   for further information regarding this sale transaction. 
    
  Other Restructuring Initiatives 
    
  During the second and third quarters of 2016, we moved forward with certain other initiatives, including the closing of an international office in Brazil related to the Royal Caribbean International brand and personnel reorganization in our corporate offices. These initiatives resulted in restructuring costs of   $1.5 million   and   $4.1 million   for the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. The restructuring costs are mainly due to the recognition of a liability for one-time termination benefits. Through the remainder of 2016, we may incur additional immaterial costs as it relates to the restructuring at our corporate and international offices. 

23 

     Table of Contents        

The following table summarizes our restructuring exit costs related to the above initiatives (in thousands): 

24 

Table of Contents        

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  The discussion under this caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere in this document includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance (including our expectations for the   fourth   quarter and full year of   2016   and our earnings and yield estimates for   2016   set forth under the heading "Outlook" below), business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking. Words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," "driving" and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. Furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of that report. 
    
  All forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this document.  Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

Overview 
    
  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations has been organized to present the following: 

a review of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business; 

a discussion of our results of operations for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  ; 

a discussion of our business outlook, including our expectations for selected financial items for the   fourth   quarter and full year of   2016  ; and 

a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, refer to Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Seasonality 
    
  Our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. Demand is strongest for cruises during the Northern Hemisphere s summer months and holidays. In order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the Northern Hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the Southern Hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the Caribbean, Asia and Australia during that period. 

Financial Presentation 
    
  Description of Certain Line Items 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Our revenues are comprised of the following: 

25 

     Table of Contents        

Passenger ticket revenues  , which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air     transportation to and from our ships; and 

Onboard and other revenues  , which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our     ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance and pre- and post-cruise tours.   Onboard and other revenues   also includes revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a     percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships as well as revenues received for our bareboat charter, procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates. 
       
  Cruise Operating Expenses 
    
  Our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following: 

Commissions, transportation and other expenses  , which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket     revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees; 

Onboard and other expenses  , which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including     the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates; 

Payroll and related expenses  , which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in   Marketing, selling and administrative expenses  ); 

Food expenses  , which include food costs for both guests and crew; 

Fuel expenses  , which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap     agreements; and 

Other operating expenses  , which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and /or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.  
       
  We do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience. 
    
  Selected Operational and Financial Metrics 
    
  We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. As discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
    
  Adjusted Earnings per Share   represents Adjusted Net Income divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. We believe that this non-GAAP measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. 
    
  Adjusted Net Income   represents net income excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. For the periods presented, these items included the impairment of the Pullmantur related assets, net loss related to the elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag, the net gain related to the sale of the Pullmantur and CDF brands and related costs, restructuring charges and other initiative costs related to our Pullmantur right-sizing strategy and other restructuring initiatives. 

26 

     Table of Contents        

Available Passenger Cruise Days   ( APCD ) is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. We use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary. 
    
  Gross Cruise Costs   represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses. 
    
  Gross Yields   represent total revenues per APCD. 
    
  Net Cruise Costs   and   Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel   represent Gross Cruise Costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the   Description of Certain Line Items   heading). In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. A reconciliation of historical Gross Cruise Costs to Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel is provided below under   Results of Operations  . We have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected Gross Cruise Costs to projected Net Cruise Costs and projected Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at these measures. Accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. Net Cruise Costs excludes the net gain related to the sale of the Pullmantur and CDF brands and related costs and initiative costs related to our Pullmantur right-sizing strategy and other restructuring initiatives. 
    
  Net Revenues   represent total revenues less commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses (each of which is described above under the   Description of Certain Line Items   heading).  
    
  Net Yields   represent Net Revenues per APCD. We utilize Net Revenues and Net Yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that it is the most relevant measure of our pricing performance because it reflects the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses. A reconciliation of historical Gross Yields to Net Yields is provided below under   Results of Operations  . We have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected Gross Yields to projected Net Yields due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at this measure. Accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. Net Yields excludes initiative costs related to the sale of the Pullmantur and CDF brands. 
    
  Occupancy  , in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing Passenger Cruise Days by APCD.  A percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. 
    
  Passenger Cruise Days   represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises. 
    
  We believe Net Yields, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel are our most relevant non-GAAP financial measures. However, a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. Because our reporting currency is the United States dollar, the value of these revenues and expenses can be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. Although such changes in local currency prices is just one of many elements impacting our revenues and expenses, it can be an important element. For this reason, we also monitor Net Yields, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel as if the current periods  currency exchange rates had remained constant with the comparable prior periods  rates, or on a  Constant Currency  basis. 
    
  It should be emphasized that Constant Currency is primarily used for comparing short-term changes and/or projections. Changes in guest sourcing and shifting the amount of purchases between currencies can change the impact of the purely currency-based fluctuations. 
    
  The use of certain significant non-GAAP measures, such as Net Yields, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard United States GAAP based financial measures. There are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-GAAP and Constant Currency measures, and as such, there exists the possibility that they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry. 

27 

Table of Contents        

Results of Operations 
    
  Summary 
    
  Our net income and Adjusted Net Income for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $693.3 million   and   $690.9 million  , or   $3.21   and   $3.20   per share on a diluted basis, respectively, as compared to net income and Adjusted Net Income of   $228.8 million   and   $628.1 million  , or   $1.03   and   $2.84   per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Our net income and Adjusted Net Income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $1.0 billion   and   $1.1 billion  , or   $4.72   and   $4.85   per share on a diluted basis, respectively, as compared to net income and Adjusted Net Income of   $459.0 million   and   $858.3 million  , or   $2.08   and   $3.88   per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Significant items for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   include: 

The effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions and cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar, resulted in a decrease to total revenues of   $58.8 million   and   $154.3 million   for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  , and a decrease to cruise operating expenses of   $10.2 million   and   $34.2 million   for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  ; 

Total revenues, excluding the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased   $99.5 million   and   $344.0 million   for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods in   2015  . The increases were primarily due to increases in capacity, which are further discussed below. 

Total Cruise operating expenses, excluding the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, decreased   $36.7 million   and increased   $0.4 million   for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  . The decrease during the quarter was primarily due to a decrease in fuel expense and the increase during the nine months was primarily due to the increase in capacity, which are further discussed below. 

Effective January 1, 2016, we eliminated RCHE's, the parent company of the Pullmantur and CDF brands, two-month reporting lag to be consistent with the fiscal calendar of the Company. As a result of this change, the results of RCHE for November and December 2015 are included in our statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The effect of this change was a decrease to net income of   $21.7 million   and this amount is reported within   Other income   in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 1.   Financial Statements   to our consolidated financial statements for further information on the elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag. 

In July 2016, we sold 51% of our interest in RCHE. We retained a 49% interest in these businesses as well as full ownership of the vessels and aircraft. As a result of the sale of a majority interest in these businesses, we recognized an immaterial gain and no longer consolidate these businesses in our consolidated financial statements effective August 2016. Refer to Note 1.   General   to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
       
  Other Items 

In April 2016, we took delivery of   Ovation of the Seas  . To finance the purchase, we borrowed   $841.8 million   under a previously committed   12-year   unsecured term loan, which is   95%   guaranteed by Hermes. Refer to Note 6.   Long-Term Debt   to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 

In May 2016, we took delivery of   Harmony of the Seas  . To finance the purchase, we borrowed    700.7 million  , or   $787.2 million   based on the exchange rate at September 30, 2016, and   $226.1 million   under previously committed unsecured term loans. Both of the facilities are   100%   guaranteed by COFACE. Refer to Note 6.   Long-Term Debt    to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 

In June 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell a ship to Thomson Cruises. The sale is scheduled to be completed in March 2017 in order to retain the future revenues to be generated for sailings through that date. We expect to recognize a gain on the sale, which we do not expect will have a material effect to our annual consolidated financial statements.  
     
   28 

     Table of Contents        

Operating results for the quarter and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   are shown in the following table (in thousands, except per share data): 

29 

     Table of Contents        

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share were calculated as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

(1)    Includes a net income tax benefit of   $12.0 million   related to the Pullmantur impairment. 
    
  Selected statistical information is shown in the following table: 

(1)    Does not include November and December 2015 amounts related to the elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents        

Gross Yields and Net Yields were calculated as follows (in thousands, except APCD and Yields): 

31 

     Table of Contents        

Gross Cruise Costs, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except APCD and costs per APCD):  

(1)    For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , amount does not include fuel expense of   $0.4 million   included within other initiative costs associated with the redeployment of Pullmantur s   Empress   to the Royal Caribbean International brand.  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents        

2016   Outlook 
    
  The company does not make predictions about fuel pricing, interest rates or currency exchange rates but does provide guidance about its future business activities. On   October 28, 2016  , we announced the following   fourth   quarter and full year   2016   guidance based on the then current fuel pricing, interest rates and currency exchange rates: 
    
  Full Year   2016    

Fourth   Quarter   2016 

Adjusted Earnings per Share estimates for the Full Year and Fourth Quarter of 2016 are presented in lieu of US GAAP earnings per share estimates due to uncertainty in projecting the amounts adjusted to arrive at this measure, such as uncertainty in the amount and timing of restructuring charges and other initiative costs that we will absorb in the remainder of 2016, the amount of which is expected to be immaterial. Refer to Note 11.   Restructuring Charges   in our consolidated financial statements under Item 1. Financial Statements for further information on our restructuring charges and other initiative costs and to the definition for Adjusted Earnings per Share herein. For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred restructuring charges and other initiative costs of   $1.5 million   and   $9.9 million  , respectively. 
    
  Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates affects the US dollar value of our earnings. Based on our highest net exposure for each quarter and the full year 2016, the top five foreign currencies are ranked below. For example, the Australian Dollar is the  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents        

most impactful currency in the first and fourth quarters of 2016. The first, second and third quarters of 2016 rankings are based on actual results. Rankings for the fourth quarter and full year are based on estimated net exposures. 

The currency abbreviations above are defined as follows: 
                   Currency Abbreviation 
      
    Currency 
      AUD 
      
    Australian Dollar 
      BRL 
      
    Brazilian Real 
      CAD 
      
    Canadian Dollar 
      CNH 
      
    Chinese Yuan 
      EUR 
      
    Euro 
      GBP 
      
    British Pound 
      MXN 
      
    Mexican Peso 

Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Quarter Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  In this section, references to   2016   refer to the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   and references to   2015   refer to the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Total revenues for   2016   increased   $40.6 million  , or   1.6%  , from   2015  . 
    
  Passenger ticket revenues   comprised   74.1%   of our   2016   total revenues. Passenger ticket revenues for   2016   increased by   $26.0 million  , or   1.4%  , from   2015  . The increase was primarily due to  
    
     a   3.2%   increase in capacity, which increased   passenger ticket revenues   by     $59.6 million  ; and 

an increase of   $18.8 million   in ticket prices primarily driven by   Harmony of the Seas   and   Ovation of the Seas,   as well as  higher pricing on Alaska and Caribbean sailings. 
       
  The increase was partially offset by an approximate   $52.4 million   unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. 
    
  The remaining   25.9%   of   2016   total revenues was comprised of   onboard and other revenues  , which increased   $14.6 million  , or   2.3%  , to   $663.8 million   in   2016   from   $649.2 million   in   2015  . The increase in   onboard and other revenues   was primarily due to:  

a   $19.9 million   increase attributable to the   3.2%   increase in capacity noted above; and 

an   $8.9 million   increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage and gaming initiatives, the promotion of specialty restaurants and the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services partially offset by a decrease in port activities revenue mainly due to itinerary changes. 
       
  The increase was partially offset by: 

34 

     Table of Contents        

a   $7.8 million   decrease in other revenues primarily due to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015, which is mostly offset by the related decrease in travel agency expenses discussed below; and 

an approximate   $6.4 million   unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. 
       
  Onboard and other revenues   included concession revenues of   $86.6 million   in   2016   and   $98.9 million   in   2015  . 
    
  Cruise Operating Expenses 
    
  Total cruise operating expenses for 2016 decreased   $46.9 million  , or   3.4%  , from   2015  . The decrease was primarily due to: 

a   $27.5 million   decrease in fuel expense, excluding the impact of the increase in capacity. Our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2016 decreased   11.3%   per metric ton compared to 2015; 

a   $10.5 million   decrease in payroll and related expenses primarily due to changes in our payroll structure; 

an approximate   $10.2 million   favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar; 

an   $8.6 million   decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to lower contractual costs incurred and the decrease in port activities revenue discussed above; 

a   $7.1 million   decrease in other expenses primarily related to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015, which mostly offsets the related decrease in travel agency revenues discussed above  ; 

a   $5.8 million   decrease in vessel and hotel maintenance primarily due to the timing of scheduled drydocks; and 

a   $5.8 million   decrease in air expense primarily due to the decrease in air transportation sales and lower costs. 
       
  The decrease was partially offset by a   $43.6 million   increase attributable to the   3.2%   increase in capacity noted above.  
    
  Marketing, Selling and Administrative Expenses 
    
  Marketing, selling and administrative expenses   for   2016   remained consistent compared to 2015. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expenses   for   2016   increased   $18.6 million  , or   8.8%  , to   $229.3 million   from   $210.7 million   in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to the addition of   Ovation of the Seas   and   Harmony of the Seas   into our fleet, and to a lesser extent, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects. 
    
  Impairment of Pullmantur related assets 
    
  During 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of   $411.3 million   to write down Pullmantur's goodwill to its implied fair value and to write down trademarks and trade names and certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft owned and operated by Pullmantur Air and two ships owned and operated by Pullmantur, to their fair value. 
    
  Restructuring Charges 
    
  We incurred restructuring charges of   $1.9 million   during   2016  . Refer to Note 11.   Restructuring Charges   to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.  

35 

     Table of Contents        

Other Income  
    
  Interest expense, net of interest capitalized   for   2016     increased   $15.8 million  , or   23.6%  , to   $82.6 million   from   $66.8 million   in   2015  . The increase was due to a higher average debt level attributable to the financing of   Ovation of the Seas   and   Harmony of the Seas   and higher interest rates in 2016 compared to 2015. 
    
  Other income   in   2016   was   $34.4 million   compared to   $35.9 million   in   2015  . The decrease in income of   $1.4 million   was primarily due to a $12.0 million deferred tax benefit recognized in 2015 due to the impairment of Pullmantur related assets discussed above. The decrease was partially offset by income of   $46.5 million   from our equity method investments in 2016 compared to income of   $38.4 million   in 2015. 
    
  Net Yields 
    
  Net Yields remained consistent compared to   2015  . Net Yields increased   2.9%   in   2016   compared to   2015   on a Constant Currency basis primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above.  
    
  Net Cruise Costs 
    
  Net Cruise Costs decreased   1.1%   in 2016 compared to   2015   and Net Cruise Costs per APCD decreased   4.2%   in 2016 compared to   2015   primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses discussed above. Net Cruise Costs per APCD on a Constant Currency basis decreased   3.9%   in   2016   compared to   2015  .  
    
  Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel 
    
  Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel per APCD decreased   2.0%   in 2016 compared to 2015 and decreased   1.6%   in 2016 compared to 2015 on a Constant Currency basis.  
    
  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  Other comprehensive income   in 2016 was   $94.5 million   compared to   Other comprehensive loss   of   $223.4 million   in 2015. The change of   $317.9 million   was primarily due to the   Gain on cash flow derivative hedges   in 2016 of   $95.5 million   compared to the   Loss on cash flow derivative hedges   of     $222.5 million   in 2015.  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015     
    
  In this section, references to   2016   refer to the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and references to   2015   refer to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Revenues  
    
  Total revenues for   2016   increased   $189.8 million  , or   3.0%  , to   $6.6 billion   from   $6.4 billion   in   2015  . 
    
  Passenger ticket revenues   comprised   72.8%   of our   2016   total revenues. Passenger ticket revenues for   2016   increased by   $106.5 million  , or   2.3%  , from   2015  . The increase was primarily due to: 

a   4.5%   increase in capacity, which increased   passenger ticket revenues by   $209.4 million  ; and 

an increase of   $37.3 million   in ticket prices primarily driven by   Harmony of the Seas, Ovation of the Seas   and, to a lesser extent,   Anthem of the Seas,   as well as higher pricing on Alaska and Caribbean sailings. The increase in ticket prices was partially offset by lower pricing on Mediterranean and Asia sailings. 
       
  The increase was partially offset by an approximate   $140.3 million   unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. 
    
  The remaining   27.2%   of   2016   total revenues was comprised of   onboard and other revenues  , which increased   $83.3 million  , or   4.9%  , in   2016   from   2015  . The increase in   onboard and other revenues   was primarily due to: 

a   $73.6 million   increase attributable to the   4.5%   increase in capacity noted above; and 
     
   36 

     Table of Contents        

a   $58.7 million   increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage and gaming initiatives, the promotion of specialty restaurants and the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services partially offset by a decrease in port activities revenue mainly due to itinerary changes. 
       
  The increase was partially offset by: 

a   $34.0 million   decrease in other revenues primarily related to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015, which is mostly offset by the related decrease in travel agency expenses discussed below; and  

an approximate   $14.0 million   unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the US dollar. 
       
  Onboard and other revenues   included concession revenues of   $240.8 million   in   2016   and   $245.4 million   in   2015  . 
    
  Cruise Operating Expenses 
    
  Total cruise operating expenses decreased   $33.8 million  , or   0.9%  . The decrease was primarily due to:  

a   $102.5 million   decrease in fuel expense, excluding the impact of the increase in capacity. Our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for   2016   decreased   12.6%   per metric ton compared to   2015  ; 

an approximate   $34.2 million   favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar; 

a   $26.2 million   decrease in other expenses primarily related to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015, which mostly offsets the related decrease in travel agency revenues discussed above;  

a   $17.2 million   decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to lower contractual costs incurred and the decrease in port activities revenue discussed above; and 

a   $14.8 million   decrease in air expense primarily due to the decrease in air transportation sales and lower costs. 
       
  The decrease was mostly offset by a   $173.0 million   increase attributable to the   4.5%   increase in capacity noted above. 
    
  Marketing, Selling and Administrative Expenses 
    
  Marketing, selling and administrative expenses   increased   $28.8 million  , or   3.5%  , to   $845.8 million   from   $817.0 million   in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll and benefits primarily due to an increase in headcount and merit increases, an increase in advertising spending mainly relating to our initiatives in the North American market and an increase in other initiative costs associated with our restructuring activities. Refer to Note.11   Restructuring Charges   to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.  
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expenses   for   2016   increased   $44.0 million  , or   7.1%  , to   $661.7 million   from   $617.7 million   in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to the addition of   Ovation of the Seas and Harmony of the Seas   in the second quarter of 2016 into our fleet and the addition of   Anthem of the Seas   in the second quarter of 2015 and, to a lesser extent, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects.  
    
  Impairment of Pullmantur related assets 
    
  During 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of   $411.3 million   to write down Pullmantur's goodwill to its implied fair value and to write down trademarks and trade names and certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft owned and operated by Pullmantur Air and two ships owned and operated by Pullmantur, to their fair value. 
    
  Restructuring Charges 

37 

     Table of Contents        

We incurred restructuring charges of   $6.6 million   in   2016  . Refer to Note 11.   Restructuring Charges   to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.  
    
  Other Income 
    
  Interest expense, net of interest capitalized,   for   2016     increased   $13.2 million  , or   6.2%  , to   $226.8 million   from   $213.6 million   in   2015  . The increase was due to a higher average debt level attributable to the financing of   Ovation of the Seas   and   Harmony of the Seas  , partially offset by lower pricing on debt refinanced in   2015  . 
    
  Other income   in   2016   was   $53.9 million   compared to   $39.4 million   in   2015  . The increase in income of   $14.5 million   was primarily due to income of   $94.8 million   from our equity method investments in   2016   compared to income of   $62.2 million   in   2015  . The increase in other income was partially offset by the net loss of   $21.7 million   related to the elimination of the Pullmantur reporting lag. 
    
  Net Yields 
    
  Net Yields increased   0.9%   in   2016   compared to   2015   primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above. Net Yields increased   3.4%   in   2016   compared to   2015   on a Constant Currency basis. 
    
  Net Cruise Costs 
    
  Net Cruise Costs increased   2.2%   in   2016   compared to   2015   primarily due to the increase in capacity, partially offset by the decrease in fuel, which are further discussed above. Net Cruise Costs per APCD decreased   2.2%   in   2016   compared to   2015   primarily due to the decrease in fuel.  Net Cruise Costs per APCD on a Constant Currency basis decreased   1.7%   in   2016   compared to   2015  .  
    
  Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel 
    
  Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel per APCD increased   1.1%   in   2016   compared to   2015   and increased   1.7%   in   2016   compared to   2015   on a Constant Currency basis. 
    
  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  Other comprehensive income   in 2016 was   $250.9 million     compared to   Other comprehensive loss   of   $299.4 million   in 2015. The change of   $550.3 million   was primarily due to a   Gain on cash flow derivative hedges   in 2016 of   $254.6 million   compared to a   Loss on cash flow derivative hedges   of   $281.0 million   in 2015.  

38 

Table of Contents        

Future Application of Accounting Standards 
    
  Refer to Note 2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   to our consolidated financial statements for further information on   Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
    
  Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity.   Net cash provided by operating activities   increased   $0.4 billion   to   $2.0 billion   for the first nine months in   2016   compared to   $1.6 billion   for the same period in   2015  . The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits and a decrease in fuel costs during the first nine months in   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . Additionally, dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates increased by   $66.0 million  .  
  Net cash used in investing activities   increased   $1.0 billion   to   $2.5 billion   for the first nine months in   2016   compared to   $1.5 billion   for the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of   $953.2 million   for the first nine months in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the deliveries of   Ovation of the Seas   and   Harmony of the Seas   in 2016. Additionally, cash received on loans to our unconsolidated affiliates decreased   $100.2 million   during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  
  Net cash provided by financing activities   was   $0.6 billion   for the first nine months in   2016   compared to   net cash used in financing activities   of   $0.2 billion   for the same period in   2015  . The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to an increase in debt proceeds of   $3.1 billion   during the first nine months of 2016, partially offset by an increase in repayment of debt of   $1.9 billion  , stock repurchases of   $0.3 billion   that did not occur during the same period in 2015 and an increase in dividends paid of   $45.8 million   during the first nine months of 2016. The increase in debt proceeds was primarily due to the $841.8 million unsecured term loan borrowed in April 2016 to finance   Ovation of the Sea  s, the    700.7 million   and $226.1 million unsecured term loans borrowed in May 2016 to finance   Harmony of the Seas  , the $200.0 million unsecured term loan borrowed in April 2016 and higher drawings on our revolving credit facilities during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the $742.1 million unsecured term loan borrowed in April 2015 to finance   Anthem of the Seas.   The increase in repayment of debt was primarily due to higher payments on our revolving credit facilities.  
  
   39 

Table of Contents        

Future Capital Commitments 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our brands, including our 50% joint venture, TUI Cruises, had eight ships on firm order. The expected dates that these ships will enter service and their approximate berths are as follows: 

In September 2016, we signed conditional agreements with STX France to build a fifth Oasis-class ship expected to be delivered in the second quarter of 2021, and a third and fourth "Project Edge" ship expected to be delivered in the fourth quarter of each of 2021 and 2022. These agreements are contingent upon completion of conditions precedent, including financing.  
    
  Additionally, in October 2016, we signed a memorandum of understanding with Meyer Turku to build two ships of a new generation of ships for Royal Caribbean International, known as "Project Icon", which are expected to enter service in the second quarters of 2022 and 2024, respectively. While the design is still being finalized, each ship will likely accommodate approximately 5,000 guests. These orders are contingent upon completion of conditions precedent, including documentation and financing. 
    
  Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate cost of our ships on firm order, not including the TUI Cruises' ships on order and those subject to conditions to effectiveness, was approximately   $5.3 billion  , of which we had deposited   $282.0 million   as of such date. Approximately   56.1%   of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 10.   Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments   to our consolidated financial statements under Item 1.   Financial Statements   for further information.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, excluding the above mentioned ship orders subject to conditions to effectiveness and TUI Cruises' ships on order, will be approximately   $2.4 billion   for   2016  ,   $0.5 billion   for   2017  ,   $2.6 billion   for   2018  ,   $1.5 billion   for   2019   and   $2.0 billion   for   2020  . 

40 

     Table of Contents        

Contractual Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our contractual obligations were as follows (in thousands): 

(1)    
    We are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for offices, warehouses and motor vehicles. Amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year. 
              (2)     
    Long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2028 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. Interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements using the applicable rate at   September 30, 2016  . Debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  . 
              (3) 
    Amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of  certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts. 
              (4) 
    Amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion. In addition, amounts do not include the conditional agreements with STX France for the fifth Oasis-class ship and the third and fourth "Project Edge" ships and the conditional orders with Meyer Turku for the   two   "Project Icon" ships. 
              (5) 
    Amounts represent debt obligations with initial terms in excess of one year. 
              (6) 
    Amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year. 
              (7) 
    Amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities. 
       
  As a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We and TUI AG have each guaranteed repayment of 50% of a bank loan provided to TUI Cruises which is due 2022. Notwithstanding this, the lenders have agreed to release each shareholder s guarantee in 2018. As of   September 30, 2016  ,    121.6 million  , or approximately   $136.6 million   based on the exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  , remains outstanding. Based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under this guarantee are probable. 
    
  TUI Cruises has entered into various  ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and TUI AG s ability to reduce our current ownership interest in TUI Cruises below   37.55%   through 2021. 
    
  In July 2016, we executed an agreement with Miami Dade County ( MDC ), which was simultaneously assigned to Sumitomo Banking Corporation ( SMBC ), to lease land from MDC and construct a new cruise terminal at PortMiami in Miami, Florida. The terminal is expected to be approximately   170,000   square feet and will serve as a homeport. During the construction period, SMBC will fund the costs of the terminal s construction and land lease. Upon completion of the terminal's construction, we will  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents        

operate and lease the terminal from SMBC for a   five  -year term. We determined that the lease arrangement between SMBC and us should be accounted for as an operating lease upon completion of the terminal.  
  Some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. These contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business.  There are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. We have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position. 

Funding Needs and Sources 
    
  We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $1.6 billion   in contractual obligations due through   September 30, 2017  , of which approximately   $1.1 billion   relates to debt maturities,   $284.6 million   relates to interest on long-term debt and   $37.9 million   relates to progress payments on our ship purchases. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had on firm order two Quantum-class ships and one Oasis-class ship for our Royal Caribbean International brand and our first two "Project Edge" ships for our Celebrity brand, each of which has committed unsecured bank financing arrangements which include sovereign financing guarantees. Refer to Note 7.   Commitments and Contingencies   to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
    
  We had a working capital deficit of   $3.7 billion   and   $3.5 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Included within our working capital deficit is   $1.3 billion   and   $899.5 million   of current portion of long-term debt, including capital leases, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Similar to others in our industry, we operate with a substantial working capital deficit. This deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of our passenger ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. These advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date. The cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other sources, such as our revolving credit facilities and other cash from operations. The cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities, invest in long term investments or any other use of cash. In addition, we have a relatively low-level of accounts receivable and rapid turnover results in a limited investment in inventories. We generate substantial cash flows from operations and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. We expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had liquidity of   $1.1 billion  , consisting of approximately   $178.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents and   $898.0 million   available under our unsecured credit facilities.  
    
  We anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements, as described above, will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period.  
    
  In October 2015, our board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase program for up to   $500 million   that was completed in August 2016. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we purchased a total of $300.0 million of our common stock through open market transactions. Our repurchases under this program, including the $200.0 million of stock repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2015, totaled $500.0 million. 
    
  If any person acquires ownership of more than   50%   of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any   24  -month period, a majority of the Board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the Board on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. Our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents        

acquisition of greater than   50%   of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations. 
    
  Debt Covenants 
    
  Certain of our financing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain minimum net worth of at least   $7.1 billion  , a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than   62.5%  .  The fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. Our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   on   Total shareholders  equity  . We were well in excess of all debt covenant requirements as of   September 30, 2016  . The specific covenants and related definitions can be found in the applicable debt agreements, the majority of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents        

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  For a discussion of our market risks, refer to Part II, Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no significant developments or material changes since the date of our Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon such evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that those controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
    
  Readers are cautioned that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 
  
   44 

Table of Contents        

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    
  There were no material developments to the pending legal proceedings reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. Refer to Note 7.   Commitments and Contingencies   to our consolidated financial statements for a description of currently pending legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  The risk factors that affect our business and financial results are discussed in  Item 1A.   Risk Factors    in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and there has been no material change to these risk factors since previously disclosed. We wish to caution the reader that the risk factors discussed in  Item 1A.   Risk Factors    in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, and those described elsewhere in this report or other SEC filings, could cause future results to differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statements.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Share Repurchases 
    
         The following table presents the total number of shares of our common stock that we repurchased during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1)   In October 2015, our board of directors authorized a common stock repurchase program for up to $500 million that was completed in August 2016. For further information on our stock repurchase transactions, please refer to Note 8.   Shareholders' Equity   to our consolidated financial statements. 

45 

Table of Contents        

Item 6. Exhibits 

* 
      
    Filed herewith 
      ** 
      
    Furnished herewith 

Interactive Data File 
    
  101                              The following financial statements of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  ,   formatted in XBRL are filed herewith: 
    
  (i)                           the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the quarter and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  ; 

(iii)                    the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  ; and 
    
  (iv)                       the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and detail. 

46 

Table of Contents        

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 

(Registrant) 

/s/ JASON T. LIBERTY 

Jason T. Liberty 

Chief Financial Officer 
      October 28, 2016 
      
    (Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized signatory) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rcl-9302016xexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Richard D. Fain, certify that: 
    
  1.                        I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.; 
    
  2.                        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                        The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ 
    RICHARD D. FAIN 

Richard D. Fain 

Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rcl-9302016xexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Jason T. Liberty, certify that: 
    
  1.                        I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.; 
    
  2.                       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                        The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: October 28, 2016 

/s/ 
    JASON T. LIBERTY 

Jason T. Liberty 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rcl-9302016xexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Richard D. Fain, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jason T. Liberty, Chief Financial Officer, each hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
    
  1.                          the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
    
  2.                         the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 

Date: October 28, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ 
    RICHARD D. FAIN 

Richard D. Fain 

Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
    /s/ 
    JASON T. LIBERTY 

Jason T. Liberty 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 rcl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rcl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rcl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rcl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rcl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rcl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

