<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1049521_0001049521-16-000107_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4140162</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84459</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>273493</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1146365</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1821890</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>745036</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001049521-16-000107.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001049521-16-000107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERCURY SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001049521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		IRS NUMBER:				042741391
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23599
		FILM NUMBER:		161972005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 RIVERNECK ROAD
		CITY:			CHELMSFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01824
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9782561300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 RIVERNECK ROAD
		CITY:			CHELMSFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERCURY COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001049521-16-000107.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 mrcy9302016-10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    
  ________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________________________________________________ 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  OR 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                      TO                      
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-23599 
  ________________________________________________________________ 
  MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ________________________________________________________________ 
    
                   MASSACHUSETTS 
      
    04-2741391 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

201 RIVERNECK ROAD 
  CHELMSFORD, MA 
      
    01824 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

978-256-1300 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
     ________________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Shares of Common Stock outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  :   41,014,934   shares 

MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  INDEX 

PAGE 
  NUMBER 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    16 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    24 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    24 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    25 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    25 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    25 

Signatures  
    26 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 

MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 
   
           A. 
    Description of Business 
     Mercury Systems, Inc. (the  Company  or  Mercury ) is a leading commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the U.S.A. Optimized for customer and mission success, its solutions power a wide variety of critical defense and intelligence programs. Headquartered in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, it is pioneering a next-generation defense electronics business model specifically designed to meet the industry's current and emerging technology and business needs. The Company delivers affordable innovative solutions, rapid time-to-value and service and support to its defense prime contractor customers. The Company's products and solutions have been deployed in more than   300   programs with over   25   different defense prime contractors. Key programs include Aegis, Patriot, Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program ("SEWIP"), Gorgon Stare, Predator, F-35, Reaper and Digital Electronic Warfare System ("DEWS"). The Company's organizational structure allows it to deliver capabilities that combine technology building blocks and deep domain expertise in the defense sector. 
   
           B. 
     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     B  ASIS     OF   P  RESENTATION 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to the Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Certain information and footnote disclosures, normally included in annual consolidated financial statements have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations; however, in the opinion of management the financial information reflects all adjustments, consisting of adjustments of a normal recurring nature, necessary for fair presentation. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 which are contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on August 16, 2016. The results for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  U  SE     OF   E  STIMATES 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  R  ECLASSIFICATION 
  The Company has restated the income tax provision amount for the three months ended September 30, 2015 for the adoption of FASB Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows have been updated to reflect this change.  
  The Company included costs related to the sustainment of its product portfolio as research and development expense, which was previously included as costs of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. For comparative purposes, for the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company has reclassified   $773   from costs of revenues to research and development expense.  
  B  USINESS   C  OMBINATIONS 
  The Company utilizes the acquisition method of accounting under FASB ASC 805,   Business Combinations  , ( FASB ASC 805 ), for all transactions and events which it obtains control over one or more other businesses, to recognize the fair value of all assets and liabilities acquired, even if less than one hundred percent ownership is acquired, and in establishing the acquisition date fair value as the measurement date for all assets and liabilities assumed. The Company also utilizes FASB ASC 805 for the initial recognition and measurement, subsequent measurement and accounting, and disclosure of assets and liabilities arising from contingencies in business combinations. 

6 

R  EVENUE   R  ECOGNITION 
  The Company relies upon FASB ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition,   to account for its revenue transactions. Revenue is recognized upon shipment provided that title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the sales price is fixed or determinable, collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured, and customer acceptance criteria, if any, have been successfully demonstrated. Out-of-pocket expenses that are reimbursable by the customer are included in revenue and cost of revenue. 
  Certain contracts with customers require the Company to perform tests of its products prior to shipment to ensure their performance complies with the Company s published product specifications and, on occasion, with additional customer-requested specifications. In these cases, the Company conducts such tests and, if they are completed successfully, includes a written confirmation with each order shipped. As a result, at the time of each product shipment, the Company believes that no further customer testing requirements exist and that there is no uncertainty of acceptance by its customer. 
  The Company uses FASB ASU No. 2009-13 ( FASB ASU 2009-13 ),   Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements  . FASB ASU 2009-13 establishes a selling price hierarchy for determining the selling price of a deliverable, which includes: (1) vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) if available; (2) third-party evidence ( TPE ) if VSOE is not available; and (3) best estimated selling price ( BESP ), if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. Additionally, FASB ASU 2009-13 expands the disclosure requirements related to a vendor s multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements.  
  The Company enters into multiple-deliverable arrangements that may include a combination of hardware components, related integration or other services. These arrangements generally do not include any performance-, cancellation-, termination- or refund-type provisions. Total revenue recognized under multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements was   35%    and   48%   of total revenues in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 2015, respectively.  
  In accordance with the provisions of FASB ASU 2009-13, the Company allocates arrangement consideration to each deliverable in an arrangement based on its relative selling price. The Company generally expects that it will not be able to establish VSOE or TPE due to limited single element transactions and the nature of the markets in which the Company competes, and, as such, the Company typically determines its relative selling price using BESP. The objective of BESP is to determine the price at which the Company would transact if the product or service were sold by the Company on a standalone basis.  
  The Company's determination of BESP involves the consideration of several factors based on the specific facts and circumstances of each arrangement. Specifically, the Company considers the cost to produce the deliverable, the anticipated margin on that deliverable, the selling price and profit margin for similar parts, the Company s ongoing pricing strategy and policies (as evident from the price list established and updated by management on a regular basis), the value of any enhancements that have been built into the deliverable and the characteristics of the varying markets in which the deliverable is sold. 
  The Company analyzes the selling prices used in its allocation of arrangement consideration at a minimum on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed on a more frequent basis if a significant change in the Company s business necessitates a more timely analysis or if the Company experiences significant variances in its selling prices. 
  Each deliverable within the Company s multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements is accounted for as a separate unit of accounting under the guidance of FASB ASU 2009-13 if both of the following criteria are met: the delivered item or items have value to the customer on a standalone basis; and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in the control of the Company. The Company's revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. The Company considers a deliverable to have standalone value if the item is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or if the item could be resold by the customer. 
  Deliverables not meeting the criteria for being a separate unit of accounting are combined with a deliverable that does meet that criterion. The appropriate allocation of arrangement consideration and recognition of revenue is then determined for the combined unit of accounting.  
  The Company also engages in long-term contracts for development, production and services activities which it accounts for consistent with FASB ASC 605-35,   Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts  , and other relevant revenue recognition accounting literature. The Company considers the nature of these contracts and the types of products and services provided when determining the proper accounting for a particular contract. Generally for fixed-price contracts, other than service-type contracts, revenue is recognized primarily under the percentage of completion method or, for certain short-term contracts, by the completed contract method. Revenue from service-type fixed-price contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period or by other appropriate input or output methods to measure service provided, and contract costs are expensed as incurred. The Company establishes billing terms at the time project deliverables and milestones are agreed. The risk to the Company on a fixed-price contract is that if estimates to complete the contract change from one period to the next, profit levels will vary from period to period. For time and materials contracts, revenue reflects the number of direct labor hours  
  
   7 

expended in the performance of a contract multiplied by the contract billing rate, as well as reimbursement of other billable direct costs. For all types of contracts, the Company recognizes anticipated contract losses as soon as they become known and estimable.  
  The Company also considers whether contracts should be combined or segmented in accordance with the applicable criteria under GAAP. The Company combines closely related contracts when all the applicable criteria under GAAP are met. The combination of two or more contracts requires judgment in determining whether the intent of entering into the contracts was effectively to enter into a single project, which should be combined to reflect an overall profit rate. Similarly, the Company may separate a project, which may consist of a single contract or group of contracts, with varying rates of profitability, only if the applicable criteria under GAAP are met. Judgment also is involved in determining whether a single contract or group of contracts may be segmented based on how the arrangement was negotiated and the performance criteria. The decision to combine a group of contracts or segment a contract could change the amount of revenue and gross profit recorded in a given period. 
  The use of contract accounting requires significant judgment relative to estimating total contract revenues and costs, including assumptions relative to the length of time to complete the contract, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, anticipated increases in wages and prices for subcontractor services and materials, and the availability of subcontractor services and materials. The Company s estimates are based upon the professional knowledge and experience of its engineers, program managers and other personnel, who review each long-term contract monthly to assess the contract s schedule, performance, technical matters and estimated cost at completion. Changes in estimates are applied retrospectively and when adjustments in estimated contract costs are identified, such revisions may result in current period adjustments to earnings applicable to performance in prior periods. 
  Contract costs also may include estimated contract recoveries for matters such as contract changes and claims for unanticipated contract costs.  The Company records revenue associated with these matters only when the amount of recovery can be estimated reliably and realization is probable.  
  The Company defines service revenues as revenue from activities that are not associated with the design, development, production, or delivery of tangible assets, software or specific capabilities sold. Examples of the Company's service revenues include: analyst services and systems engineering support, consulting, maintenance and other support, testing and installation. The Company combines its product and service revenues into a single class as service revenues are less than 10 percent of total revenues. 
  The Company does not provide its customers with rights of product return, other than those related to warranty provisions that permit repair or replacement of defective goods. The Company accrues for anticipated warranty costs upon product shipment. Revenues from product royalties are recognized upon invoice by the Company. Additionally, all revenues are reported net of government assessed taxes (e.g., sales taxes or value-added taxes). 
  W  EIGHTED  -A  VERAGE   S  HARES 
  Weighted-average shares were calculated as follows: 

Equity instruments to purchase   22   and   356   shares of common stock were not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings per share for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 2015, respectively, because the equity instruments were anti-dilutive. 
  September 30, 2016   basic shares outstanding include the impact of   5,175   shares from the underwritten common stock public offering on April 4, 2016. 
   
  C.  Acquisitions 
  C  ARVE-  O  UT   B  USINESS   A  QUISITION 
  On March 23, 2016, the Company and Microsemi Corporation ( Microsemi ) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which, Microsemi agreed to sell all the membership interests in its custom microelectronics, RF and microwave solutions and embedded security operations (the "Carve-Out Business ) to the Company for   $300,000   in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to a working capital adjustment. On May 2, 2016, the transaction closed and the Company acquired the Carve-Out Business. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, all outstanding Carve-Out Business employee stock awards  
  
   8 

that were unvested at the closing were replaced by Mercury. The replacement stock awards granted were determined based on a conversion ratio provided in the Stock Purchase Agreement. Mercury funded the acquisition with a combination of a new   $200,000   bank term loan facility (see Note I) and cash on hand, which included net proceeds of approximately   $92,788   raised from an underwritten common stock public offering.  
  The following table presents the net purchase price and the preliminary fair values of the assets and liabilities of the Carve-Out Business: 

The amounts above represent the preliminary fair value estimates as of   September 30, 2016   and are subject to subsequent adjustment as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period and finalizes its fair value estimates. The preliminary identifiable intangible asset estimates include customer relationships of   $70,900  , completed technology of   $29,700   and backlog of   $2,200  . Any subsequent adjustments to these fair value estimates occurring during the measurement period will result in an adjustment to goodwill.  
  The goodwill of   $170,741   largely reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company's offerings across product lines and markets complementary to the Company's existing products and markets. The Carve-Out Business provides the Company with additional capability and expertise related to embedded security custom microelectronics, and microwave and radio frequency technology. The acquisition is directly aligned with the Company's strategy of expanding its capabilities, services and offerings along the sensor processing chain. The goodwill from this acquisition is reported under the Carve-Out Business reporting unit. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $29,266   of goodwill deductible for tax purposes. 
  The revenues and net loss from the Carve-Out Business included in the Company's consolidated results for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $24,311   and   $(2,419)  , respectively. 
  Pro Forma Financial Information 
  The following tables summarize the supplemental statements of operations information on an unaudited pro forma basis as if the Carve-Out Business acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2015: 

9 

The unaudited pro forma results presented above are for illustrative purposes only for the applicable periods and do not purport to be indicative of the actual results which would have occurred had the transaction been completed as of the beginning of the period, nor are they indicative of results of operations which may occur in the future. 
  L  EWIS   I  NNOVATIVE   T  ECHNOLOGIES   A  CQUISITION 
  On December 16, 2015, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement ) with Lewis Innovative Technologies, Inc. ( LIT ) and the holders of the equity interests of LIT. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company completed its purchase of all of the equity interests in LIT, and LIT became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Based in Decatur, Alabama, LIT provides advanced security technology and development services necessary for  protecting systems critical to national security while meeting strict Department of Defense ( DoD ) program protection requirements. 
  The Company acquired LIT for a cash purchase price of   $9,756  . The Company funded the purchase with cash on hand. The purchase price was subject to a post-closing adjustment based on a determination of LIT's closing net working capital. In accordance with the Share Purchase Agreement,   $1,000   of the purchase price was placed into escrow to support the post-closing working capital adjustment and the sellers' indemnification obligations. The escrow is available for indemnification claims through June 16, 2017. The Company acquired LIT free of debt. 
  The preliminary fair value estimates of LIT's assets and liabilities have not changed since June 30, 2016. The fair value estimates are subject to subsequent adjustment as the Company obtains additional information until the measurement period ends on December 15, 2016.  
   
           D. 
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
     The following table summarizes the Company s financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016  :    

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, including money market funds, restricted cash, accounts receivable and payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities. The fair value of the Company s certificates of deposit are determined through quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable. The Company determined the face value of its long-term debt approximates fair value at   September 30, 2016   due to the recent issuance and stability of interest rates during this period. The cost-method investment, which is presented within other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, does not have a readily determinable fair value, as such the Company recorded the investment at cost and will continue to evaluate the asset for impairment on a quarterly basis. 
   
           E. 
     Inventory 
     Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market value, and consists of materials, labor and overhead. On a quarterly basis, the Company uses consistent methodologies to evaluate inventory for net realizable value. Once an item is written down, the value becomes the new inventory cost basis. The Company reduces the value of inventory for excess and obsolete inventory, consisting of on-hand inventory in excess of estimated usage. The excess and obsolete inventory evaluation is based upon assumptions about future demand, history, product mix and possible alternative uses. Inventory was comprised of the following: 

There are   no   amounts in inventory relating to contracts having production cycles longer than one year. 
  
   10 

F. 
    Goodwill 
     The following table sets forth the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a   $498   adjustment to goodwill related to the acquisition of the Carve-out Business. The adjustment was the result of changes in fair value estimates derived from additional information obtained during the measurement period. 
  In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no triggering events, as defined by FASB ASC 350,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other  , which required an interim goodwill impairment test. The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  
   
           G. 
    Restructuring 
      The following table presents the detail of activity for the Company s restructuring plans: 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred net restructuring and other charges of   $297  . In the event that the Company is unable to sublease the unoccupied portion of its headquarters complex in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, it will incur nominal, periodic restructuring charges through fiscal 2017. 
  All of the restructuring and other charges are classified as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and any remaining severance obligations are expected to be paid within the next twelve months. The restructuring liability is classified as accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. 
   
           H. 
    Income Taxes 
     The Company recorded an income tax (benefit) provision of   $(1,259)   and of   $368   on income from operations before income taxes of   $2,560   and   $3,224   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   differed from the federal statutory rate primarily due to federal research and development credits, domestic manufacturing deduction, excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, and state taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 differed from the federal statutory rate primarily due to domestic manufacturing deduction, excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, and state taxes. 
  No material changes in the Company s unrecognized tax positions occurred during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal year 2013. There have been no significant changes to the status of this examination during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months the Company s unrecognized tax benefits, exclusive of interest, may decrease by up to   $757   at the conclusion of the audit. The Company expects that the decrease, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate.   
   
           I. 
    Debt 
     T  ERM   L  OAN   A  ND   R  EVOLVING   C  REDIT   F  ACILITIES 
  On May 2, 2016, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with a syndicate of commercial banks and Bank of America, N.A acting as the administrative agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a   $200,000   term loan facility ("Term Loan") and a   $100,000   revolving credit facility ("Revolver").  As  
  
   11 

of September 30, 2016, the Company s outstanding balance on the Term Loan was   $197,500  , net of   $7,254   of unamortized debt issuance costs. The stated interest rate of the Term Loan was   2.8%   as of September 30, 2016. 
  The Company was in compliance with all covenants and conditions under the Credit Agreement. There were no borrowings against the Revolver; however, there were outstanding letters of credit of   $1,938   under this Credit Agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
           J. 
    Stock-Based Compensation 
     S  TOCK   O  PTION   P  LANS 
  The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Company s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the  2005 Plan ), is   15,252   shares at   September 30, 2016  . The 2005 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and deferred stock awards to employees and non-employees. All stock options are granted with an exercise price of not less than   100%   of the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant and the options generally have a term of   seven   years. There were   1,580   shares available for future grant under the 2005 Plan at   September 30, 2016  .  
  As part of the Company's ongoing annual equity grant program for employees, the Company grants performance-based restricted stock awards to certain executives pursuant to the 2005 Plan. Performance awards vest based on the requisite service period subject to the achievement of specific financial performance targets. Based on the performance targets, some of these awards require graded vesting which results in more rapid expense recognition compared to traditional time-based vesting over the same vesting period. The Company monitors the probability of achieving the performance targets on a quarterly basis and may adjust periodic stock compensation expense accordingly. 
  E  MPLOYEE   S  TOCK   P  URCHASE   P  LAN 
  The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Company s 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ( ESPP ), is   1,800   shares. Under the ESPP, rights are granted to purchase shares of common stock at   85%   of the lesser of the market value of such shares at either the beginning or the end of each six-month offering period. The ESPP permits employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed   10%   of an employee s compensation as defined in the ESPP. There were no shares issued under the ESPP during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Shares available for future purchase under the ESPP totaled   398   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  S  TOCK   O  PTION     AND   A  WARD   A  CTIVITY 
  The following table summarizes activity of the Company s stock option plans since   June 30, 2016  : 

The following table summarizes the status of the Company s non-vested restricted stock awards since   June 30, 2016  : 

12 

S  TOCK  -  BASED   C  OMPENSATION   E  XPENSE 
  The Company recognized the full expense of its share-based payment plans in the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   in accordance with FASB ASC 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  . The Company had   $177   of capitalized stock-based compensation expense on the consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016  . In the prior year, the Company did not capitalize any such costs on the consolidated balance sheets, as such costs that qualified for capitalization were not material. Under the fair value recognition provisions of FASB ASC 718, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized as expense over the service period, net of estimated forfeitures. The following table presents share-based compensation expenses from continuing operations included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations: 

K. 
    Operating Segment, Geographic Information and Significant Customers 
     Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise evaluated regularly by the Company's chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company is comprised of one operating and reportable segment. The Company utilized the management approach for determining its operating segment in accordance with FASB ASC 280. 
  The geographic distribution of the Company s revenues is summarized as follows: 

Foreign revenue is based on the country in which the Company s legal subsidiary is domiciled. 
  The geographic distribution of the Company s long-lived assets is summarized as follows: 

Identifiable long-lived assets exclude goodwill and intangible assets. 
  
   13 

Customers comprising 10% or more of the Company s revenues for the periods shown below are as follows: 

While the Company typically has customers from which it derives 10% or more of its revenue, the sales to each of these customers are spread across multiple programs and platforms. Programs comprising 10% or more of the Company s revenues for the periods shown below are as follows: 

* 
    Indicates that the amount is less than 10% of the Company s revenues for the respective period. 
      
           L. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     L  EGAL   C  LAIMS 
  The Company is subject to litigation, claims, investigations and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, the Company believes that it has valid defenses with respect to any matters currently pending against the Company and intends to defend itself vigorously. The outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s cash flows, results of operations, or financial position. 
  I  NDEMNIFICATION   O  BLIGATIONS 
  The Company s standard product sales and license agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business typically contain an indemnification provision pursuant to which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with any patent, copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to the Company s products. Such provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the agreements. The potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is, in some instances, unlimited. 
  P  URCHASE   C  OMMITMENTS 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has entered into non-cancelable purchase commitments for certain inventory components and services used in its normal operations. The purchase commitments covered by these agreements are for less than one year and aggregate to   $39,344  . 
  O  THER 
  As part of the Company's strategy for growth, the Company continues to explore acquisitions or strategic alliances. The associated acquisition costs incurred in the form of professional fees and services may be material to the future periods in which they occur, regardless of whether the acquisition is ultimately completed. 
  The Company may elect from time to time to purchase and subsequently retire shares of common stock in order to settle an individual employees  tax liability associated with vesting of a restricted stock award or exercise of stock options. These transactions would be treated as a use of cash in financing activities in the Company's statement of cash flows. 
   
           M. 
    Subsequent Events 
     On November 3, 2016, the Company signed a definitive agreement to acquire CES Creative Electronic Systems, S.A., a leading provider of embedded solutions for military and aerospace mission-critical computing applications. The purchase price is expected to be approximately   $38,000  , subject to net working capital and net debt adjustments, plus foreign currency, and  
  
   14 

transaction related expenses, all of which are expected to be funded with cash on hand. The Company expects to close the transaction during the second fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016.  
  The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the date of the consolidated balance sheet through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. 
  
   15 

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
      
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  From time to time, information provided, statements made by our employees or information included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission may contain statements that are not historical facts but that are  forward-looking statements,  which involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the use of the words  may,   will,   could,   should,   would,   plans,   expects,   anticipates,   continue,   estimate,   project,   intend,   likely,   forecast,   probable,   potential  and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, continued funding of defense programs, the timing and amounts of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen weakness in the Company's markets, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in, or in the U.S. Government s interpretation of, federal export control or procurement rules and regulations, market acceptance of the Company's products, shortages in components, production delays or unanticipated expenses due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings, or delays in realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, increases in interest rates, changes to export regulations, increases in tax rates, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated costs under fixed-price service and system integration engagements, and various other factors beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties also include such additional risk factors as set forth under Part I-Item 1A (Risk Factors) in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016  . We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  Mercury Systems, Inc. is a leading commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in U.S.A. Optimized for customer and mission success, our solutions power a wide variety of critical defense and intelligence programs. Headquartered in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, we are pioneering a next-generation defense electronics business model designed to meet the industry's current and emerging business needs. We deliver affordable innovative solutions, rapid time-to-value and service and support to our defense prime contractor customers. Our products and solutions have been deployed in more than 300 programs with over 25 different defense prime contractors. Key programs include Aegis, Patriot, Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program ("SEWIP"), Gorgon Stare, Predator, F-35, Reaper and Digital Electronic Warfare System ("DEWS"). Our organizational structure allows us to deliver capabilities that combine technology building blocks and deep domain expertise in the defense sector. We believe our total portfolio of services and solutions is unique in the industry for a commercial company. We operate across a broad spectrum of defense programs. 
  We deliver capabilities that combine technology building blocks, deep domain expertise in the defense sector and critical solution areas, and specialized skills in serving the Department of Defense ("DoD") and the intelligence community. Our technologies and capabilities include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency ("RF") and microwave multi-function assemblies as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. 
  We utilize leading edge, high performance computing technologies architected by leveraging open standards and open architectures to address highly data-intensive applications that include signal, sensor and image processing; all of this while addressing the packaging challenges, often referred to as  SWaP  (size, weight, and power) that are common in military applications. In addition, we design and build RF and microwave components and subsystems to meet the needs of the electronic warfare ("EW"), signal intelligence ("SIGINT") and other high bandwidth communications requirements and applications. 
  We also provide significant capabilities relating to pre-integrated, open, affordable EW,  electronic attack ("EA") and electronic counter measure ("ECM") subsystems, and SIGINT and electro-optical/infrared ("EO/IR") processing technologies, and radar environment test and simulation systems.  We deploy these solutions on behalf of defense prime contractors and the DoD, leveraging commercially available technologies and solutions (or  building blocks ) from our business as well as other commercial suppliers.  We leverage this technology to develop integrated sensor processing subsystems, often including classified application-specific software and intellectual property ("IP") for the C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance), EW, and ECM markets. We bring significant domain expertise to customers, drawing on over 25 years of experience in EW, SIGINT, and radar environment test and simulation. 
  Since we are an OEM supplier to our commercial markets and conduct much of our business with our defense customers via commercial items, requests by customers are a primary driver of revenue fluctuations from quarter to quarter. Customers  
  
   16 

specify delivery date requirements that coincide with their need for our products. Because these customers may use our products in connection with a variety of defense programs or other projects of different sizes and durations, a customer s orders for one quarter generally do not indicate a trend for future orders by that customer. Additionally, order patterns do not necessarily correlate amongst customers and, therefore, we generally cannot identify sequential quarterly trends. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had 967 employees. Our consolidated revenues, net income, net earnings per share, adjusted earnings per share ("adjusted EPS"), and adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $87.6 million  ,   $3.8 million  ,   $0.10  ,   $0.22  , and   $18.2 million  , respectively. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for a reconciliation to our most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 
  Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015    
  The following tables set forth, for the three months periods indicated, financial data from the consolidated statements of operations: 

R  EVENUES 
  Total revenues increased $29.2 million, or 50%, to $87.6 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase in total revenues is primarily attributed to $24.3 million of revenue from the newly acquired custom microelectronics, RF and microwave solutions, and embedded security operations from Microsemi Corporation (the "Carve-Out Business"). The increase of $4.9 million organic revenue was due to higher revenues from the  Aegis, LRDR, Digital Electronic Warfare System ("DEWS") and F-35 programs, partially offset by lower Patriot, P-8 and SEWIP program revenues. International revenues, which consist of foreign military sales through prime defense contractor customers and direct sales to non-U.S. based customers, increased $5.7 million to $14.1 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $8.4 million in the same period in the prior fiscal year. International revenues represented 16% and 14% of total revenues during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  
  G  ROSS   M  ARGIN 
  Gross margin was 45.0% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of 350 basis points from the 48.5% gross margin achieved during the same period in fiscal 2016. The lower gross margin between years was driven by the  amortization of $2.1 million in inventory step-up related to the acquisition of the Carve-Out Business and changes in product mix.  
  
   17 

S  ELLING  , G  ENERAL     AND   A  DMINISTRATIVE 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $5.4 million, or 45%, to $17.5 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $12.1 million in the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation related costs driven by added headcount resulting from the acquisition of the Carve-Out Business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and higher stock based compensation related charges.  Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $0.3 million in non-cash rent expense associated with our new corporate headquarters in Andover, Massachusetts. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues remained consistent for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  R  ESEARCH     AND   D  EVELOPMENT 
  Research and development expenses increased approximately $4.0 million, or 45%, to $12.8 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $8.9 million during the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily due to increased headcount resulting from the acquisition of the Carve-Out Business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 driving higher compensation related costs, higher depreciation and increased prototype expenditures.  
  R  ESTRUCTURING AND   O  THER   C  HARGES 
  Restructuring and other charges were flat during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  A  CQUISITION   C  OSTS     AND   O  THER   R  ELATED   E  XPENSES 
  We incurred $0.4 million of acquisition costs and other related expenses during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $2.1 million during the same period in fiscal 2016. We expect to incur acquisition costs and other related expenses periodically in the future as we continue to seek acquisition opportunities to expand our capabilities within the sensor processing chain. 
  I  NTEREST   E  XPENSE 
  We incurred $1.8 million of interest expense during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to less than $0.1 million in the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase was driven by $1.3 million cash interest expense related to our Term Loan and $0.5 million of non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs on our Term Loan, which was entered into during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  O  THER   I  NCOME  , N  ET 
  Other income, net increased $0.5 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily related to $0.4 million in foreign exchange gains driven by the strengthening of the Japanese Yen against the U.S. Dollar in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
  I  NCOME   T  AXES 
  We recorded an income tax benefit of $1.3 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to $0.4 million income tax provision for the same period in fiscal 2016. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 2015, we recognized a discrete tax benefit of $2.2 million and $0.9 million, respectively, related to excess tax benefits on stock compensation. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   differed from the federal statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to federal research and development credits, domestic manufacturing deduction, excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, and state taxes. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 differed from the federal statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to domestic manufacturing deduction, excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, and state taxes. 
   
  L  IQUIDITY     AND   C  APITAL   R  ESOURCES 
  Our primary sources of liquidity comes from existing cash and cash generated from operations and our revolving credit facility. Our near-term fixed commitments for cash expenditures consist primarily of payments under operating leases, inventory purchase commitments with our contract manufacturers, and interest and principal payments under our term loan. Additionally, we currently expect approximately $13.0 million of capital expenditures related to the build-out of our new corporate headquarters, the addition of the acquired businesses, and the acceleration of our integration activities in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 
  Based on our current plans and business conditions, we believe that existing cash and cash equivalents, available revolving credit facility, cash generated from operations, and financing capabilities will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

18 

Shelf Registration Statement 
  On August 15, 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. The shelf registration statement, which has been declared effective by the SEC, registered up to $500.0 million of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants and units. We intend to use the proceeds from a financing using the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, which may include the following: 
             
    the acquisition of other companies or businesses; 
                
    the repayment and refinancing of debt; 
                
    capital expenditures; 
                
    working capital; and 
                
    other purposes as described in the prospectus supplement. 
     We have approximately $400.0 million of availability remaining under the shelf registration statement. 
  Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facilities 
  On May 2, 2016, we entered into a $200.0 million senior secured term loan A and $100.0 million revolving credit facility ( Revolver ) with a syndicate of commercial banks, with Bank of America, N.A. acting as the administrative agent ("collectively, the "Credit Agreement"). Pursuant to the revolving credit facility we can, subject to compliance with the applicable financial covenants, borrow up to $100.0 million for working capital, acquisitions, and general corporate purposes of ours and our subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, there was $100.0 million of borrowing capacity available under the Revolver. As of September 30, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding on the Revolver; however, there were outstanding letters of credit of $1.9 million. The Company was in compliance with all covenants and conditions under the Credit Agreement. 
   
  C  ASH   F  LOWS 

Our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $4.4 million from June 30, 2016 to   September 30, 2016  , primarily as a result of $10.3 million in cash generated from operating activities offset by $6.1 million in purchases of property and equipment. The increase in purchases of property and equipment in fiscal 2017 is due to the ongoing needs in our existing business including the build-out of our new corporate headquarters and through the addition of the Carve-Out Business. In addition, we used $6.1 million for the retirement of common stock and a debt principal payment of $2.5 million.  
  Operating Activities 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated $10.3 million in cash from operating activities, an increase of $3.7 million when compared to the same period in fiscal 2016. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated $1.0 million in higher comparable net income, $22.9 million higher collections from accounts receivables, and $4.0 million higher depreciation and amortization expense as compared to the same period in fiscal 2016. The increases were partially offset by $16.4 million of cash used for accounts payable and accrued expenses, $4.9 million of cash used in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and $4.5 million decrease in deferred revenues and customer advances as compared to the same period in the prior year. Our ability to generate cash from operations in future periods will depend in large part on profitability, the rate and timing of collections of accounts receivable, our inventory turns and our ability to manage other areas of working capital. 
  Investing Activities 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we used $6.2 million in investing activities compared to $2.1 million during the same period in fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily driven by $4.2 million higher purchases of property and equipment in fiscal 2017 due to the ongoing needs in our existing business including the build-out of our new corporate headquarters and through the addition of the Carve-Out Business. 
  
   19 

Financing Activities 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we used $8.5 million in financing activities compared to $3.1 million during the same period in fiscal 2016. The $5.5 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to $2.4 million more used for the retirement of common stock and a debt principal payment of $2.5 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  C  OMMITMENTS,   C  ONTRACTUAL   O  BLIGATIONS AND   C  ONTINGENCIES 
  The following is a schedule of our commitments and contractual obligations outstanding at   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) Interest payments are due quarterly on the outstanding term loan. Future interest payments are not included in the schedule of commitments and contractual obligations due to the variable nature of the interest rate. 
  Purchase obligations represent open non-cancelable purchase commitments for certain inventory components and services used in normal operations. The purchase commitments covered by these agreements are for less than one year and aggregated approximately   $39.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  We have a liability at   September 30, 2016   of $1.6 million for uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in various income tax returns. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months this liability, exclusive of interest, may decrease by up to $0.8 million upon the conclusion of the Internal Revenue Service audit of fiscal year 2013.     We do not know the ultimate resolution on these uncertain tax positions and as such, do not know the ultimate timing of payments related to this liability. Accordingly, these amounts are not included in the above table.   
  Our standard product sales and license agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business typically contain an indemnification provision pursuant to which we indemnify, hold harmless, and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred in connection with certain intellectual property infringement claims by any third party with respect to our products. Such provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the agreements. The potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is, in some instances, unlimited. 
  As part of our strategy for growth, we continue to explore acquisitions or strategic alliances. The associated acquisition costs incurred in the form of professional fees and services may be material to the future periods in which they occur, regardless of whether the acquisition is ultimately completed. 
  We may elect from time to time to purchase and subsequently retire shares of common stock in order to settle individual employees  tax liability associated with vesting of a restricted stock award or exercise of stock options. These transactions would be treated as a use of cash in financing activities in our statement of cash flows. 
   
  O  FF  -  BALANCE   S  HEET   A  RRANGEMENTS 
  Other than our lease commitments incurred in the normal course of business and certain indemnification provisions, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or liabilities, guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interests in transferred assets, or any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity. We do not have any majority-owned subsidiaries that are not consolidated in the financial statements. Additionally, we do not have an interest in, or relationships with, any special purpose entities. 
   
  N  ON  -  GAAP   F  INANCIAL   M  EASURES 
  In our periodic communications, we discuss certain important measures that are not calculated according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), adjusted EBITDA, adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share ("adjusted EPS") and free cash flow. 
  Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and other charges, impairment of long-lived assets, acquisition and financing costs, fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, litigation and settlement income and expense, and stock-based compensation expense. We  
  
   20 

use adjusted EBITDA as an important indicator of the operating performance of our business. We use adjusted EBITDA in internal forecasts and models when establishing internal operating budgets, supplementing the financial results and forecasts reported to our board of directors, determining a component of bonus and equity compensation for executive officers based on operating performance and evaluating short-term and long-term operating trends in our operations. We believe the adjusted EBITDA financial measure assists in providing a more complete understanding of our underlying operational measures to manage our business, to evaluate our performance compared to prior periods and the marketplace, and to establish operational goals. We believe that these non-GAAP financial adjustments are useful to investors because they allow investors to evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in our financial and operational decision-making. 
  Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information provided in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. We expect to continue to incur expenses similar to the adjusted EBITDA financial adjustments described above, and investors should not infer from our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure that these costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. 
  The following table reconciles our net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to our adjusted EBITDA: 

Adjusted income and adjusted EPS exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that exclusion of these items assists in providing a more complete understanding of our underlying results and trends and allows for comparability with our peer company index and industry. We use these measures along with the corresponding GAAP financial measures to manage our business and to evaluate our performance compared to prior periods and the marketplace. We define adjusted income as income before amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and other charges, impairment of long-lived assets, acquisition and financing costs, fair value adjustments from purchase accounting, litigation and settlement income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, and the tax impact of those items. Adjusted EPS expresses adjusted income on a per share basis using weighted average diluted shares outstanding.  
  Adjusted income and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information provided in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. We expect to continue to incur expenses similar to the adjusted income and adjusted EPS financial adjustments described above, and investors should not infer from our presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures that these costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. 
  
   21 

The following table reconciles net income and diluted earnings per share, the most directly comparable GAAP measures, to adjusted income and adjusted EPS:  

(1) Fiscal 2017 fair value adjustments from purchase accounting relates to Carve-Out Business inventory step up amortization. 
  (2) Impact to income taxes is calculated by taking the tax provision as determined for GAAP purposes and subtracting a recalculated tax provision that excludes the effect of all items added back in determining adjusted EBITDA. 
  Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure for reporting cash flow, is defined as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures for property and equipment, which includes capitalized software development costs. We believe free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on cash available for investments and acquisitions after making capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long-term value creation. We believe that trends in our free cash flow are valuable indicators of our operating performance and liquidity. 
  Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information provided in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. We expect to continue to incur expenditures similar to the free cash flow adjustment described above, and investors should not infer from our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure that these expenditures reflect all of our obligations which require cash. 
  The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to free cash flow: 

R  ECENTLY   I  SSUED   A  CCOUNTING   P  RONOUNCEMENTS  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for us on July 1, 2018 and can be early adopted for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2017. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,   an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The ASU has added additional disclosure  
  
   22 

requirements to the codification. It requires management to assess, at each interim and annual reporting period, whether substantial doubt exists about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt exists if it is probable (the  probable  threshold under U.S. GAAP has generally been interpreted to be between 75 and 80 percent) that the company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued or available to be issued (assessment date). The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect a going concern uncertainty in the foreseeable future, and therefore this guidance is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  , an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value for entities that do not measure inventory using the last-in, first-out or retail inventory method. The ASU also eliminates the requirement for these entities to consider replacement cost or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The ASU is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The ASU requires prospective adoption and permits early adoption. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2015-11 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842),   an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most lease arrangements. This ASU is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The standard mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This ASU will reduce diversity in practice for classifying cash payments and receipts in the statement of cash flows for a number of common transactions. It will also clarify when identifiable cash flows should be separated versus classified based on their predominant source or use. This ASU is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-15 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  R  ECENTLY   A  DOPTED   A  CCOUNTING   P  RONOUNCEMENTS 
  Effective July 1, 2016, we adopted  FASB ASU No. 2015-01,   Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items,   an amendment of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.     This ASU eliminates the separate presentation of extraordinary items, net of tax and the related earnings per share, but does not affect the requirement to disclose material items that are unusual in nature or infrequently occurring. The ASU aligns U.S. GAAP more closely with International Financial Reporting Standards. We will continue to evaluate whether items are unusual in nature or infrequent in their occurrence for disclosure purposes and when estimating the annual effective tax rate for interim reporting purposes. Such adoption did not have any impact to our consolidated financial statements.  

23 

ITEM 3.  
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     There were no material changes in our exposure to market risk from June 30, 2016 to   September 30, 2016  . 
   
           ITEM 4.  
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . We continue to review our disclosure controls and procedures and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our Company s business. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
  (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13c-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, management is in the process of integrating the recently acquired Carve-Out Business into our overall internal control over financial reporting environment. 
  
   24 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1.  
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     We are subject to litigation, claims, investigations and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to those matters currently pending against us and intend to defend our self vigorously. The outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material impact on our cash flows, results of operations, or financial position. 
   
           ITEM 1A.  
    RISK FACTORS 
     You should carefully review and consider the information regarding certain factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results set forth under Item 1A (Risk Factors) in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes from the factors disclosed in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 16, 2016, although we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
           ITEM 6.  
    EXHIBITS 
     The following Exhibits are filed or furnished, as applicable, herewith: 
                   31.1 
       
    Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
       
    Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1+ 
       
    Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
       
    The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

+ 
    Furnished herewith. This certificate shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
     
   25 

MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Signatures 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, on   November 3, 2016  . 
                   MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC. 

By: 
      
    /  S  /    G  ERALD   M. H  AINES II 

Gerald M. Haines II 

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrcy-9302016xexx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Mark Aslett, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mercury Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
               /  S  /    M  ARK   A  SLETT         
      Mark Aslett 
      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  [PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER] 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrcy-9302016xexx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Gerald M. Haines II, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mercury Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
               /  S  /    G  ERALD   M. H  AINES II         
      Gerald M. Haines II 
      EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
      CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AND TREASURER 
      [PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER] 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mrcy-9302016xexx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  Mercury Systems, Inc. 
  Certification Pursuant To 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant To 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mercury Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), we, Mark Aslett, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Gerald M. Haines II, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, that to our knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
    
               /  S  /    M  ARK   A  SLETT         
      Mark Aslett 
      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
        
      /  S  /    G  ERALD   M. H  AINES II         
      Gerald M. Haines II 
      EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
      CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AND TREASURER 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mrcy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mrcy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mrcy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mrcy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mrcy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mrcy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

