<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1405528_0001144204-16-132024_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3538252</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128397</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>719795</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>712945</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1356196</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>546241</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132024.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107145928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001405528
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				260431897
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33859
		FILM NUMBER:		161977757

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132024.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450968_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from             to             .    

Commission File Number: 001-33859  

United States   12 Month Oil Fund,
LP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       26-0431897    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       
 Yes       
 No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       
 Yes       
 No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      
 Yes         No  

The registrant had 6,450,000 outstanding shares as of November
2, 2016. 

UNITED STATES
12 MONTH OIL FUND, LP  

Page    
 
        Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      1   

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
     1  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
     13  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      28   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
      29   

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    
      29   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
     29  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
     29  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
     29  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      30   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
     30  

Item 5. Other Information.   
     30  

Item 6. Exhibits.   
     30  

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.           
 Condensed Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed Financial Statements  

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   

   At September 30, 2016   

* Collateral amounted to $7,994,581 on open futures
contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements.  

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements.  

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States   12 Month Oil Fund, LP  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP
( USL ) was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 27, 2007. USL is
a commodity pool that issues limited partnership shares ( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca,
Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). Prior to November 25, 2008, USL s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange (the
 AMEX ). USL will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events as described
in its Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of March 1, 2013 (the  LP Agreement ).
The investment objective of USL is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the price of light, sweet crude oil delivered to Cushing, Oklahoma,
as measured by the daily changes in the average of the prices of the 12 futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded
on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), consisting of the near month contract to expire and the
contracts for the following 11 months for a total of 12 consecutive months  contracts, except when the near month contract
is within two weeks of expiration, in which case it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next month contract to
expire and the contracts for the following 11 consecutive months (the  Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts ), less USL s
expenses. When calculating the daily movement of the average price of the 12 contracts, each contract month will be equally weighted.
It is not the intent of USL to be operated in a fashion such that the per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot price
of light, sweet crude oil or any particular futures contract based on light, sweet crude oil. It is not the intent of USL to be
operated in a fashion such that its per share NAV will reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contracts
as measured over a time period greater than one day. United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner
of USL, believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Oil Futures
Contracts (as defined below) and Other Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). USL accomplishes its objective through investments
in futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil and other types of crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other
petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Oil Futures
Contracts ) and other oil related investments such as cash-settled options on Oil Futures Contracts, forward contracts for
oil, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions that are based on the price of crude oil, diesel-heating
oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels, Oil Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,
 Other Oil-Related Investments ). As of September 30, 2016, USL held 2,425 Oil Futures Contracts for light, sweet crude
oil traded on the NYMEX and did not hold any Oil Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. 

USL commenced investment operations on
December 6, 2007 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of USL. USCF
is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA ) and became registered as a commodity pool operator
with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August
8, 2013. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United States Natural
Gas Fund, LP ( UNG ), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA ) and the United States Diesel-Heating
Oil Fund, LP ( UHN ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbols  USO 
on April 10, 2006,  UNG  on April 18, 2007,  UGA  on February 26, 2008 and  UHN 
on April 9, 2008, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each of USO s, UNG s,
UGA s and UHN s shares commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. USCF is also the general partner
of the United States Short Oil Fund, LP ( DNO ), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNL )
and the United States Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under
the ticker symbols  DNO  on September 24, 2009,  UNL  on November 18, 2009 and  BNO 
on June 2, 2010, respectively. USCF is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), the
United States Copper Index Fund ( CPER ), the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ) and the USCF
Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund ( UCCO ), each a series of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust. USCI, CPER
and USAG listed their shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USCI  on August 10, 2010,  CPER 
on November 15, 2011 and  USAG  on April 13, 2012, respectively. UCCO is currently in registration. 

All funds listed previously, other than
UCCO, are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public Funds.  

USL issues shares to certain authorized
purchasers ( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets )
through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the  Marketing Agent ). The purchase price for a Creation
Basket is based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on
the day the order to create the basket is properly received. 

The applicable transaction fee paid by
Authorized Participants is $350 to USL for each order they place to create or redeem one or more baskets ( Redemption Baskets ).
Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or
Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange are not purchased or sold at the per
share NAV of USL but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. 

On December 4, 2007, USL initially
registered 11,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). On December 6,
2007, USL listed its shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbol  USL  and switched to trading on the NYSE Arca under
the same ticker symbol on November 25, 2008 On that day, USL established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price
at $50.00 and issued 300,000 shares in exchange for $15,000,000. USL also commenced investment operations on December 6,
2007, by purchasing Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX based on light, sweet crude oil. As of September 30, 2016, USL had
registered a total of 111,000,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include
all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United
States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation of the
condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. USL is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward contracts,
physical commodities, and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified
cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed statements
of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by
exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward
contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the condensed
financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements
of operations. USL earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM ) at prevailing
market rates earned on such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

USL is not subject to federal income taxes;
each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. 

In accordance with GAAP, USL is required
to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority,
including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. USL files
an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. USL is not subject
to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2013. The tax benefit recognized is measured as
the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition
of a tax benefit previously recognized results in USL recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, USL s conclusions
regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going
analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. USL recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed. No interest expense or
penalties have been recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Authorized Participants may purchase Creation
Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 50,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly
after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. 

USL receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Participants are reflected in USL s condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold,
and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay USL a transaction
fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. 

Partnership Capital and Allocation of
Partnership Income and Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among
the partners of USL in proportion to the number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter
or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. 

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset Value
( NAV )  

USL s per share NAV is calculated
on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing
that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. USL uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange on
that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is the
difference between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number
of shares outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average
shares are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed
based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by USCF at September
30, 2016. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection with
the registration of additional shares after the initial registration of shares are borne by USL. These costs include registration
fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. These costs
are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or a shorter
period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money market funds
and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the accompanying condensed
financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the
reported amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3   FEES PAID BY THE FUND
AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of USL in accordance with the objectives and policies of USL. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to USL. For these
services, USL is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.60% per annum of average daily
total net assets. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other
Offering Expenses  

USL pays all costs and expenses associated
with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration
or other fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing
and other expenses associated with such offer and sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, USL did
not incur registration fees and other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors 
and Officers  Expenses  

USL is responsible for paying its portion
of the directors  and officers  liability insurance for USL and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses
of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of USL and the Related Public Funds. USL shares the fees
and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related
Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a total
of $11,900 for USL and, in the aggregate for USL and the Related Public Funds, $554,800. 

Licensing Fees  

As discussed in Note 4 below, USL entered
into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement,
USL and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015% on all net assets.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, USL incurred $12,072 and $8,228, respectively, under this arrangement. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with USL s
audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by USL. These costs are estimated to be $153,000 for the
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Other Expenses and Fees  

In addition to the fees described above,
USL pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of USL, excluding costs and expenses paid
by USCF as outlined in  Note 4     Contracts and Agreements  below. 

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreement  

USL is party to a marketing agent agreement,
dated as of November 13, 2007, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing
Agent provides certain marketing services for USL as outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne
by USCF, is equal to 0.06% on USL s assets up to $3 billion and 0.04% on USL s assets in excess of $3 billion. In no
event may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution related services exceed
10% of the gross proceeds of USL s offering. 

The above fees do not include website construction
and development, which are also borne by USCF. 

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. Agreements  

USL is also party to a custodian agreement,
dated October 5, 2007, as amended from time to time, with Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. )
and USCF, whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of USL. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined
by the parties from time to time. In addition, USL is party to an administrative agency agreement, dated October 5, 2007,
as amended from time to time, with USCF and BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent and
registrar for USL. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are determined
by the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for its
services, in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration
services rendered to USL and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services.
In addition, USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds 
combined net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but less
than $1 billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual minimum
amount will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays BBH Co. transaction
fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant
Agreements  

On October 8, 2013, USL entered into a
brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets, LLC ( RBC Capital  or  RBC ) to serve as USL s FCM
effective October 10, 2013. The agreement with RBC requires it to provide services to USL in connection with the purchase and sale
of Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through RBC Capital for USL s
account. In accordance with the agreement, RBC Capital charges USL commissions of approximately $7 to $8 per round-turn trade,
including applicable exchange and NFA fees for Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts. Such fees include
those incurred when purchasing Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USL issues shares as a result of
a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USL redeems
shares as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts
are purchased or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio. USL also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase
and sale of Oil Futures Contracts, Other Oil-Related Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years
or less ( Treasuries ). 

The increase in USL s total commissions accrued
to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due to a greater
number of futures contracts being held and traded as a result of USL s larger size in terms of average net assets. 

NYMEX Licensing Agreement  

USL and the NYMEX entered into a licensing
agreement on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby USL was granted a non-exclusive license to use certain
of the NYMEX s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, USL and the Related Public Funds,
other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms of which are described in Note
3. USL expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of USL by the NYMEX and acknowledges that  NYMEX 
and  New York Mercantile Exchange  are registered trademarks of the NYMEX. 

NOTE 5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS,
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES  

USL engages in the trading of futures
contracts, options on futures contracts and swaps (collectively,  derivatives ). USL is exposed to both market risk,
which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the risk of failure by another
party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

USL may enter into futures contracts, options
on futures contracts, and swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates
the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified
time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The contractual
obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or
by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated
date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe and provide
the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including credit
risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any
loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s
proprietary activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures contracts
and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss
in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure USL has in the
particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation between
movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid
market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing or
selling futures contracts. 

All of the futures contracts held by USL
through September 30, 2016 were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to
be less than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual
counterparties. However, in the future, if USL were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts, it would be subject to the
credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such
instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. USL has credit risk under its futures contracts since the sole
counterparty to all domestic and foreign futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts
are traded. In addition, USL bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

USL s cash and other property, such
as Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an
FCM could result in the complete loss of USL s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of USL s assets are
held in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with USL s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM.
The failure or insolvency of USL s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of USL s assets. 

USCF invests a portion of USL s cash
in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. USL is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an investment
in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, USL held investments in money market funds in the amounts
of $37,000,000 and $7,000,000 respectively. USL also holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written agreement with
BBH Co., uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled banks located in
Toronto, Canada; London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject to U.S. regulation
and regulatory oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, USL held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries
in the amounts of $83,337,585 and $83,701,240, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts may be subject
to loss should USL s custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes
in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, USL is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts
purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, USL pays or receives
a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. 

USL s policy is to continuously monitor
its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, USL has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty
with which it conducts business. 

The financial instruments held by USL are
reported in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate
fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following table presents per share
performance data and other supplemental financial data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the shareholders.
This information has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

* Annualized. 

Total returns are calculated based on the
change in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total returns
and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from USL. 

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS  

USL values its investments in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate to the definition of
fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes
a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained
from sources independent of USL (observable inputs) and (2) USL s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the
ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for  identical  assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets include
the following: quoted prices for  similar  assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated
inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing
input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent
that observable inputs are not available. 

In some instances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

The level in the fair value hierarchy within
which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of USL s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were
no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation of USL s
securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

Effective January 1, 2009, USL adopted
the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative
disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains
and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations  

For the nine months ended       
     For the nine months ended     

September 30, 2016       
     September 30, 2015     

Change in       
             
     Change in     

Location of    
     Realized       
     Unrealized       
     Realized       
     Unrealized     
 
     Derivatives not    
     Gain (Loss)    
     Gain (Loss)       
     Gain (Loss)       
     Gain (Loss)       
     Gain (Loss)     
 
     Accounted for    
     on Derivatives    
     on Derivatives       
     on Derivatives       
     on Derivatives       
     on Derivatives     
 
     as Hedging    
     Recognized in    
     Recognized in       
     Recognized in       
     Recognized in       
     Recognized in     
 
     Instruments    
     Income    
     Income       
     Income       
     Income       
     Income     
 
     Futures   Commodity Contracts    
     Realized gain (loss) on closed contracts    
     $  (11,487,686  )    
                
     $  (19,494,981  )    

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts    
                
     $  30,005,207       
                
     $  4,104,681     

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

USL has performed an evaluation of subsequent
events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events
that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. 

Item 2.          Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP ( USL )
included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking
statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause USL s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe USL s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the negative of these words,
other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be
incorrect, and USL cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass.
USL s actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result
of various factors. 

USL has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form
10-Q, and USL assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although USL undertakes no obligation to
revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors
are advised to consult any additional disclosures that USL may make directly to them or through reports that USL in the future files
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

USL, a Delaware limited partnership, is
a commodity pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). The investment
objective of USL is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes, in percentage terms, of the spot price of light, sweet crude oil delivered to Cushing, Oklahoma,
as measured by the daily changes, in the average of the prices of 12 futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the
New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ) that is the near month contract to expire and the contracts for the following
11 months for a total of 12 consecutive months  contracts, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration,
in which case it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next month contract to expire and the contracts for the following
11 consecutive months (the  Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts ), plus interest earned on USL s collateral holdings,
less USL s expenses.  Near month contract  means the next contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire.  Next
month contract  means the first contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire after the near month contract. When calculating
the daily movement of the average price of the 12 contracts, each contract month is equally weighted. 

USL s investment objective is  not 
for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of light, sweet crude oil or any particular futures
contract based on light, sweet crude oil,  nor  is USL s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to
reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period  greater than one
day . The general partner of USL, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), believes that it is not practical
to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Oil Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other
Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). 

USL invests primarily in futures contracts
for light, sweet crude oil, other types of crude oil, heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are
traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Oil Futures Contracts ) and to
a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other oil-related investments
such as cash-settled options on Oil Futures Contracts, forward contracts for oil, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter ( OTC )
swaps that are based on the price of oil, other petroleum-based fuels, Oil Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing
(collectively,  Other Oil-Related Investments ). For convenience and unless otherwise specified, Oil Futures Contracts
and Other Oil-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Oil Interests  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

USCF believes that market arbitrage opportunities
will cause daily changes in USL s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily changes in USL s
per share NAV on a percentage basis. USCF further believes that daily changes in prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract have
historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot prices of light, sweet crude oil. USCF believes that the net effect of these
relationships will be that the daily changes in the price of USL s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis will closely
track, the daily changes in the spot price of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on
USL s collateral holdings, less USL s expenses. 

USL seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing so that the average daily percentage change in USL s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will
be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract
over the same period. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Accountability Levels, Position Limits
and Price Fluctuation Limits.  Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability
levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group
of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by USL is not) may hold, own or control. These
levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that USL invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to
accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.
The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down
from the previous day s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the Benchmark
Futures Contracts and other Oil Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX, are not a fixed ceiling,
but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s positions. The
current accountability level for investments for any one month in the Benchmark Futures Contracts is 10,000 contracts. In addition,
the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 20,000 net futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil. In addition,
ICE Futures maintains accountability levels, position limits and monitoring authority for its futures contracts for light, sweet
crude oil. If USL and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for investments in the futures contract for light,
sweet crude oil, the NYMEX and ICE Futures will monitor such exposure and may ask for further information on their activities including
the total size of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of USL and the Related
Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures, USL could be ordered to reduce its net futures contracts back
to the accountability level. As of September 30, 2016, USL held 2,425 futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the
NYMEX and did not hold any Oil Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USL did
not exceed accountability levels imposed by the NYMEX or ICE Futures, however, the aggregated total of the Related Public Funds
did exceed the accountability levels. No action was taken by NYMEX and USL did not reduce the number of Oil Futures Contracts held
as a result. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the NYMEX and the ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in
the near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that USL will run up against such position limits because USL s investment
strategy is to close out its positions and  roll  from the near month contract to expire and the eleven following months
to the next month contract to expire and the eleven following months during one day each month. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, USL did not exceed any position limits imposed by the NYMEX and ICE Futures. 

The regulation of commodity interest trading
in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are subject
to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
( FINRA ), CFTC, the National Futures Association (the  NFA ), the futures exchanges, clearing organizations
and other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute
from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing
of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered
and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits on
speculative positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and as swaps that are economically equivalent to such
contracts in the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants
would be required to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit
Rules ). The Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position
limits; set thresholds that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month,
and all months combined; create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities
on designated contract markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits
or, in some cases, position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs, SEFs
as well as non-U.S. located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was successfully
challenged by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from market participants
multiple times. 

Until such time as the Position Limit Rules
are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions in
commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces federal
limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits and
accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, USL may be limited
with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions,
the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the 28 Referenced Contracts
held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures exchanges, non-U.S. futures
exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements and the Position Limit
Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant controls the trading decisions
with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in an account or position, as well
as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding. At this time, it is
unclear how the Position Limit Rules may affect USL, but the effect may be substantial and adverse. By way of example, the Position
Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of USL to meet its investment objectives through limits that may inhibit USCF s
ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of USL. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions that
USL is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of USL to meet its investment objective. The term  swap 
is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain transactions
ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap execution facilities 
and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing  refers to the process by which
a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via a clearing member ( i.e. , an  FCM ),
and replaced by two mirror swaps, with the CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. CCPs have
several layers of protection against default including margin, member capital contributions and FCM guarantees of their customers 
transactions with the CCP. FCMs also pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective,
setting limits for each counterparty and collecting initial and variation margin daily from each counterparty for changes in the
value of cleared swaps. The margin collected from both parties to the swap protects against credit risk in the event a counterparty
defaults. The initial and variation margin requirements are set by and held for the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin
may be required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require enhanced
customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures
and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants that
customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the
capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps and
interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If USL enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps
that are subject to mandatory clearing, USL will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required to be
cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF or DCM.
 Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is implemented
by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required to be cleared
are made available to trade on a SEF. If USL enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps that are subject
to mandatory clearing, USL will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as made available to trade.
In order to execute swaps on a SEF, USL will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access the SEF through an intermediary. Members
of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject to the rules and jurisdiction of the relevant
SEF. 

Swaps that are not required to be cleared and
executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations, including,
among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation
requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators have adopted rules to impose initial and variation
margin requirements that apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties. If USL engages in non-cleared
swap transactions it will be subject to some or all of the requirements of the margin rules, which include a requirement that swap
dealers and major swap participants collect variation margin daily, beginning in March 2017, and potentially initial margin, beginning
in September 2020. 

In addition to the rules and regulations imposed
under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. USL may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent that it engages
in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. Other non-U.S. jurisdictions also impose obligations with respect
to OTC swaps that could impact USL if it were to engage in OTC swaps with non-U.S. persons. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued final rules
establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register due to
recent changes to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance
Obligations for Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although USL is not a
registered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules to
make the requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This change
decreased the burden on USL and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as USL. The new rule requires institutional
prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method (i.e., to use a  floating
net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue to use the amortized
cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s board of directors
to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage and prevent runs
by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and gates could be imposed
on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government MMFs. USL currently
invests in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as an investment for assets not used
for margin or collateral in the Oil Futures Contracts. USL does not hold any non-government MMFs and, currently, does not anticipate
investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that USL would invest in any non-governmental
MMFs. However, if USL were to make investments in non-government MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively impact USL
because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the new rule. 

Price Movements  

Crude oil futures prices were volatile during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and exhibited moderate daily swings along with a slight upward trend during the period.
The average price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts started the period at $41.24 per barrel. Average prices hit a peak on
June 8, 2016 at $53.20 per barrel. The low of the period was on January 20, 2016 when prices reached $32.89 per barrel. The
period ended with the average price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts at $50.65 per barrel, up approximately 22.82% over the
period. USL s per share NAV started the period at $17.00 and ended the period at $18.75 on September 30, 2016, an increase
of approximately 10.29% over the period. USL s per share NAV reached its high for the period on June 8, 2016 at $20.24 and
reached its low for the period on January 20, 2016 at $13.31. The average Benchmark Oil Futures Contract prices listed above began
with the February 2016 as the near month contract and the following 11 consecutive contracts, and ended with the November 2016
as the near month contract plus the following 11 consecutive contracts. The increase of approximately 22.82% on the average price
of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor
holding Oil Futures Contracts. An investment in Oil Futures Contracts would need to be rolled forward during the time period described
in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore, the change in the nominal price of these differing crude Oil Futures Contracts,
measured from the start of the period to the end of the period, does not represent the actual benchmark results that USL seeks
to track, which are more fully described below in the section titled   Tracking USL s Benchmark.   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the crude oil futures market was in a state of strong contango, meaning that the price of the near month crude Oil
Futures Contract was lower than the price of the next month crude Oil Futures Contract and contracts further away from
expiration. (On days when the market is in backwardation, the price of the near month crude Oil Futures Contract is typically
higher than the price of the next month crude Oil Futures Contract or contracts further away from expiration.) For a
discussion of the impact of backwardation and contango on total returns, see   Term Structure of Crude Oil Prices and
the Impact on Total Returns   below. 

Valuation of Oil Futures Contracts
and the Computation of the Per Share NAV  

The per share NAV of USL s shares is
calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New York
time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. USL s administrator
uses the NYMEX closing price (determined at the earlier of the close of the NYMEX or 2:30 p.m. New York time) for the contracts
held on the NYMEX, but calculates or determines the value of all other USL investments, including ICE Futures contracts or other
futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time. 

Results of Operations and the Crude Oil
Market  

Results of Operations.  On December 6,
2007, USL listed its shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ) under the ticker symbol  USL.  On
that day, USL established its  initial offering price at $50.00 per share and issued 300,000 shares to its initial Authorized
Participant, in exchange for $15,000,000 in cash. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, USL s shares
ceased trading on the AMEX and commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. 

Since its initial offering of 11,000,000 shares,
USL has registered one subsequent offering of its shares: 100,000,000 shares which were registered with the SEC on March 31,
2009. Shares offered by USL in the subsequent offerings were sold by it for cash at the shares  per share NAV as described
in the applicable prospectus. As of September 30, 2016, USL had issued 21,550,000 shares, 6,550,000 of which were outstanding.
As of September 30, 2016, there were 89,450,000 shares registered but not yet issued. 

More shares may have been issued by USL than
are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. Unlike funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, shares that have been redeemed by USL cannot be resold by USL. As a result, USL contemplates that additional offerings
of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and redemptions. 

As of September 30, 2016, USL had the following
Authorized Participants: Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional
Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley   Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas
Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 

For the Nine months Ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Nine months Ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  USL s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USL pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USL. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USL, including cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USL as a percentage of average
total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The decrease in total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due to
a decrease in professional fees. 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers by USL for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due to
a greater number of futures contracts being held and traded. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  USL s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USL pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USL. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USL, including cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USL as a percentage
of average total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

The slight decrease in total fees and expenses
excluding management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015,
was due to a slight decrease in professional fees. 

The decrease in the total commissions accrued
to brokers by USL for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was due
to a lower level of creation and redemption activity resulting in fewer futures contracts traded for such activity. 

Tracking USL s Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage USL s portfolio
such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average of
the prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio
such that over any rolling period of 30 valuation days, the average daily change in USL s per share NAV is within a range
of 90% to 110% (0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. As an example,
if the average daily movement of the average of the prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts for a particular 30-valuation
day time period was 0.50% per day, USCF would attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the
per share NAV during that same time period fell between 0.45% and 0.55% ( i.e. , between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark s
results). USL s portfolio management goals do not include trying to make the nominal price of USL s per share NAV equal
to the average of the nominal prices of the current Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts or the spot price for light, sweet crude
oil. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Oil Futures
Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. 

For the 30 valuation days ended September 30,
2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts was (0.054)%, while the simple average daily change
in the per share NAV of USL over the same time period was (0.055)%. The average daily difference was (0.002)% (or (0.2) basis points,
where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts, the average
error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was 0.926%, meaning that over this time period USL s tracking error was within
the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. A significant portion of the level of USL s relative
tracking error as a percentage of the benchmark was due to periods of flat price returns. 

Since the commencement of the offering of USL
shares to the public on December 6, 2007 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Oil Futures
Contracts was (0.021)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of USL over the same time period was (0.023)%.
The average daily difference was (0.002)% (or (0.2) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the
daily movement of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.722)%,
meaning that over this time period USL s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark
tracking goal. The following two graphs demonstrate the correlation between the changes in USL s NAV and the changes in the
Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. The first graph exhibits the daily changes in the last 30 valuation days ended September 30, 2016.
The second graph measures monthly changes from September 30, 2011 through September 30, 2016. 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of the
return performance of USL versus the return of its Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts can be calculated by comparing the actual
average of the prices of its return of USL, measured by changes in its per share NAV, versus the expected changes in its per
share NAV under the assumption that USL s returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in the average of the prices
of its Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the actual total return of USL as measured by changes in its per share NAV was 10.29%. This is based on an initial per share NAV of
$17.00 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $18.75. During this time period, USL
made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USL s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked
the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts, USL would have had an estimated per share NAV of
$18.82 as of September 30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of 10.71%. The difference between the actual
per share NAV total return of USL of 10.29% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts of 10.71%
was an error over the time period of (0.42)%, which is to say that USL s actual total return underperformed the benchmark
result by that percentage. USL incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage fees for the buying and selling
of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USL
to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract.  

By comparison, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of USL as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (23.09)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $26.59 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $20.45. During
this time period, USL made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USL s daily changes in its per share NAV had
instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts, USL would have had an estimated
per share NAV of $20.56 as of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (22.68)%. The difference
between the actual per share NAV total return of USL of (23.09)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Oil Futures
Contracts of (22.68)% was an error over the time period of (0.41)%, which is to say that USL s actual total return underperformed
the benchmark result by that percentage. USL incurred expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage fees for the
buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tended to cause daily changes in the
per share NAV of USL to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract.  

There are currently three factors that have
impacted or are most likely to impact USL s ability to accurately track its Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. 

First, USL may buy or sell its holdings in
the then current Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts at a price other than the closing settlement price of that contract on the day
during which USL executes the trade. In that case, USL may pay a price that is higher, or lower, than that of the Benchmark Oil Futures
Contracts, which could cause the changes in the daily per share NAV of USL to either be too high or too low relative to the
daily changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize
the effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts at, or
as close as possible to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for USL to obtain the closing
settlement price and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely
impact USL s attempt to track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts over time. 

Second, USL incurs expenses primarily composed
of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of
these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USL to track slightly lower than the inverse of daily changes
in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. At the same time, USL earns dividend and interest income on its cash,
cash equivalents and Treasuries. USL is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make
any distributions to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other income, were
retained within the portfolio and added to USL s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of USL s expenses for its
management fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees, licensing fees and the fees
and expenses of the independent directors of USCF), USL will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in
the per share NAV of USL to track slightly higher than daily changes in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures
Contracts. If short-term interest rates rise above the current levels, the level of deviation created by the yield would decrease.
Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline, the amount of error created by the yield would increase. When short-term
yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses of the management fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking
error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause the daily returns of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns
of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. USCF anticipates that interest rates will continue to remain at historical lows and,
therefore, it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by USL will continue to be higher than interest earned by USL. As such,
USCF anticipates that USL will continue to underperform its benchmark until such a time when interest earned at least equals or
exceeds the fees and expenses paid by USL. 

Third, USL may hold Other Oil-Related
Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts  total return movements.
In that case, the error in tracking the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts could result in daily changes in the per share NAV of USL
that are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, USL did not hold any Other Oil-Related Investments. If USL increases in size, and due to its obligations
to comply with regulatory limits, USL may invest in Other Oil-Related Investments which may have the effect of increasing transaction
related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

Term Structure of Crude Oil Futures Prices
and the Impact on Total Returns.  Several factors determine the total return from investing in a futures contract position.
One factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month futures contracts and  rolling 
those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract and the next month contract.
For example, if the price of the near month contract is higher than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  backwardation 
in the futures market), then absent any other change there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to rise in value
as it becomes the near month contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month contract is lower than
the next month contract (a situation referred to as  contango  in the futures market), then absent any other change
there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to decline in value as it becomes the near month contract and approaches
expiration. 

As an example, assume that the price of crude
oil for immediate delivery (the  spot  price), was $50 per barrel, and the value of a position in the near month futures
contract was also $50. Over time, the price of the barrel of crude oil will fluctuate based on a number of market factors,
including demand for oil relative to its supply. The value of the near month contract will likewise fluctuate in reaction
to a number of market factors. If investors seek to maintain their position in a near month contract and not take delivery of the
oil, every month they must sell their current near month contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the next month contract. 

If the futures market is in backwardation,
 e.g. , when the expected price of crude oil in the future would be less, the investor would be buying a next month contract
for a lower price than the current near month contract. Using the $50 per barrel price above to represent the front month price,
the price of the next month contract could be $49 per barrel, that is, 2% cheaper than the front month contract. Hypothetically,
and assuming no other changes to either prevailing crude oil prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near
month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash
equivalents), the value of the $49 next month contract would rise as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract
with a price of $50. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month contract would tend to rise faster than the
spot price of crude oil, or fall slower. As a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of crude
oil to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract would have
risen 12%, assuming backwardation is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of crude oil could have
fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract could have fallen only 8%. Over time, if backwardation remained
constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

If the futures market is in contango, the investor
would be buying a next month contract for a higher price than the current near month contract. Using again the $50 per barrel price
above to represent the front month price, the price of the next month contract could be $51 per barrel, that is, 2% more expensive
than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing crude oil prices or the price
relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission
costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the next month contract would fall as it approaches
expiration and becomes the new near month contract with a price of $50. In this example, it would mean that the value of an investment
in the second month would tend to rise slower than the spot price of crude oil, or fall faster. As a result, it would be possible
in this hypothetical example for the spot price of crude oil to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value
of the investment in the second month futures contract will have risen only 8%, assuming contango is large enough or enough time
has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of crude oil could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the second month
futures contract could have fallen 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

The chart below compares the price of the near
month contract to the average price of the near 12 month contracts over the last 10 years for light, sweet crude oil. When the
price of the near month contract is higher than the average price of the near 12 month contracts, the market would be described
as being in backwardation. When the price of the near month contract is lower than the average price of the near 12 month contracts,
the market would be described as being in contango. Although the prices of the near month contract and the average price of the
near 12 month contracts do tend to move up or down together, it can be seen that at times the near month prices are clearly higher
than the average price of the near 12 month contracts (backwardation), and other times they are below the average price of the
near 12 month contracts (contango).  

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative way to view the same data is
to subtract the dollar price of the average dollar price of the near 12 month contracts for light, sweet crude oil from the dollar
price of the near month contract for light, sweet crude oil. If the resulting number is a positive number, then the near month
price is higher than the average price of the near 12 months and the market could be described as being in backwardation. If the
resulting number is a negative number, then the near month price is lower than the average price of the near 12 months and the
market could be described as being in contango. The chart below shows the results from subtracting the average dollar price of
the near 12 month contracts from the near month price for the 10 year period between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016.
Investors will note that the crude oil market spent time in both backwardation and contango.  

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An investment in a portfolio that involved
owning only the near month contract would likely produce a different result than an investment in a portfolio that owned an equal
number of each of the near 12 months  worth of contracts. Generally speaking, when the crude oil futures market is in backwardation,
the near month only portfolio would tend to have a higher total return than the 12 month contract portfolio. Conversely, if the
crude oil futures market was in contango, the portfolio containing 12 months  worth of contracts would tend to outperform
the near month only portfolio. The chart below shows the annual results of owning a portfolio consisting of the near month contract
and a portfolio containing the near 12 months  worth of contracts. In addition, the chart shows the annual change in the
spot price of light, sweet crude oil. In this example, each month, the near month only portfolio would sell the near month contract
at expiration and buy the next month out contract. The portfolio holding an equal number of the near 12 months  worth of
contracts would sell the near month contract at expiration and replace it with the contract that becomes the new twelfth month
contract.  

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY
INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT USL WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE
PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL
RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING.   FOR
EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS
WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.  

As seen in the chart above, there have been
periods of both positive and negative annual total returns for both hypothetical portfolios over the last 10 years. In addition,
there have been periods during which the near month only approach had higher returns, and periods where the 12 month approach had
higher total returns. The above chart does not represent the performance history of USL or any of the Related Public Funds. 

Historically, the crude oil futures markets
have experienced periods of contango and backwardation, with backwardation being in place roughly as often as contango since oil
futures trading started in 1982. Following the global financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008, the crude oil market moved
into contango and remained in contango for a period of several years. During parts of 2009, the level of contango was unusually
steep as a combination of slack U.S. and global demand for crude oil and issues involving the physical transportation and storage
of crude oil at Cushing, Oklahoma, the primary pricing point for oil traded in the U.S., led to unusually high inventories of crude
oil. Since then, a combination of improved transportation and storage capacity, along with growing demand for crude oil globally,
has moderated the inventory build-up and lead to reduced levels of contango by 2011 and to backwardation during part of 2013 and
most of 2014. Due to a historic surplus, the crude oil futures market returned to a state of contango in 2015 and remained in a
state of contango during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

USCF believes that holding futures contracts
whose expiration dates are spread out over a 12 month period of time will cause the total return of such a portfolio to vary compared
to a portfolio that holds only a single month s contract (such as the near month contract). In particular, USCF believes
that the total return of a portfolio holding contracts with a range of expiration months will be impacted differently by the price
relationship between different contract months of the same commodity future compared to the total return of a portfolio consisting
of the near month contract. USCF believes that based on historical evidence a portfolio that held futures contracts with a range
of expiration dates spread out over a 12 month period of time would typically be impacted less by the positive effect of backwardation,
and less by the negative effect of contango, compared to a portfolio that held contracts of a single near month. As a result, absent
the impact of any other factors, a portfolio of 12 different monthly contracts would tend to have a lower total return than a near
month only portfolio in a backwardation market and a higher total return in a contango market. However there can be no assurance
that such historical relationships would provide the same or similar results in the future. 

Periods of contango or backwardation do not
materially impact USL s investment objective of having the daily percentage changes in its per share NAV track the daily
percentage changes in the average of the prices of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts since the impact of backwardation and
contango tend to equally impact the daily percentage changes in price of both USL s shares and the Benchmark Oil
Futures Contracts. It is impossible to predict with any degree of certainty whether backwardation or contango will occur in the
future. It is likely that both conditions will occur during different periods. 

Crude Oil Market . During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, crude oil prices were impacted by several factors. Crude oil inventories in the United States stood at
approximately 469 million barrels by the end of September, approximately 9% higher than the same week a year earlier. Storage increased
steadily during the first three quarters of 2016, peaking at 512 million barrels, by far the highest volume since the EIA began
reporting storage data in 1982. The new storage record was achieved early in the second quarter before declining on lower U.S.
production and production disruptions overseas. The final weekly production level reported by the Department of Energy in the third
quarter of 2016 was about 12% lower than the peak reached in June of 2015. United States crude oil prices finished the third quarter
of 2016 approximately 30.24% higher than at the beginning of the year. Prices firmed as supply disruptions abroad improved the
global supply and demand balance, as U.S. production declined, and as inventories began to fall from peak levels. Should supply
resume an upward trajectory or should the global economic situation decline there is a meaningful possibility that crude oil prices
could fall, while disruptions due to conflicts in the Middle East would likely have the opposite effect. 

Crude Oil Price Movements in Comparison
to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories.  USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree to which
prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment or asset class.
Statistically, such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different investments
or asset classes over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that the two investment
options move up or down in price or value together, known as  positive correlation,  and -1 indicates that they move
in completely opposite directions, known as  negative correlation.  A correlation of 0 would mean that the movements
of the two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as  non-correlation.  That is, the investment
options sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions.  

For the ten-year time period between September
30, 2006 and September 30, 2016, the table below compares the monthly movements of crude oil prices versus the monthly movements
of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as natural gas, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline, as well as several
major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities. It can
be seen that over this particular time period, the movement of crude oil on a monthly basis exhibited strong correlation with unleaded
gasoline and diesel-heating oil, moderate correlation with the movements of large cap U.S. equities and global equities, limited
correlation with natural gas, and negative correlated with U.S. government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

The table below covers a more recent, but much
shorter, range of dates than the above table. Over the one year period ended September 30, 2016, movements of crude oil were strongly
correlated with movements of unleaded gasoline and diesel-heating oil, somewhat correlated with movements of large cap U.S. equities,
global equities and natural gas, and somewhat negatively correlated with U.S. government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Investors are cautioned that the historical
price relationships between crude oil and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as measured
by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured above would
have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that crude oil has historically not demonstrated
a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in the future it is possible
that crude oil could have long-term correlation results that indicate prices of crude oil more closely track the movements of equities
or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter than ten years, there will always be some periods
where the correlation of crude oil to equities and bonds will be either more strongly positively correlated or more strongly negatively
correlated than the long term historical results suggest. 

The correlations between crude oil, natural
gas, diesel-heating oil and gasoline are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest USL s assets in Oil Futures Contracts
and Other Oil-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in USL s per share NAV correlate as closely as
possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the average price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. If certain other fuel-based
commodity futures contracts do not closely correlate with the crude oil futures contracts, then their use could lead to greater
tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes in percentage terms in the average price of the Benchmark Oil
Futures Contracts will closely correlate with changes in percentage terms in the spot price of light, sweet crude oil. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the
application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. USL s application of these policies
involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types of
estimates that it makes in preparing USL s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange (such
as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by USL for its Oil Futures
Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued based on
the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these derivative
contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, USL estimates interest and dividend income on
a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual amount
received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

USL has not made, and does not anticipate making,
use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. USL has met, and it is anticipated that USL will continue to
meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its investments, or from the Treasuries,
cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. USL s liquidity needs include: redeeming shares, providing
margin deposits for its existing Oil Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Oil Futures Contracts and posting collateral
for its OTC swaps, if applicable, and payment of its expenses, summarized below under  Contractual Obligations.  

USL currently generates cash primarily from:
(i) the sale of baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income earned on Treasuries,
cash and/or cash equivalents. USL has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Oil Interests. USL invests in
Oil Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its current or potential margin or collateral
obligations with respect to its investments in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. A significant portion of
USL s NAV is held in Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin and as collateral for its trading
in Oil Interests. The balance of the assets is held in USL s account at its custodian bank and in Treasuries at the FCM.
Income received from USL s investments in money market funds and Treasuries is paid to USL. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, USL s expenses exceeded the income USL earned and the cash earned from the sale of Creation Baskets and
the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USL used other assets to pay expenses, which
could cause a decrease in USL s NAV over time. To the extent expenses exceed income, USL s NAV will be negatively
impacted. 

USL s investments in Oil Interests may
be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example, most
commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred to as  daily
limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract
has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated
unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such market conditions could prevent USL
from promptly liquidating its positions in Oil Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USL did
not purchase or liquidate any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however, USL cannot predict whether such an event
may occur in the future. 

Prior to the initial offering of USL, all payments
with respect to USL s expenses were paid by USCF. USL does not have an obligation or intention to refund such payments by
USCF. USCF is under no obligation to pay USL s current or future expenses. Since the initial offering of shares, USL has
been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions, (iii) licensing
fees for the use of intellectual property, (iv) ongoing registration expenses in connection with offers and sales of
its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (v) other expenses, including tax reporting costs, (vi) fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and (vii) other extraordinary expenses not in the ordinary course of business, while
USCF has been responsible for expenses relating to the fees of USL s Marketing Agent, Administrator and Custodian and registration
expenses relating to the initial offering of shares. If USCF and USL are unsuccessful in raising sufficient funds to cover
these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding, USL will terminate and investors may lose all or part of
their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Oil Futures Contracts and Other
Oil-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves USL entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell oil at a
specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed USL s future cash
requirements since USL intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, USL is generally only subject
to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. USL considers the  fair value  of its derivative
instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with USL s commitments to purchase
oil is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should USL enter into a contractual commitment to
sell oil, it would be required to make delivery of the oil at the contract price, repurchase the contract at prevailing prices
or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of oil, the market risk to USL could be unlimited. 

USL s exposure to market risk depends
on a number of factors, including the markets for oil, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates, the liquidity
of the Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments markets and the relationships among the contracts held by USL.
Drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an investor s capital. 

Credit Risk  

When USL enters into Oil Futures Contracts
and Other Oil-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations.
The counterparty for the Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and on most other futures exchanges is the clearinghouse
associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse in connection
with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting
from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly reduce credit
risk. USL is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members
but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse,
or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to USL in such circumstances. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit risk
of USL by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, USL generally posts margin and/or holds liquid assets
that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Oil Futures Contracts and
Other Oil-Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing and clearing
trades only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the benefit of USL
to limit its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of USL in accepting orders to purchase or sell Oil Futures Contracts
on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate as belonging to USL,
all assets of USL relating to domestic Oil Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed to commingle USL s assets
with their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires commodity brokers to hold in a secure account USL s assets related
to foreign Oil Futures Contracts trading. 

In the future, USL may purchase OTC swaps,
see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

As of September 30, 2016, USL held cash deposits
and investments in Treasuries and money market funds in the amount of $120,337,585 with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these
amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should USL s custodian or FCM, as applicable,
cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, USL had no loan guarantee,
credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business,
which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in performing services
which are in the best interests of USL. While USL s exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated,
they are not expected to have a material impact on USL s financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

USL had no direct exposure to European sovereign
debt as of September 30, 2016 and has no direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective and
pay its contractual obligations described below, USL requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in blocks
of 50,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  USL has to date satisfied this obligation by paying from the cash or
cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

USL s primary contractual obligations
are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed percentage
of USL s NAV, currently 0.60% of NAV on its average daily total net assets. 

USCF agreed to pay the start-up costs
associated with the formation of USL, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF s registration
with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of USL and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly,
AMEX), respectively. However, since USL s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering
and listing additional shares of USL have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by USL, and not by USCF. 

USCF pays the fees of the marketing agent,
ALPS Distributors, Inc., (the  Marketing Agent ) and the fees of BBH Co., as well as BBH Co. s fees for
performing administrative services, including those in connection with the preparation of USL s condensed financial statements
and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. USCF and USL have also entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX pursuant
to which USL and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee to the NYMEX. USL also pays
the fees and expenses associated with its tax accounting and reporting requirements. 

In addition to USCF s management fee,
USL pays its brokerage fees (including fees to an FCM), OTC dealer spreads, any licensing fees for the use of intellectual property,
and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration and other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, or other regulatory agencies in connection
with the offer and sale of shares, as well as legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated therewith, and extraordinary
expenses. The latter are expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of USL s business, including expenses relating to the
indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and under the LP Agreement, the
bringing or defending of actions in law or in equity or otherwise conducting litigation and incurring legal expenses and the settlement
of claims and litigation. Commission payments to an FCM are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn, basis. USL also pays a portion
of the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF. See  Note 3  to the  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements
(Unaudited)  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount of
payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as USL s per share NAVs and trading levels to
meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed
upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of USL s existence. Either
party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, USL s portfolio
consisted of 2,425 Crude Oil Futures CL Contracts traded on the NYMEX. As of September 30, 2016, USL did not hold any Oil Futures
Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. For a list of USL s current holdings, please see USL s website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 3.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

Currently, OTC transactions are subject
to changing regulation.   

USL may purchase OTC contracts, such as forward
contracts or swap or spot contracts. Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on such futures,
each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under its contract. 

USL may enter into certain transactions where
an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for Related Position  or  EFRP 
transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by USL, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one
or more baskets of USL shares. These EFRP transactions may expose USL to counterparty risk during the interim period between the
execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the
EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial transactions,
involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily depend upon the
terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination of market risk,
credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions in particular
may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience substantial
gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual obligations
associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified or terminated
only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore, it may not
be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset USL s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated with a transaction
prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises in connection
with such contracts, USL will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty,
if the counterparty is unable to meet its obligations to USL due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as the insolvency
of the counterparty. 

USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate, the
creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF s board
of directors (the  Board ). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of USL only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties who are,
or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated by
the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether
or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United
Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed
periodically by USCF. USL will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support.
Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party
open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction
in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives is less
certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared
swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated,
and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers
and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually
obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent
value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period ended
September 30, 2016, USL limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. 

USL anticipates that the use of Other Oil-Related
Investments together with its investments in Oil Futures Contracts will produce price and total return results that closely track
the investment goals of USL. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result in higher transaction-related expenses
than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Oil Futures Contracts, which may impact USL s ability
to successfully track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. 

Item 4.        
 Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

USL maintains disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in USL s periodic reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of USL if USL had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of USL s disclosure
controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of USL have been effective as of the
end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in USL s internal
control over financial reporting during USL s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, USL s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.         
 Legal Proceedings.  

Not applicable. 

Item 1A.      
 Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes to the
risk factors previously disclosed in USL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed
on March 11, 2016. 

Item 2.         
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3.         
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.         
 Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.         
 Other Information.  

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule 4.22
under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month USL publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement
of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current report
on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on USL s website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com.  

Item 6.        Exhibits.  

Listed below are the exhibits, which are filed
as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

(1)  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP (Registrant)  

By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner 

By:  
      /s/ John P. Love  

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016 

By:  
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450968_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Oil Fund,
        LP   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450968_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Oil Fund,
        LP   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450968_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States 12 Month
Oil Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John P.
Love, the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby
certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Oil Fund,
        LP   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450968_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States 12 Month
Oil Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stuart
P. Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States 12 Month Oil Fund,
        LP   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 usl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 usl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

