<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1043000_0001193125-16-757208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2853378</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110846</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>268571</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>440821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1110461</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>811024</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-757208.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102165659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-757208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043000
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		IRS NUMBER:				752678809
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13445
		FILM NUMBER:		161968769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14160 DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727705600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14160 DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-757208.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 d248289d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       Form 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission file number: 1-13445        

Capital Senior Living Corporation   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)        

Delaware  
   
  75-2678809   
 
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
   
  (I.R.S. Employer   
 
  Incorporation or Organization)  
   
  Identification No.)   
     
    (972) 770-5600   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
   NONE       (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or    for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 31, 2016, the Registrant had
29,989,342 outstanding shares of its Common Stock, $0.01 par value, per share.      

Table of Contents  

     CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
  INDEX       

Page   Number  

Part I. Financial Information    

Item 1. Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income   Three
and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations   

16 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

25 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

26 

Part II. Other Information    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

26 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

27 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

27 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

27 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

27 

Item 5. Other Information   

27 

Item 6. Exhibits   

27 

Signature   

28 

Certifications  

2  

Table of Contents  

     Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   
  CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME   
  (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (unaudited, in thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016      1. BASIS OF
PRESENTATION     Capital Senior Living Corporation, a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the  Company ), is one of the
largest operators of senior housing communities in the United States in terms of resident capacity. The Company owns, operates and manages senior housing communities in geographically concentrated regions throughout the United States. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company operated 128 senior housing communities in 23 states with an aggregate capacity of approximately 16,100 residents, including 78 senior housing communities that the Company owned and 50 senior housing communities
that the Company leased. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Capital Senior Living Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.    The accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, as of December 31, 2015, has been derived from audited consolidated financial
statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, as of and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
have not been included pursuant to those rules and regulations. For further information, refer to the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016.    In the opinion of the Company, the accompanying consolidated financial statements contain
all adjustments (all of which were normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
and cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results for the year ending December 31,
2016.     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Lease Accounting     The Company determines whether to
account for its leases as operating, capital or financing leases depending on the underlying terms of each lease agreement. This determination of classification is complex and requires significant judgment relating to certain information including
the estimated fair value and remaining economic life of the community, the Company s cost of funds, minimum lease payments and other lease terms. As of September 30, 2016, the Company leased 50 senior housing communities, 48 of which the
Company classified as operating leases and two of which the Company classified as capital lease and financing obligations. The Company incurs lease acquisition costs and amortizes these costs over the term of the respective lease agreement. Certain
leases entered into by the Company qualified as sale/leaseback transactions, and as such, any related gains have been deferred and are being amortized over the respective lease term. Facility lease expense in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income includes rent expense plus amortization expense relating to leasehold acquisition costs slightly offset by the amortization of deferred gains and lease incentives. There are various financial
covenants and other restrictions in the Company s lease agreements. The Company was in compliance with all of its lease covenants at September 30, 2016.  
  Credit Risk and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts     The
Company s resident receivables are generally due within 30 days from the date billed. Accounts receivable are reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $3.9 million and $3.2 million at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
respectively, and represent the Company s estimate of the amount that ultimately will be collected. The adequacy of the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed on an ongoing basis, using historical payment trends, write-off
experience, analyses of receivable portfolios by payor source and aging of receivables, as well as a review of specific accounts, and adjustments are made to the allowance as necessary. Credit losses on resident receivables have historically been
within management s estimates, and management believes that the allowance for doubtful accounts adequately provides for expected losses.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Employee Health and Dental Benefits, Workers  Compensation, and Insurance Reserves   
 The Company offers certain full-time employees an option to participate in its health and dental plans. The Company is self-insured up to certain limits and is
insured if claims in excess of these limits are incurred. The cost of employee health and dental benefits, net of employee contributions, is shared between the corporate office and the senior housing communities based on the respective number of
plan participants. Funds collected are used to pay the actual program costs including estimated annual claims, third-party administrative fees, network provider fees, communication costs, and other related administrative costs incurred by the plans.
Claims are paid as they are submitted to the Company s third-party administrator. The Company records a liability for outstanding claims and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. This liability is based on the historical claim
reporting lag and payment trends of health insurance claims. Management believes that the liability for outstanding losses and expenses is adequate to cover the ultimate cost of losses and expenses incurred at September 30, 2016; however, actual
claims and expenses may differ. Any subsequent changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they are determined.    The Company uses a
combination of insurance and self-insurance for workers  compensation. Determining the reserve for workers  compensation losses and costs that the Company has incurred as of the end of a reporting period involves significant judgments
based on projected future events including potential settlements for pending claims, known incidents which may result in claims, estimates of incurred but not yet reported claims, changes in insurance premiums, estimated litigation costs and other
factors. The Company regularly adjusts these estimates to reflect changes in the foregoing factors. However, since this reserve is based on estimates, the actual expenses incurred may differ from the amounts reserved. Any subsequent changes in
estimates are recorded in the period in which they are determined.     Income Taxes   
 Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method and current income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable in the current
year. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 differ from the statutory tax rates due to state income taxes, permanent tax differences, and changes in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. The
Company is impacted by the Texas Margin Tax ( TMT ), which effectively imposes tax on modified gross revenues for communities within the State of Texas. During the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company consolidated 38 and 37
Texas communities, respectively, and the TMT increased the overall provision for income taxes.    Deferred income taxes are recorded based on the estimated
future tax effects of loss carryforwards and temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates that are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect those carryforwards and temporary differences to be recovered or settled. Management regularly evaluates the future realization of deferred tax assets and provides a
valuation allowance, if considered necessary, based on such evaluation. As part of the evaluation, management has evaluated taxable income in carryback years, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, feasible tax planning strategies, and
future expectations of income. Based upon this analysis, adjustments to the valuation allowance of $3.0 million and $(1.3 million) were recorded during the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, to adjust the valuation allowance
provided to $28.7 million and $20.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cumulative adjustments to the valuation allowance for the first nine months of fiscal 2016 and 2015 were $6.4 million and $3.1 million, respectively.
These adjustments to the valuation allowance were provided to reduce the Company s net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. However, in the event that we were to determine that it would be more likely
than not that the Company would realize the benefit of deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amounts, adjustments to deferred tax assets would increase net income in the period such determination was made. The benefits of
the net deferred tax assets might not be realized if actual results differ from expectations.    The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions through
consideration of accounting and reporting guidance on criteria, measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition that is intended to provide better financial statement
comparability among different companies. The Company is required to recognize a tax benefit in its financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management s assessment is that such position is  more likely than not 
(i.e., a greater than 50% likelihood) to be upheld on audit based only on the technical merits of the tax position. The Company s policy is to recognize interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and penalties as income
tax expense. The Company is generally no longer subject to federal and state income tax audits for tax years prior to 2012.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Net (Loss) Income Per Share   
 Basic net (loss) income per common share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
Potentially dilutive securities consist of unvested restricted shares and shares that could be issued under outstanding stock options. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation of net (loss) income per common share if their
effect is antidilutive.    The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share (in thousands, except for per
share amounts):      
   Awards of unvested restricted stock representing approximately 1,028,000 shares and 1,038,000 shares were outstanding for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and were antidilutive. Awards of unvested restricted stock representing approximately 778,000 shares and 787,000 shares were outstanding for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, and were included in the computation of allocable net (loss) income. During fiscal 2015, the unvested restricted stock did not meet all of the requirements to be deemed participating securities. Therefore, for
current and future reporting periods, (losses) earnings per share will be calculated under the treasury method and the two-class method will no longer be utilized by the Company.  
  Treasury Stock     The Company accounts for treasury stock
under the cost method and includes treasury stock as a component of stockholders  equity. During the first nine months of fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased 144,315 shares of its common stock in open market transactions.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Guidance     In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and
disclosures.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including
requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. ASU 2016-02 will be effective beginning in 2019. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 as of its issuance is permitted. The new leases
standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting the new leases standard on our consolidated financial statements.    In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Business Combinations  
Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for the measurement-period adjustment retrospectively. Instead, acquirers must recognize
measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the amounts, including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU
2015-16 is applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. The Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-16 on January 1,
2016, and incorporated the provisions of this update to its consolidated financial statements upon adoption. During the first nine months of fiscal 2016, valuation adjustments resulted in the Company reclassifying approximately $1.7 million from
other assets to property and equipment to reflect purchase price allocation adjustments. As a result of adoption of ASU 2015-16, prior periods were not adjusted and recast to reflect this reclassification within the Company s Consolidated
Balance Sheets.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern. This ASU requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued and to provide certain
disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and subsequent interim reporting
periods. Management does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on the company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with
customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets. Under ASU 2014-09, an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.     3. ACQUISITIONS   
  Fiscal 2016     Effective September 30, 2016, the Company
closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Springfield, Massachusetts, for $27.0 million (the  Springfield Transaction ). The community consists of 97 independent living units and 90 assisted living units. The
Company incurred approximately $0.3 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)
Income. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for $20.3 million of the acquisition price at a fixed rate of 4.10% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
 Effective September 27, 2016, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Kingwood, Texas for $18.0 million (the
 Kingwood Transaction ). The community consists of 96 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.2 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses
within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life Insurance Company ( Protective Life ) for $13.0 million of the acquisition price at a
fixed rate of 4.13% with a 15-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    Effective
February 16, 2016, the Company closed the acquisition of two senior housing communities located in Pensacola, Florida, for $48.0 million (the  Pensacola Transaction ). The two communities consist of 179 assisted living units. The
Company incurred approximately $0.3 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)
Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $35.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.38% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash
resources.    Effective January 26, 2016, the Company closed the acquisition of three senior housing communities located in Colby, Park Falls, and Wisconsin
Rapids, Wisconsin, for approximately $16.8 million (the  Pine Ridge Transaction ). The three communities consist of 138 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition
which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $11.3 million of the acquisition
price at a fixed interest rate of 4.50% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
 As a result of these acquisitions, the Company recorded additions to property and equipment of approximately $100.6 million and other assets of approximately
$9.2 million, primarily consisting of in-place lease intangibles, within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets which will be depreciated or amortized over the estimated useful lives. With the exception of the Pine Ridge Transaction, the
purchase accounting for these acquisitions is preliminary as it is subject to final valuation adjustments.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

   Fiscal 2015   
 Effective October 30, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, for $38.0 million (the
 Virginia Beach Transaction ). The community consists of 111 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative
expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $28.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a  10-year  term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    Effective
September 30, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Mahomet, Illinois, for $15.5 million (the  Mahomet Transaction ). The community consists of 78 assisted living units. The Company
incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The
Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $11.1 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.69% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.
   Effective August 11, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Indianapolis, Indiana, for $21.0 million
(the  Indianapolis Transaction ). The community consists of 124 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative
expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $13.2 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a 10-year
term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources. The note with Protective Life associated with the Indianapolis Transaction included a loan commitment for up to approximately $2.6 million of
supplemental funding at the same terms and 4.25% fixed interest rate. The loan commitment was based on certain funding requirements being met and was drawn down by the Company on May 3, 2016.  
 Effective July 28, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Columbiana, Ohio, for approximately $13.3 million (the
 Columbiana Transaction ). The community consists of 68 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses
within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for approximately $9.9 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a
10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    Effective May 29, 2015, the Company closed
the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Oneonta, New York, for $14.9 million (the  Heritage Transaction ). The community consists of 64 independent living units and 44 assisted living units. The Company incurred
approximately $0.4 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company
obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $11.2 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.79% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
 Effective May 21, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of two senior housing communities located in Hartford and West Bend, Wisconsin, for $12.0 million
(the  Emerald Transaction ). The two communities consist of 79 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.2 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative
expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $9.2 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.55% with a
10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    Effective March 27, 2015, the Company closed
the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Baytown, Texas, for approximately $29.6 million (the  Baytown Transaction ). The community consists of 9 independent living cottages and 120 assisted living units. The Company
incurred approximately $0.2 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The
Company obtained financing from Protective Life for approximately $21.4 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 3.55% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash
resources.    Effective January 13, 2015, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior housing community located in Green Bay, Wisconsin, for
approximately $18.3 million (the  Green Bay Transaction ). The community consists of 78 assisted living units. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in transaction costs related to this acquisition which have been included in
general and administrative expenses within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $14.1 million of the acquisition price at a fixed
interest rate of 4.35% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  As a result of these acquisitions, during fiscal 2015 the Company recorded additions to property and equipment of
approximately $148.0 million and other assets of approximately $14.6 million, primarily consisting of in-place lease intangibles, within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets which will be depreciated or amortized over the estimated
useful lives. The purchase accounting for the Virginia Beach Transaction which closed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 was preliminary as it was subject final valuation adjustments. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, final valuation
adjustments resulted in the Company reclassifying approximately $1.3 million from other assets to property and equipment to reflect the final purchase price allocation.  
  4. DISPOSITIONS     Effective August 6, 2015, the Company
closed a transaction to sell one of its senior housing communities located in Wichita, Kansas, for approximately $14.8 million (the  Sedgwick Sale Transaction ). As a result of the sale, outstanding mortgage debt totaling approximately
$6.8 million was assumed by the buyer. The Company recognized a gain on sale of approximately $6.4 million and received net proceeds, less the debt assumption, of approximately $8.0 million. For income tax purposes, the Company executed a
like-kind exchange and acquired a replacement property shortly after the sale which resulted in the deferral of the gain without the Company incurring any current federal or state income tax liabilities. The Company contracted with a qualified
intermediary for purposes of reaching its determination that the transaction satisfied all requirements of a like-kind exchange under applicable federal and state income tax law.  
 Effective January 22, 2015, the Company closed a transaction to sell four of its senior housing communities located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Shreveport,
Louisiana, Southfield, Michigan, and Winston-Salem, North Carolina, in a single transaction for approximately $36.5 million (the  Four Property Sale Transaction ). As a result of the sale, the outstanding mortgage debt on the
Company s senior housing communities located in Oklahoma City and Shreveport was repaid without incurring any prepayment penalties as these notes were short-term, bridge loan interim financing. However, the mortgage loan associated with the
Company s senior housing community located in Winston-Salem could not be prepaid under the existing loan agreement as it did not offer a prepayment provision. Additionally, this mortgage loan was cross-collateralized with another mortgage loan
on one of the Company s senior housing communities located in Peoria, Illinois, which also did not offer a prepayment provision. Therefore, the Company determined it would defease the Winston-Salem and Peoria mortgage loans by acquiring certain
treasury securities to serve as collateral for the outstanding principal balance as of the date of the sale until the note matured on September 1, 2015. The Company contracted with a third party trust to assume the mortgage debt and assigned all of
its rights to the treasury securities to serve as collateral until the balance remaining comes due. Based on this structure, the Company concluded it met the requirements to report the debt transaction as a legal defeasance which resulted in the
Company removing the respective assets and liabilities from its Consolidated Balance Sheet during the first quarter of fiscal 2015 when the transaction closed. The Company had reported these assets as held for sale at December 31, 2014, and recorded
a remeasurement write-down of approximately $0.6 million to adjust the carrying values of these assets to the sales price, less costs to sell. As a result of the sale, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $35.7 million.  
  5. DEBT TRANSACTIONS     On September 30, 2016, in
conjunction with the Springfield Transaction, the Company obtained $20.3 million of mortgage debt from Fannie Mae. The new mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.10% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a  30-year  term. The Company incurred approximately $0.2 million in deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over 10 years.  
 On September 27, 2016, in conjunction with the Kingwood Transaction, the Company obtained $13.0 million of mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new
mortgage loan has a 15-year term with a 4.13% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a  30-year  term. The Company incurred approximately $0.2 million in deferred financing costs related to this
loan, which are being amortized over 15 years.    On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $3.5 million
from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85% on one community located in Jeffersonville, Indiana, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original
mortgage debt. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over the remaining initial loan term.  
 On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $3.8 million from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85%
on one community located in Irving, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in May 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt. The Company incurred approximately
$0.1 million in deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over the remaining initial loan term.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  On August 2, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $2.1 million from
Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.97% on one senior housing community located in Conroe, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original
mortgage debt. The Company incurred approximately $0.1 million in deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over the remaining initial loan term.  
 Effective July 31, 2016, the Company extended the maturity of its mortgage loan with Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC ( Berkadia ) on one of its
senior housing communities located in Canton, Ohio. The maturity date was extended from July 10, 2017 to July 10, 2018 with an initial variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.50% with principal amortized over 25 years. In conjunction with
the loan extension, the Company incurred an extension fee of $29,500 which will be amortized over the new loan term.    On June 15, 2016, the Company
completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $16.9 million from Fannie Mae on four senior housing communities located in Texas, two senior housing communities located in Ohio, and one senior housing community located in Missouri at a
fixed interest rate of 4.98% which are coterminous with the original mortgage debt on each respective property maturing in July 2024. The supplemental mortgage loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt. The
Company incurred approximately $0.5 million in deferred financing costs related to these loans, which are being amortized over the remaining initial loan terms.  
 On May 3, 2016, the Company drew down approximately $2.6 million of supplemental funding proceeds from Protective Life associated with the Indianapolis
Transaction at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a 10-year term and principal amortized over a  30-year  term. The loan commitment was based on certain funding requirements being met and was available to the
Company through February 28, 2018.    On February 16, 2016, in conjunction with the Pensacola Transaction, the Company obtained $35.0 million of
mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.38% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a  30-year  term. The Company incurred approximately $0.4 million in
deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over 10 years.    On January 26, 2016, in conjunction with the Pine Ridge
Transaction, the Company obtained approximately $11.3 million of mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.50% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a 30-year term. The Company incurred
approximately $0.2 million in deferred financing costs related to this loan, which are being amortized over 10 years.    The Company issued standby letters
of credit, totaling approximately $3.9 million, for the benefit of Hartford Financial Services ( Hartford ) associated with the administration of workers compensation.  
 The Company issued standby letters of credit, totaling approximately $6.6 million, for the benefit of Welltower, Inc. ( Welltower ), formerly
Healthcare REIT, Inc., on certain leases between Welltower and the Company.    The Company issued standby letters of credit, totaling approximately $2.7
million, for the benefit of HCP, Inc. ( HCP ) on certain leases between HCP and the Company.    The senior housing communities owned by the
Company and encumbered by mortgage debt are provided as collateral under their respective loan agreements. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, these communities carried a total net book value of approximately $914.0 million and $818.7
million, respectively, with total mortgage loans outstanding, excluding deferred loan costs, of approximately $873.5 million and $775.2 million, respectively.  
 In connection with the Company s loan commitments described above, the Company incurred financing charges that were deferred and amortized over the terms
of the respective notes. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had gross deferred loan costs of approximately $12.2 million and $10.3 million, respectively, which are reflected as a reduction to notes payable within the
Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accumulated amortization was approximately $2.7 million and $1.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company was in compliance with all aspects of its
outstanding indebtedness at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   6. EQUITY   
  Preferred Stock     The Company is authorized to issue
preferred stock in series and to fix and state the voting powers and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof. Such action may be taken by the Company s board of directors without stockholder approval. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock. No preferred
stock was outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     Share Repurchases   
 On January 22, 2009, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program that authorized the Company to purchase up to $10.0 million of
the Company s common stock. Purchases may be made from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or block trades, or by any combination of such methods, in
accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The size, scope and timing of any purchases will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, regulatory and contractual
requirements or consents, and capital availability. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the share repurchase authorization has no stated expiration date. Shares of stock
repurchased under the program will be held as treasury shares. Pursuant to this authorization, during fiscal 2009, the Company purchased 349,800 shares at an average cost of $2.67 per share for a total cost to the Company of approximately $0.9
million. On January 14, 2016, the Company announced that its board of directors approved a continuation of the share repurchase program. Pursuant to this authorization, during the first nine months of fiscal 2016, the Company purchased 144,315
shares of its common stock at an average cost of $17.29 per share for a total cost to the Company of approximately $2.5 million. All such purchases were made in open market transactions. 
  7. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION     The Company recognizes
compensation expense for share-based stock awards to certain employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options and awards of restricted stock, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)
Income based on their fair values.    On May 8, 2007, the Company s stockholders approved the 2007 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan for Capital Senior
Living Corporation (as amended, the  2007 Plan ), which provides for, among other things, the grant of restricted stock awards and stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The 2007 Plan authorizes the Company to
issue up to 4.6 million shares of common stock and the Company has reserved shares of common stock for future issuance pursuant to awards under the 2007 Plan.  
  Stock Options     Although the Company has not granted stock
options in recent years, the Company s stock option program is a long-term retention program that is intended to attract, retain and provide incentives for employees, officers and directors and to more closely align stockholder interests with
those of our employees and directors. The Company s stock options generally vest over a period of one to five years and the related expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  
 A summary of the Company s stock option activity and related information for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, is presented below:  
   
   There were no stock options outstanding or exercisable at September 30, 2016.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Restricted Stock   
 The Company may grant restricted stock awards and units to employees, officers, and directors in order to attract, retain, and provide incentives for such
individuals and to more closely align stockholder and employee interests. For restricted stock awards and units without performance-based vesting conditions, the Company records compensation expense for the entire award on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period, which is generally a period of one to four years, unless the award is subject to certain accelerated vesting requirements. Restricted stock awards are considered outstanding at the time of grant since the holders
thereof are entitled to dividends, upon vesting, and voting rights. For restricted stock awards with performance-based vesting conditions, total compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche
of the award as if the award is, in substance, multiple awards once the performance target is deemed probable of achievement. Performance goals are evaluated periodically, and if such goals are not ultimately met or it is not probable the goals will
be achieved, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed.    The Company recognizes compensation
expense of a restricted stock award and unit over its respective vesting or performance period based on the fair value of the award on the grant date, net of forfeitures. A summary of the Company s restricted stock awards activity and related
information for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, is presented below:      
   The restricted stock outstanding at September 30, 2016 had an intrinsic value of approximately $17.3 million.  
 During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company awarded 628,013 shares of restricted common stock to certain employees and directors of the
Company, of which 199,692 shares were subject to performance-based vesting conditions. The average market value of the common stock on the date of grant was $16.17. These awards of restricted shares vest over a one to four-year period and had an
intrinsic value of approximately $10.2 million on the date of grant.    Additionally, during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company
awarded 8,220 restricted stock units to certain directors of the Company. The average market value of the restricted stock units on the date of grant was $18.25. These awards of restricted stock units vest over a one-year period and had an intrinsic
value of approximately $0.2 million on the date of grant.     Stock-Based Compensation   
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the grant date fair value of its stock options. The Black-Scholes model requires the input
of certain assumptions including expected volatility, expected dividend yield, expected life of the option and the risk free interest rate. The expected volatility used by the Company is based primarily on an analysis of historical prices of the
Company s common stock. The expected term of options granted is based primarily on historical exercise and vesting patterns on the Company s outstanding stock options. The risk free rate is based on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury yields in
effect at the date of grant with the same period as the expected option life. The Company does not currently plan to pay dividends on its common stock and therefore has used a dividend yield of zero in determining the fair value of its awards. The
option forfeiture rate assumption used by the Company, which affects the expense recognized as opposed to the fair value of the awards, is based primarily on the Company s historical option forfeiture patterns. The Company issued no stock
options during each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated
forfeitures, is $11.0 million as of September 30, 2016, and the Company expects this expense to be recognized over a one-year period for performance stock awards and a one to four-year period for nonperformance stock awards and units.  
  8. CONTINGENCIES     The Company has claims incurred in the
normal course of its business. Most of these claims are believed by management to be covered by insurance, subject to normal reservations of rights by the insurance companies and possibly subject to certain exclusions in the applicable insurance
policies. Whether or not covered by insurance, these claims, in the opinion of management, based on advice of legal counsel, should not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company if determined adversely to the
Company.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   9. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   
 The carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, are as follows (in thousands):  
   
   The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating the Company s fair value disclosures for financial
instruments:     Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash:  The carrying amounts reported in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets
for cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate fair value, which represent level 1 inputs as defined in the accounting standards codification.  
  Notes payable:  The fair value of notes payable is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on current incremental borrowing rates for
similar types of borrowing arrangements, which represent level 2 inputs as defined in the accounting standards codification.    The estimated fair value of
these assets and liabilities could be affected by market changes and this effect could be material.     10. SUBSEQUENT EVENT   
 Effective November 2, 2016, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior living community located in Cincinnati, Ohio, for approximately $29.0 million. The
community consists of 45 independent living units and 77 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $22.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed rate of 4.24% with a
 10-year  term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources. The Company has not yet completed its initial purchase price allocation for this transaction.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.      Certain information contained in this report constitutes  Forward-Looking Statements  within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will, 
 would,   intend,   could,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate  or  continue  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology.
The Company cautions readers that forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the Company s future business prospects, revenues, working capital, liquidity, capital needs, interest costs, and income, are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, due to several important factors herein identified. These factors include the Company s ability to
find suitable acquisition properties at favorable terms, financing, licensing, business conditions, risks of downturn in economic conditions generally, satisfaction of closing conditions such as those pertaining to licensure, availability of
insurance at commercially reasonable rates, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations, among others, and other risks and factors identified from time to time in the Company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ).      Overview     The
following discussion and analysis addresses (i) the Company s results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (ii) liquidity and capital resources of the Company, and should be read in
conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 The Company is one of the largest operators of senior housing communities in the United States. The Company s operating strategy is to provide value
to its senior living residents by providing quality senior living services at reasonable prices, while achieving and sustaining a strong, competitive position within its geographically concentrated regions, as well as continuing to enhance the
performance of its operations. The Company provides senior housing services to the elderly, including independent living, assisted living, and home care services. Many of the Company s communities meet its residents  needs as they change
over time by integrating independent living and assisted living and is bridged by home care through independent home care agencies or the Company s home care agency, sustaining residents  autonomy and independence based on their physical
and mental abilities.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company operated 128 senior housing communities in 23 states with an aggregate capacity of
approximately 16,100 residents, including 78 senior housing communities that the Company owned and 50 senior housing communities that the Company leased. 
  Significant Financial and Operational Highlights     The
Company primarily derives its revenue by providing senior housing services to the elderly. When comparing the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company generated total revenues of approximately $111.4 million
compared to total revenues of approximately $104.4 million, respectively, representing an increase of approximately $7.0 million, or 6.7%. The increase in revenues primarily results from the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during
or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 slightly offset by the sale of one senior housing community during the third quarter of fiscal 2015.  
 The weighted average financial occupancy rate for our consolidated senior housing communities for the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015 was 87.8% and
88.4%, respectively. We experienced an increase in average monthly rental rates for our consolidated senior housing communities of 3.3% when comparing the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. On a same-store basis, the
weighted average financial occupancy rate for our consolidated senior housing communities for the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015 was 87.9% and 88.4%, respectively. We also experienced an increase in average monthly rental rates on a
same-store basis for our consolidated senior housing communities of 2.3% when comparing the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. 
 Effective September 30, 2016, the Company closed the Springfield Transaction and acquired one senior housing community located in Springfield, Massachusetts
for $27.0 million. The community consists of 97 independent living units and 90 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for $20.3 million of the acquisition price at a fixed rate of 4.10% with a  10-year  term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  Effective September 27, 2016, the Company closed the Kingwood Transaction and acquired one senior housing
community located in Kingwood, Texas for $18.0 million. The community consists of 96 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $13.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed rate of 4.13% with a 15-year term
with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental
mortgage financing of approximately $3.5 million from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85% on one senior housing community located in Jeffersonville, Indiana, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan
is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.    On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing
of approximately $3.8 million from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85% on one senior housing community located in Irving, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in May 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and
cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.    On August 2, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $2.1 million
from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.97% on one senior housing community located in Conroe, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the
original mortgage debt.    Effective July 31, 2016, the Company extended the maturity of its mortgage loan with Berkadia on one of its senior housing
communities located in Canton, Ohio. The maturity date was extended from July 10, 2017 to July 10, 2018 with an initial variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.50% with principal amortized over 25 years.  
 On June 15, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $16.9 million from Fannie Mae on four senior housing communities
located in Texas, two senior housing communities located in Ohio, and one senior housing community located in Missouri at a fixed interest rate of 4.98% which are coterminous with the original mortgage debt on each respective property maturing in
July 2024. The supplemental mortgage loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.    On May 3, 2016, the Company drew
down approximately $2.6 million of supplemental funding proceeds from Protective Life associated with the Indianapolis Transaction at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a 10-year term and principal amortized over a
 30-year  term. The loan commitment was based on certain funding requirements being met and was available to the Company through February 28, 2018.  
 Effective February 16, 2016, the Company closed the Pensacola Transaction and acquired two senior housing communities located in Pensacola, Florida for $48.0
million. The two communities consist of 179 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life for $35.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.38% with a 10-year term with the balance of the
acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.    Effective January 26, 2016, the Company closed the Pine Ridge Transaction and
acquired three senior housing communities located in Colby, Park Falls, and Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, for approximately $16.8 million. The three communities consist of 138 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Protective Life
for $11.3 million of the acquisition price at a fixed interest rate of 4.50% with a 10-year term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

    Facility Lease Transactions    
 The Company currently leases 50 senior housing communities from certain real estate investment trusts ( REITs ), 48 of which are accounted for as
operating leases and two of which are accounted for as capital lease and financing obligations. The lease terms are generally for 10-15 years with renewal options for 5-20 years at the Company s option. Under these agreements, the Company is
responsible for all operating costs, maintenance and repairs, insurance and property taxes. The following table summarizes each of the Company s facility lease agreements as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in millions):  

(1) 
 Initial lease rates are measured against agreed upon fair market values and are subject to conditional lease escalation provisions as set forth in each respective lease agreement.    

(2) 
 Lease acquisition and modification costs are being amortized over the respective lease terms.    

(3) 
 Deferred gains of $34.9 million and lease concessions of $2.6 million are being recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income as a reduction in facility lease
expense over the respective lease terms. Lease concessions of $0.6 million relate to the lease transaction with HCP, Inc. ( HCP ) on May 31, 2006, and of $2.0 million relate to the lease transaction with Welltower on September 10,
2010.    

(4) 
 Effective June 17, 2015, the Company executed amendments to the master lease agreements with Ventas to facilitate up to $24.5 million of leasehold improvements for 10 of the leased communities and extend the lease
terms through September 30, 2025, with two 5-year renewal extensions available at the Company s option. Additionally, effective June 30, 2016, the Company executed amendments to the master lease agreements with Ventas to increase the
Special Project Funds for leasehold improvements to $28.5 million and extend the date for completion of the improvements to June 30, 2017.   

(5) 
 On November 11, 2013, the Company executed an amendment to the master lease agreement associated with nine of its leased communities with HCP to facilitate up to $3.3 million of leasehold improvements for one of the
leased communities and extend the respective lease terms through October 31, 2020, with two 10-year renewal extensions available at the Company s option.    

(6) 
 On April 24, 2015, the Company exercised its right to extend the lease term with HCP through April 30, 2026, with one  10-year  renewal extension remaining available at the
Company s option.     Facility lease expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income
includes rent expense plus amortization expense relating to leasehold acquisition costs offset by the amortization of deferred gains and lease incentives. There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in the Company s lease
agreements. The Company was in compliance with all of its lease covenants at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

    Recent Accounting Developments    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 amends the existing
accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. ASU 2016-02 will be effective beginning in 2019. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02
as of its issuance is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on our consolidated financial statements.    In September 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for the measurement-period adjustment
retrospectively. Instead, acquirers must recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the amounts, including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting
had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. The Company adopted
the provisions of ASU 2015-16 on January 1, 2016, and incorporated the provisions of this update to its consolidated financial statements upon adoption. During the first nine months of fiscal 2016, valuation adjustments resulted in the Company
reclassifying approximately $1.7 million from other assets to property and equipment to reflect purchase price allocation adjustments. As a result of adoption of ASU 2015-16, prior periods were not adjusted and recast to reflect this
reclassification within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.    In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This ASU requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are
issued and to provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and
subsequent interim reporting periods. Management does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on the company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with
customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets. Under ASU 2014-09, an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.     Website   
 The Company s Internet website,  www.capitalsenior.com,  contains an Investor Relations section, which provides links to the Company s annual
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and Section 16 filings and any amendments to those reports and filings. These reports and filings are available free of charge through the
Company s Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following table sets forth for the periods indicated selected Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income data in thousands of
dollars and expressed as a percentage of total revenues.      
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
  Revenues.     Resident revenue was $111.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $104.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, representing an increase of $7.0 million, or 6.7%. The increase in resident revenue primarily results from an increase of $6.0 million
from the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase of $1.3 million due to a 2.3% increase in average monthly rental rates at the Company s other consolidated
same-store communities, slightly offset by a decrease of $0.3 million due to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction.     Expenses.   
 Total expenses were $107.8 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to $98.7 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, representing an increase
of $9.0 million, or 9.1%. This increase is primarily the result of a $6.0 million increase in operating expenses, a $1.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, a $1.0 million increase in general and administrative expenses,
a $0.2 million increase in facility lease expense, and a $0.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense.      

The increase in operating expenses primarily results from an increase of $4.4 million from the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase
of $1.9 million at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities primarily due to increased wages and benefits to employees for annual merit increases and incremental costs to support changes in occupancy with more of our residents at
higher levels of care, partially offset by a decrease of $0.3 million due to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction.   
      20  

Table of Contents  

The increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily results from an increase of $3.1 million from senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015
and an increase of $1.0 million due to an increase in depreciable assets at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities, partially offset by a decrease in in-place lease amortization of $2.5 million from senior housing
communities acquired by the Company prior to the third quarter of fiscal 2015.        

The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily results from an increase in employee insurance benefits and claims paid which resulted in higher health insurance costs to the Company.    

The increase in facility lease expense primarily results from contingent annual rental rate escalations for certain existing facility leases.    

The increase in stock-based compensation expense results from the Company granting additional shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units to certain employees and directors of the Company, some of which
required accelerated expense recognition, subsequent to or during the third quarter of fiscal 2015.       Other income and expense.   

Interest income generally reflects interest earned on the investment of cash balances and escrowed funds or interest associated with certain income tax refunds or property tax settlements.    

Interest expense increased $1.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 when compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 primarily due to an increase of $1.1 million from the additional mortgage debt associated
with the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase of $0.5 million at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities due to additional mortgage debt
added by the Company associated with certain refinancings and supplemental loans that occurred subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015.        

Gain on disposition of assets of $6.4 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2015 is primarily attributable to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction which closed on August 6, 2015.    
  Provision for income taxes.     Provision for income taxes
for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 was $0.1 million, or 1.8% of loss before income taxes, compared to a provision for income taxes of $0.1 million, or 4.6% of income before income taxes, for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. The effective tax
rates for the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015 differ from the statutory tax rates due to state income taxes, permanent tax differences, and changes in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. The Company is impacted by the Texas Margin Tax
( TMT ), which effectively imposes tax on modified gross revenues for communities within the State of Texas. During the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company consolidated 38 and 37 Texas communities, respectively, and the TMT
increased the overall provision for income taxes. Management regularly evaluates the future realization of deferred tax assets and provides a valuation allowance, if considered necessary, based on such evaluation. As part of the evaluation,
management has evaluated taxable income in carryback years, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, feasible tax planning strategies, and future expectations of income. Based upon this evaluation, adjustments to the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance of $3.0 million and $(1.3 million) were recorded during the third quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, to adjust the Company s net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
    Net (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income.   
 As a result of the foregoing factors, the Company reported net loss and comprehensive loss of $(7.1 million) for the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to net income and comprehensive income of $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The retained deficit currently reported within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets is primarily the accumulated
result of the Company recognizing accelerated amortization expense of $76.7 million through September 30, 2016, associated with in-place leases from the Company s acquisition program which began during fiscal 2010.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
  Revenues.     Resident revenue was $331.6 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $304.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing an increase of $27.0 million, or 8.9%. The increase in resident revenue primarily results from an increase of $23.5 million
from the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase of $6.0 million due to a 2.3% increase in average monthly rental rates and 0.2% increase in financial occupancies at
the Company s other consolidated same-store communities, slightly offset by a decrease of $2.6 million due to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction and Four Property Sale Transaction.  
  Expenses.     Total expenses were $318.0 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $291.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing an increase of $26.4 million, or 9.1%. This increase is primarily the result of a $18.8 million increase in operating
expenses, a $5.1 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, a $1.5 million increase in general and administrative expenses, a $0.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, and a $0.3 million increase in facility lease
expense.      

The increase in operating expenses primarily results from an increase of $16.1 million from the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the first nine months of fiscal 2015 and an
increase of $4.7 million at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities primarily due to increased wages and benefits to employees for annual merit increases as well as the incremental costs to support increased occupancies and
changes in occupancies with more of our residents at higher levels of care, partially offset by a decrease of $2.0 million due to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction and Four Property Sale Transaction.    

The increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily results from an increase of $9.8 million from senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the first nine months of fiscal
2015 and an increase of $2.7 million due to an increase in depreciable assets at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities, partially offset by a decrease in in-place lease amortization of $7.2 million from senior housing
communities acquired by the Company prior to the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and a decrease of $0.3 million due to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction and Four Property Sale Transaction.    

The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily results from an increase of $1.2 million in employee insurance benefits and claims paid which resulted in higher health insurance costs to the Company and an
increase of $0.3 million in wages and benefits for existing employee annual merit increases and additional employees hired subsequent to or during the first nine months of fiscal 2015.    

The increase in stock-based compensation expense results from the Company granting additional shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units to certain employees and directors of the Company, some of which
required accelerated expense recognition, subsequent to or during the first nine months of fiscal 2015.        

The increase in facility lease expense primarily results from contingent annual rental rate escalations for certain existing facility leases.    
  Other income and expense.       

Interest income generally reflects interest earned on the investment of cash balances and escrowed funds or interest associated with certain income tax refunds or property tax settlements.    

Interest expense increased $4.9 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2016 when compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2015 primarily due to an increase of $3.9 million from the additional mortgage debt
associated with the senior housing communities acquired by the Company during or subsequent to the first nine months of fiscal 2015 and an increase of $1.3 million at the Company s other consolidated same-store communities due to
additional mortgage debt added by the Company associated with certain refinancings and supplemental loans that occurred subsequent to the first nine months of fiscal 2015, slightly offset by a decrease of $0.2 million due to the Sedgwick Sale
Transaction and Four Property Sale Transaction.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

Write-off of deferred loan costs and prepayment premiums in fiscal 2015 is primarily attributable to the early repayment of certain mortgage debt on the Company s owned senior housing communities due to scheduled
maturities and the opportunity to replace interim variable interest rate debt with long-term fixed interest rate financing.       

Gain on disposition of assets in fiscal 2015 is primarily attributable to the Sedgwick Sale Transaction slightly offset with final closing cost adjustments associated with the Four Property Sale
Transaction.       

Other income in fiscal 2016 represents payments received by the Company associated with certain legal settlements.   
  Provision for income taxes.     Provision for income taxes
for the first nine months of fiscal 2016 was $0.4 million, or 2.3% of loss before income taxes, compared to a provision for income taxes of $0.7 million, or 9.1% of loss before income taxes, for the first nine months of fiscal 2015. The effective
tax rates for the first nine months of fiscal 2016 and 2015 differ from the statutory tax rates due to state income taxes, permanent tax differences, and changes in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. During the first nine months of fiscal
2015, the Company incurred $0.3 million in additional income taxes due to the taxable gain realized from the Four Property Sale Transaction. The Company is impacted by the TMT, which effectively imposes tax on modified gross revenues for communities
within the State of Texas. During the first nine months of fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company consolidated 38 and 37 Texas communities, respectively, and the TMT increased the overall provision for income taxes. Management regularly evaluates the
future realization of deferred tax assets and provides a valuation allowance, if considered necessary, based on such evaluation. As part of the evaluation, management has evaluated taxable income in carryback years, future reversals of taxable
temporary differences, feasible tax planning strategies, and future expectations of income. Based upon this evaluation, adjustments to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance of $6.4 million and $3.1 million were recorded during the first
nine months of fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, to reduce the Company s net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.  
  Net loss and comprehensive loss.     As a result of the
foregoing factors, the Company reported net loss and comprehensive loss of $(17.5 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net loss and comprehensive loss of $(8.3 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The retained
deficit currently reported within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets is primarily the accumulated result of the Company recognizing accelerated amortization expense of $76.7 million through September 30, 2016, associated with in-place
leases from the Company s acquisition program which began during fiscal 2010.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 In addition to approximately $29.8 million of unrestricted cash balances on hand as of September 30, 2016, the Company s principal sources of liquidity
are expected to be cash flows from operations, supplemental debt financings, additional proceeds from debt refinancings, equity issuances, and/or proceeds from the sale of assets. The Company expects its available cash and cash flows from
operations, supplemental debt financings, additional proceeds from debt refinancings, and proceeds from the sale of assets to be sufficient to fund its short-term working capital requirements. The Company s long-term capital requirements,
primarily for acquisitions and other corporate initiatives, could be dependent on its ability to access additional funds through joint ventures and the debt and/or equity markets. The Company, from time to time, considers and evaluates transactions
related to its portfolio including supplemental debt financings, debt refinancings, equity issuances, purchases and sales of assets, reorganizations and other transactions. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to generate cash
flows at or above current levels or that the Company will be able to obtain the capital necessary to meet the Company s short and long-term capital requirements.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  In summary, the Company s cash flows were as follows (in thousands):  
   
    Operating activities.   
 The net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily results from net non-cash charges of $59.5 million and a
decrease in property tax and insurance deposits of $1.2 million, partially offset by net loss of $(17.5 million), an increase in prepaid expenses of $2.1 million, a decrease in accrued expenses of $1.6 million, a decrease in accounts payable of
$1.1 million, a decrease in deferred resident revenue of $0.8 million, and an increase in other assets of $0.5 million. The net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily results from
net  non-cash  charges of $42.9 million, a decrease in prepaid expenses of $2.1 million, and an increase in accrued expenses of $2.7 million, partially offset by net loss of $(8.3 million), an increase
in accounts receivable of $3.2 million, a decrease in accounts payable of $1.9 million, and a decrease in deferred resident revenue of $1.5 million.  
  Investing activities.     The net cash used in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily results from capital expenditures of $47.3 million and acquisitions of senior housing communities by the Company of $109.8 million. The net cash used in investing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily results from capital expenditures of $23.7 million and acquisitions of senior housing communities by the Company of $124.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the Sedgwick Sale Transaction
and Four Property Sale Transaction of $43.5 million.     Financing activities.   
 The net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily results from notes payable proceeds of $112.5 million, of
which approximately $79.6 million is related to new mortgage debt associated with the acquisition of senior housing communities by the Company, approximately $28.8 million related to supplemental mortgage debt obtained on existing senior housing
communities, and approximately $4.1 million related to insurance premium financing, partially offset by repayments of notes payable of $12.9 million, purchases of treasury stock of $2.5 million, deferred financing charges paid of $1.8 million,
and payments on capital lease and financing obligations of $1.0 million. The net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily results from notes payable proceeds of $150.0 million, of which
approximately $90.1 million is related to new mortgage debt associated with the acquisition of senior housing communities by the Company, approximately $1.5 million related to insurance premium financing, and the remaining $58.4 million
resulted from supplemental financings, mortgage refinancings, or new mortgage debt obtained on existing unencumbered senior housing communities, partially offset by repayments of notes payable of $78.7 million, deferred financing charges paid
of $2.1 million, additions to restricted cash of $0.9 million, and payments on capital lease and financing obligations of $0.7 million.     Debt
transactions.     On September 30, 2016, in conjunction with the Springfield Transaction, the Company obtained $20.3 million of mortgage debt from Fannie
Mae. The new mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.10% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a  30-year  term.  
 On September 27, 2016, in conjunction with the Kingwood Transaction, the Company obtained $13.0 million of mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new
mortgage loan has a 15-year term with a 4.13% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a  30-year  term.  
 On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $3.5 million from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85%
on one senior housing community located in Jeffersonville, Indiana, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.  
 On September 23, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $3.8 million from Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.85%
on one senior housing community located in Irving, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in May 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  On August 2, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $2.1 million from
Fannie Mae at a fixed interest rate of 4.97% on one senior housing community located in Conroe, Texas, with existing mortgage debt maturing in April 2022. The supplemental mortgage loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original
mortgage debt.    Effective July 31, 2016, the Company extended the maturity of its mortgage loan with Berkadia on one of its senior housing communities
located in Canton, Ohio. The maturity date was extended from July 10, 2017 to July 10, 2018 with an initial variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.50% with principal amortized over 25 years.  
 On June 15, 2016, the Company completed supplemental mortgage financing of approximately $16.9 million from Fannie Mae on four senior housing communities
located in Texas, two senior housing communities located in Ohio, and one senior housing community located in Missouri at a fixed interest rate of 4.98% which are coterminous with the original mortgage debt on each respective property maturing in
July 2024. The supplemental mortgage loans are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with the original mortgage debt.    On May 3, 2016, the Company drew
down approximately $2.6 million of supplemental funding proceeds from Protective Life associated with the Indianapolis Transaction at a fixed interest rate of 4.25% with a 10-year term and principal amortized over a
 30-year  term. The loan commitment was based on certain funding requirements being met and was available to the Company through February 28, 2018.  
 On February 16, 2016, in conjunction with the Pensacola Transaction, the Company obtained $35.0 million of mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new
mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.38% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a 30-year term.    On January 26, 2016, in conjunction
with the Pine Ridge Transaction, the Company obtained approximately $11.3 million of mortgage debt from Protective Life. The new mortgage loan has a 10-year term with a 4.50% fixed interest rate and the principal amortized over a 30-year term.  
 The Company issued standby letters of credit, totaling approximately $3.9 million, for the benefit of Hartford associated with the administration of workers
compensation.    The Company issued standby letters of credit, totaling approximately $6.6 million, for the benefit of Welltower on certain leases between
Welltower and the Company.    The Company issued standby letters of credit, totaling approximately $2.7 million, for the benefit of HCP on certain leases
between HCP and the Company.     Recent Developments   
 Effective November 2, 2016, the Company closed the acquisition of one senior living community located in Cincinnati, Ohio, for approximately $29.0 million. The
community consists of 45 independent living units and 77 assisted living units. The Company obtained financing from Fannie Mae for approximately $22.0 million of the acquisition price at a fixed rate of 4.24% with a
 10-year  term with the balance of the acquisition price paid from the Company s existing cash resources. The Company has not yet completed its initial purchase price allocation for this transaction.  
    Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
 The Company s primary market risk is exposure to changes in interest rates on debt and lease instruments. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$876.7 million in outstanding debt comprised of various fixed and variable interest rate debt instruments of $864.9 million and $11.8 million, respectively. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the Company had $539.6 million in future
facility lease obligations with contingent rent increases on certain leases based on changes in the consumer price index or certain operational performance measures.  
 Changes in interest rates would affect the fair market values of the Company s fixed interest rate debt instruments, but would not have an impact on the
Company s earnings or cash flows. Fluctuations in interest rates on the Company s variable interest rate debt instruments, which are tied to LIBOR, would affect the Company s earnings and cash flows but would not affect the fair
market values of the variable interest rate debt. Each percentage point increase in interest rates would impact the Company s annual interest expense by approximately $0.1 million based on the Company s outstanding variable interest rate
debt as of September 30, 2016. Increases in the consumer price index could have an effect on future facility lease expense if the leased community exceeds the contingent rent escalation thresholds set forth in each of the Company s lease
agreements.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
  Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures     The
Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in  Rules 13a-15(e)  and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. The
Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO
and CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    Based upon the controls evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have
concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.    There have not
been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in  Rules 13a-15(f)  and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the Company s fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
    Part II. OTHER INFORMATION       
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.     The Company has claims incurred in the normal course of its business. Most of these claims are believed by management
to be covered by insurance, subject to normal reservations of rights by the insurance companies and possibly subject to certain exclusions in the applicable insurance policies. Whether or not covered by insurance, these claims, in the opinion of
management, based on advice of legal counsel, should not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company if determined adversely to the Company.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

     Item 1A. RISK FACTORS.   
 Our business involves various risks. When evaluating our business the following information should be carefully considered in conjunction with the other
information contained in our periodic filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us currently or that currently we deem to be immaterial also may impair our business operations. If we are unable to prevent events that have
a negative effect from occurring, then our business may suffer. Negative events are likely to decrease our revenue, increase our costs, weaken our financial results and/or decrease our financial strength, and may cause our stock price to decline.
There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
 (c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  
 The following information is provided pursuant to Item 703 of Regulation S-K. The information set forth in the table below reflects shares purchased by the
Company pursuant to its share repurchase program (as described below) as of September 30, 2016.     
   On January 22, 2009, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program that authorized the Company to
purchase up to $10.0 million of the Company s common stock. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the share repurchase authorization has no stated expiration date. On
January 14, 2016, the Company announced that its board of directors approved a continuation of the share repurchase program. All shares that have been acquired by the Company under this program were purchased in open-market transactions. 
    Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   
 Not applicable.       Item 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES.     Not applicable.      
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION.     Not applicable.      
 Item 6. EXHIBITS.     The exhibits to this Form 10-Q are listed on the Exhibit Index page hereof, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 6.
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

Capital Senior Living Corporation  
 
 (Registrant)  

By: 
   
   /s/ Carey P. Hendrickson   

Carey P. Hendrickson  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)  

Date: November 2, 2016  
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   INDEX TO EXHIBITS   
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report. Those exhibits previously filed and incorporated herein by reference are
identified below. Exhibits not required for this report have been omitted.      

Exhibit  
  Number   

Description    

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement No. 333-33379 on Form S-1/A filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on September 8, 1997.)  

3.1.1 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1999,
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)  

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2013.)  

4.1 

2007 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan for Capital Senior Living Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on May 31, 2007.)  

4.2 

First Amendment to 2007 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan for Capital Senior Living Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on May 31, 2007.)  

4.3 

Amended and Restated Second Amendment to 2007 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan for Capital Senior Living Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2015.)  

31.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)  

31.2* 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)  

32.1* 

Certification of Lawrence A. Cohen pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2* 

Certification of Carey P. Hendrickson pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS* 

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

* 
 Filed herewith.    
      29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d248289dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Lawrence A. Cohen,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capital Senior Living Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ Lawrence A. Cohen   
 
 Lawrence A. Cohen  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 2, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d248289dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORPORATION   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Carey P. Hendrickson,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capital Senior Living Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ Carey P. Hendrickson   
 
 Carey P. Hendrickson  
 
 Senior Vice President  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 November 2, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d248289dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of Capital Senior Living Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lawrence A. Cohen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Lawrence A. Cohen   
 
 Lawrence A. Cohen  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d248289dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of Capital Senior Living Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Carey P. Hendrickson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Carey P. Hendrickson   
 
 Carey P. Hendrickson  
 
 Senior Vice President  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 csu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 csu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 csu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 csu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 csu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 csu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

