<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1513856_0001144204-16-134253_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2715216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108285</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>198398</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>526280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1218811</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>612351</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134253.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134253
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neurotrope, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001513856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				463522381
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55275
		FILM NUMBER:		161995404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST 42ND STREET,
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 242-0005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST 42ND STREET,
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BlueFlash Communications, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134253.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452775_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.
20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from __________________
to __________________ 

Commission File Number:    333-172647  

Neurotrope, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Nevada   
       46-3522381    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or
    organization)  
      Identification No.)   

205 East 42 nd  Street,
16 th  Floor  

  New York, NY 10017  

  (973) 242-0005  

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Not Applicable  

(Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x    No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller reporting
    company  
      x   
 
 (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes       No   x  

As of November 10, 2016, there were 49,894,867
shares of the registrant s common stock, $ 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION  

Certain statements in this report contain
or may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, identified by words such as  plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   should,   expect  and similar expressions, include our
expectations and objectives regarding our future financial position, operating results and business strategy. These statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous assumptions and other factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors include,
but are not limited to, our ability to secure suitable financing to continue with our existing business or change our business
and conclude a merger, acquisition or combination with a business prospect, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations,
government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors. Most of these factors
are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. You should consider the areas of risk described in connection
with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Readers should carefully review this report in its entirety, including
but not limited to our financial statements and the notes thereto and the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). We advise
you to carefully review the reports and documents we file from time to time with the SEC, particularly our quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events
or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

OTHER INFORMATION  

When used in this report, the terms,  we, 
the  Company,   our,  and  us  refer to Neurotrope, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly BlueFlash
Communications, Inc., a Florida corporation) and its consolidated subsidiary Neurotrope BioScience, Inc. ( Neurotrope BioScience ). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
      No.    
 
        PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Deficit for the  nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      6   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item
    2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      17   

Item
    3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      26   

Item
    4.  
       Controls and Procedures.   
      26   

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
       Legal Proceedings.   
      27   

Item
    1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
      27   

Item
    2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      27   

Item
    3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      27   

Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      27   

Item
    5.  
       Other Information.   
      27   

Item
    6.  
       Exhibits.   
      27   

Signatures.   
      28   

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

Neurotrope, Inc
and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Neurotrope, Inc.
and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Neurotrope, Inc.
and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Deficit  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Neurotrope, Inc.
and Subsidiary  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NEUROTROPE, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  

Note 1   Organization and
Nature of Planned Business :  

Neurotrope BioScience was incorporated
in Delaware on October 31, 2012. Neurotrope BioScience was formed to advance new therapeutic and diagnostic technologies in the
field of neurodegenerative disease, primarily Alzheimer s disease ( AD ). Neurotrope BioScience is collaborating
with Cognitive Research Enterprises, Inc. (formerly known as the Blanchette Rockefeller Neurosciences Institute, or BRNI) ( CRE ),
a related party, in this process. The exclusive rights to certain technology were licensed by CRE to the Company on February 28,
2013 (see Note 6 below). 

On August 23, 2013, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Neurotrope, Inc. (formerly  BlueFlash Communications, Inc. ), Neurotrope Acquisition, Inc., a corporation
formed in the State of Nevada on August 15, 2013, merged with and into Neurotrope BioScience (the  Reverse Merger ).
Neurotrope BioScience was the surviving corporation in the Reverse Merger and became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary.
All of the outstanding Neurotrope BioScience common stock was converted into shares of Neurotrope, Inc. common stock, par value
$0.0001 per shares (the  Common Stock ) on a one-for-one basis. 

The transaction was accounted
for as a reverse merger and recapitalization with Neurotrope BioScience as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and Neurotrope,
Inc. as the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical
financial statements are those of Neurotrope BioScience and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Neurotrope BioScience,
and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Reverse Merger include the assets and liabilities of Neurotrope
BioScience and Neurotrope, Inc., and the historical operations of Neurotrope, Inc. and Neurotrope BioScience from the closing
date. 

As a result of the Reverse Merger,
Neurotrope, Inc. discontinued its pre-Reverse Merger business and acquired the business of Neurotrope BioScience, which it is
continuing to operate through Neurotrope BioScience. The common stock of Neurotrope, Inc. is traded under the ticker symbol  NTRP.  

Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States (U.S. GAAP) have been condensed or omitted. However, we believe that the disclosures included in these financial
statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this document have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements, and in our opinion
reflect all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation in accordance with GAAP
and SEC regulations for interim financial statements. The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that we will have for any subsequent period. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Note 2   Going Concern:   

The unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. As shown in the consolidated financial statements, we have generated no revenues to date, have
incurred substantial losses and have substantial contractual commitments pursuant to various agreements to which we are a party. 

Our ability to continue existence
is dependent upon our continuing efforts to obtain additional financing to carry out our business plan. We intend to fund our
operations through equity and/or debt financing arrangements and any revenues generated in the future. Any equity financing, if
available, would most likely be significantly dilutive to our current stockholders. However, there can be no assurance that these
arrangements, if any, will be sufficient to fund our ongoing capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements.
The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time.  

There can be no assurance that
any additional financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if at all. These conditions raise substantial
doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies :  

Use of Estimates:  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents:  

The Company considers all highly
liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. At
September 30, 2016, the Company s cash balances exceed the current insured amounts under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

Property and Equipment:  

Property and equipment is capitalized
and depreciated on a straight line basis over the useful life of the asset, which is deemed to be between three and ten years.
Property and equipment consist of the following: 

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $5,187 and $4,659, respectively. 

Research and Development
Costs:  

All research and development
costs, including costs to maintain or expand the Company s patent portfolio licensed from CRE that do not meet the criteria
for capitalization are expensed when incurred. FASB ASC Topic 730 requires companies involved in research and development activities
to capitalize non-refundable advance payments for such services pursuant to contractual arrangements because the right to receive
those services represents an economic benefit. Such capitalized advances will be expensed when the services occur and the economic
benefit is realized. There were no capitalized research and development services at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Income Taxes:  

Income taxes are provided for
the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due and deferred taxes. Deferred
taxes are recognized for differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes
and the tax effects of net operating loss and other carryforwards. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future
tax consequences of those differences and carryforwards, which will either be taxable or deductible when the related assets, liabilities
or carryforwards are recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, based on the weight
of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company applies the provisions
of FASB ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions , which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The standard also provides
guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, and accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transitions. 

The Company has concluded that
there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the accompanying financial statements. The tax period
that is subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions is from October 31, 2012 (inception) through September 30, 2016. 

Risks and Uncertainties:  

The Company operates in an industry
that is subject to rapid technological change, intense competition and significant government regulation. The Company s
operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory and other
risk. Such factors include, but are not necessarily limited to, the results of clinical testing and trial activities, the ability
to obtain regulatory approval, the ability to obtain favorable licensing, manufacturing or other agreements for its product candidates
and the ability to raise capital to achieve strategic objectives. 

Stock Compensation:  

The Company accounts for stock-based
awards to employees in accordance with applicable accounting principles, which requires compensation expense related to share-based
transactions, including employee stock options, to be measured and recognized in the financial statements based on a determination
of the fair value of the stock options. The grant date fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton ( Black-Scholes )
pricing model. For all employee stock options, we recognize expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally
the vesting period of the equity grant). The Company s option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions,
including the expected stock price volatility, expected term, and forfeiture rate. Any changes in these highly subjective assumptions
significantly impact stock-based compensation expense. 

Options awarded to purchase
shares of Common Stock issued to non-employees in exchange for services are accounted for as variable awards in accordance with
applicable accounting principles. Such options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements:  

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842), which requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets by recognizing
a lessee s rights and obligations, while expenses will continue to be recognized in a similar manner to today s legacy
lease accounting guidance. This ASU could also significantly affect the financial ratios used for external reporting and other
purposes, such as debt covenant compliance. This ASU will be effective for January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted.
We are currently in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Stock Compensation  (Topic 718), which includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects
related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The standard is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We are currently in the process of assessing
the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 4   Contractual Commitments :  

On September 4, 2014, the Company
entered into a long-term lease for 4,000 square feet of office space in Newark, New Jersey. The lease commenced on September 1,
2014 and expires on December 1, 2017 and has two (2) one-year renewal options. The base rent is payable, commencing December 1,
2014, at an annual rate of $88,000 with no increases during the lease term and renewal terms. In addition, commencing September
1, 2014, the Company is obligated to pay its share of common area charges. On May 1, 2016, the Company abandoned the lease and
is negotiating with the landlord as to a settlement of amounts due. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has accrued the remainder
of the lease payments for a total of approximately $136,100. 

On August 4, 2016, the Company
reached a settlement agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. and certain of its affiliates
(collectively,  Iroquois ) to settle a proposed consent solicitation pertaining to the reconstitution of the Company s
Board of Directors (the  Board ). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, in consideration for Iroquois agreeing to
discontinue its proposed consent solicitation to reconstitute the Board: (i) Board members Paul Freiman and Jay Haft resigned
from the Board of the Company, its subsidiaries and all committees thereof, effective immediately; (ii) the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, Charles Ramat, entered into a Separation Agreement with the Company (the  Ramat Separation Agreement ),
pursuant to which he agreed to resign, without cause, from the Board and all other positions that he held with the Company, including
Chief Executive Officer and President, on October 3, 2016 or such earlier date as determined by the Board, which date was later
established by the Board as September 1, 2016 (the  Termination Date ) with Mr. Ramat remaining as a consultant to
the Company until February 28, 2018; (iii) the Board appointed each of Mr. Joshua Silverman, former Principal and Managing Partner
of Iroquois Capital Management, LLC, and Dr. Kenneth J. Gorelick, M.D. to the Board; and (iv) the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with SM Capital Management, LLC, a limited liability company owned and controlled by Mr. Joshua Silverman.  

Pursuant to the Ramat Separation
Agreement, Mr. Ramat received his current salary and benefits through the Termination Date, except that his salary was reduced
by $10,000 to $23,333 per month. On the Termination Date, Mr. Ramat received a lump sum severance payment in the amount of $200,000.
The Ramat Separation Agreement further provided that (a) the consulting agreement between Ramat Consulting Group and the Company,
effective February 28, 2013, was automatically restored and became fully effective and reinstated on the same terms and conditions
for the balance of its five year term, which shall expire on February 28, 2018, and pursuant to which consulting fees are to be
paid at the rate of $50,000 per annum, payable monthly, and (b) on the Termination Date, Mr. Ramat s (i) outstanding unvested
stock options, totaling 700,055, immediately vested, notwithstanding that Mr. Ramat, on the previously scheduled vesting dates,
was no longer an employee, director, or service provider to the Company, and (ii) vested options (including those whose vesting
occurs pursuant the preceding clause) shall continue to be exercisable for a period of ten (10) years following the respective
dates of grant of such options. 

In connection with the resignations
of each of Mr. Freiman and Mr. Haft from the Board, the Company entered into a Director Separation Agreement, dated August 4,
2016, with each of Mr. Freiman and Mr. Haft (the  Director Separation Agreements ). Pursuant to such Director Separation
Agreements, each of Mr. Freiman and Mr. Haft s (i) outstanding unvested stock options, totaling 599,596 for both Mr. Freiman
and Mr. Haft, immediately vested, notwithstanding that such director, on the previously scheduled vesting dates, will no longer
be an employee, director, or service provider to the Company, and (ii) vested options (including those whose vesting occurs pursuant
the preceding clause) shall continue to be exercisable for a period of ten (10) years following the respective dates of grant
of such options. 

In addition, on August 4, 2016,
the Company entered into a consulting agreement with SM Capital Management, LLC ( SMCM ), a limited liability company
owned and controlled by Mr. Joshua Silverman (the  Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, SMCM
shall provide consulting services which shall include, but not be limited to, providing business development, financial communications
and management transition services, for a one-year period, subject to annual review thereafter. SMCM s annual consulting
fee is $120,000, payable by the Company in monthly installments of $10,000. In addition, the Consulting Agreement provides that
the Company shall take all actions within its control, including the recommendation of such director nominee by the Nominating
and Governance Committee of the Board, to nominate and appoint one (1) additional member to the Board designated by Mr. Silverman
during the initial consulting term. 

The Company has entered into
an employment agreement with the chief financial officer of the Company. The agreement for this officer has a remaining term as
of September 30, 2016 extending through 2017, providing for an aggregate base salary of approximately $70,000 for the remainder
of 2016 and approximately $210,000 for 2017. 

Note 5   Collaborative Agreements :  

On May 12, 2014, the Company
entered into a license agreement (the  Stanford Agreement ) with The Board of Trustees of The Leland Stanford Junior
University ( Stanford ), pursuant to which Stanford has granted to the Company a revenue-bearing, world-wide right
and exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses (on certain conditions), under certain patent rights and related technology
for the use of bryostatin structural derivatives, known as  bryologs,  for use in the treatment of central nervous
system disorders, lysosomal storage diseases, stroke, cardio protection and traumatic brain injury, for the life of the licensed
patents. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company paid Stanford the annual maintenance fee of $10,000 which will be amortized over the applicable
one-year licensing period. 

On May 15, 2014, the Company
entered into an agreement with a contract research organization ( CRO ) to conduct a clinical trial relating to AD.
The Company had agreed to pay fees to the CRO totaling $715,159, based upon signing of the agreement and the CRO achieving certain
clinical trial milestones, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. On November 19, 2014, the CRO agreement was amended, requiring
the Company to pay a reduced amount totaling $657,238 plus third party pass-through expenses. On June 30, 2016, the Company paid
$150,000 to fully settle its payable to the CRO and has no additional commitment pursuant to this agreement. The Company has incurred
a total of $837,112 in fees. 

On July 14, 2014, Neurotrope
BioScience entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the  Mount Sinai Agreement ) with the Icahn School of Medicine
at Mount Sinai ( Mount Sinai ). Pursuant to the Mount Sinai Agreement, Mount Sinai granted Neurotrope BioScience a
revenue-bearing, world-wide right and (a) exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses (on certain conditions), under
Mount Sinai s interest in certain joint patents held by the Company and Mount Sinai (the  Joint Patents ) as
well as in certain results and data (the  Data Package ) and (b) non-exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses
on certain conditions, to certain technical information, both relating to the diagnostic, prophylactic or therapeutic use for
treating diseases or disorders in humans relying on activation of Protein Kinase C Epsilon ( PKC&epsilon; ), which
includes Niemann-Pick Disease (the  Mount Sinai Field of Use ). The Mount Sinai Agreement allows Neurotrope BioScience
to research, discover, develop, make, have made, use, have used, import, lease, sell, have sold and offer certain products, processes
or methods that are covered by valid claims of Mount Sinai s interest in the Joint Patents or an Orphan Drug Designation
Application covering the Data Package ( Mount Sinai Licensed Product(s) ) in the Mount Sinai Field of Use (as such
terms are defined in the Mount Sinai Agreement). During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid Mount Sinai
$29,400, which represents 75% of total amounts due, for ongoing preclinical research and development work.  

On October 9, 2015, Neurotrope
BioScience executed a Services Agreement (the  Services Agreement ) with WCT, effective as of August 31, 2015. The
Agreement relates to services for Neurotrope BioScience s Phase 2 clinical study assessing the safety, tolerability and
efficacy of bryostatin in the treatment of moderately severe to severe AD (the  Study ). Pursuant to the terms of
the Services Agreement, WCT will provide services to enroll approximately one hundred and fifty (150) Study subjects. The first
Study site was initiated during the fourth quarter of 2015. The total estimated budget for the services, including pass-through
costs, was approximately $11.6 million. Neurotrope BioScience paid WCT an advance payment of $200,000 upon execution of the Services
Agreement. 

On November 11, 2015, Neurotrope
BioScience paid WCT $1,875,861 for the following advance payment: (i) services fees of approximately $928,000; (ii) pass-through
expenses of approximately $268,000; and (iii) investigator/institute fees of approximately $680,000. The remaining payments of
approximately $9.5 million, before amendment as described below, were to be paid over the period from July 2016 through September
2017. Neurotrope BioScience may terminate the Agreement without cause upon 60 days  prior written notice. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s balance sheet includes a payable balance for WCT services of approximately $1.05 million. The Services
Agreement can be terminated by the Company or WTC under certain terms, as described in the Services Agreement. 

On July 27, 2016, we received
approval of the institutional review board ( IRB ) for our amended protocol submitted on July 21, 2016 to the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) relating to the Phase 2 clinical trial of our lead drug candidate, Bryostatin-1,
for the treatment of advanced AD, which amended protocol eliminates the second, exploratory, study period following the first
12 weeks of treatment. The primary objective is the assessment of safety and tolerability of bryostatin to occur at 13 weeks,
which has not been changed with this amendment. The secondary objective is to assess efficacy, also at week 13. The amendment
to cut the exploratory part of the study was made for business reasons in order to provide earlier completion of the study and
for the planning of future studies. The changes to the study design were not due to any safety concerns. 

Also, in connection with the
execution of the Services Agreement, Neurotrope BioScience received consent and entered into a Statement of Work pursuant to its
CRE License Agreement (see Note 6 below). 

Note 6   Related Party Transactions
and Licensing / Research Agreements :  

One director of the Company,
James Gottlieb, was also a director of CRE as of September 30, 2016. William Singer was the president of CRE until April 26, 2016.
CRE is a stockholder of a corporation, Neuroscience Research Ventures, Inc. ( NRVI ), which owned 17.9% of the Company's
outstanding Common Stock as of September 30, 2016. 

Effective October 31, 2012,
Neurotrope BioScience executed a Technology License and Services Agreement (the  TLSA ) with CRE, a related party,
and NRV II, LLC ( NRV II ), another affiliate of CRE, which was amended by Amendment No. 1 to the TLSA as of August
21, 2013. As of February 4, 2015, the parties entered into an Amended and Restated Technology License and Services Agreement (the
 CRE License Agreement ). The CRE License Agreement amended and restated the TLSA, as amended. Under the terms of
the CRE License Agreement, CRE provides research services and has granted Neurotrope BioScience the exclusive and nontransferable
world-wide, royalty-bearing right, with a right to sublicense (in accordance with the terms and conditions described below), under
CRE s and NRV II s respective right, title and interest in and to certain patents and technology owned by CRE or licensed
to NRV II by CRE as of or subsequent to October 31, 2012, to develop, use, manufacture, market, offer for sale, sell, distribute,
import and export certain products or services for therapeutic applications for AD and other cognitive dysfunctions in humans
or animals (the  Field of Use ). Additionally, the TLSA specifies that all patents that issue from a certain patent
application, shall constitute licensed patents and all trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information claimed by such
patents constitute licensed technology under the CRE License. The CRE License Agreement terminates on the later of the date (a)
the last of the licensed patent expires, is abandoned, or is declared unenforceable or invalid or (b) the last of the intellectual
property enters the public domain. After the initial Series A Stock financing, the CRE License Agreement required Neurotrope BioScience
to enter into scope of work agreements with CRE as the preferred service provider for any research and development services or
other related scientific assistance and support services.  

In addition, the CRE License
Agreement requires the Company to pay CRE a  Fixed Research Fee  of $1 million per year for five years, commencing
on the date that the Company completes a Series B Preferred Stock financing resulting in proceeds of at least $25,000,000 (the
 Series B Financing ). This Fixed Research Fee is not yet due. The CRE License Agreement also requires the payment
of royalties ranging between 2% and 5% of the Company s revenues generated from the licensed patents and other intellectual
property, dependent upon the percentage ownership that NRVI holds in the Company. Under the CRE License Agreement, the Company
was required to prepay royalty fees at a rate of 5% of all investor funds raised in the Series A or Series B Stock financings
or any subsequent rounds of financing prior to a public offering, less commissions. 

On November 12, 2015, Neurotrope
BioScience, CRE, and NRV II entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to the TLSA pursuant to which CRE granted
rights in certain technology to Neurotrope BioScience. Under the Amendment, the  Advances on Future Royalties  section
of the TLSA was amended and restated to (i) eliminate the requirement that Neurotrope BioScience pay CRE prepaid royalties equal
to five percent (5%) of financing proceeds received by Neurotrope BioScience in any financing prior to a public offering, and
(ii) provide that Neurotrope BioScience will deliver to CRE, following each closing pursuant to a certain securities purchase
agreement, an amount equal to 2.5% of the Post-PA Fees Proceeds received at such closing. In addition, the Amendment provides
that on or prior to December 31, 2016, Neurotrope Bioscience shall deliver to CRE an amount equal to 2.5% of the aggregate Post-PA
Fee Proceeds received at the closings. Each payment would constitute an advance royalty payment to CRE and will be offset (with
no interest) against the amount of future royalty obligations payable until such time that the amount of such future royalty obligations
equals in full the amount of the advance royalty payments made.  Post-PA Fee Proceeds  means the gross proceeds received,
less all amounts paid to the placement agent(s), in relation to such gross proceeds. No other expenses of Neurotrope Bioscience
shall be subtracted from the gross proceeds to determine the  Post-PA Fee Proceeds.  As of September 30, 2016, the
Company recorded a liability of $348,011 resulting from this Amendment. 

Pursuant to the CRE License
Agreement, on February 4, 2015, Neurotrope BioScience and CRE entered into a new Statement of Work and Account Satisfaction Agreement
(the  February 2015 SOW ). The February 2015 SOW was effective as of October 1, 2014 and ended on September 30, 2015.
In consideration for the February 2015 SOW, CRE agreed to (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to enroll at least four (4)
additional compassionate use or expanded access patients, in trials of CRE s Alzheimer s therapeutic drug platform
during the term of the SOW, (b) perform certain services requested by Neurotrope BioScience for the further development of CRE s
Alzheimer s therapeutic drug platform, (c) perform certain services for the further development of CRE s Alzheimer s
diagnostic test, (d) to the extent permitted by applicable law, transfer all of its rights and regulatory obligations, except
for those relating to the compassionate use expanded access trials, associated with CRE s Investigative New Drug Application
( IND ) 71,276 to Neurotrope BioScience, (e) conduct initial research on the application of its PKC&epsilon; platform
to treat Fragile X disease, (f) conduct initial research on polyunsaturated fatty acid derivatives for the purpose of developing
a commercially usable PKC&epsilon; activator, and (g) provide assistance, advice and other similar services to Neurotrope BioScience
regarding Neurotrope BioScience s analysis of bryologs pursuant to Neurotrope BioScience s agreement with Stanford
University, for purpose of developing a commercially usable PKC&epsilon; activator. Under the CRE License Agreement, Neurotrope
BioScience received a license to certain technology, including rights relating to an in vitro test system based on examination
of skin cells intended to predict the presence of AD in humans (the  AD Diagnostic Test ). Further, under the February
2015 SOW, Neurotrope BioScience s rights to the technology associated with the AD Diagnostic Test automatically reverted
to CRE based on certain contractual conditions on July 10, 2015 and, accordingly, Neurotrope Bioscience no longer has any rights
under the CRE License Agreement for diagnostic applications using the CRE patent portfolio or technology. The remaining terms
and conditions of the CRE License Agreement, including the license of technology associated with Neurotrope BioScience s
PKC activator research (such as bryostatin), remain in full force and effect, in accordance with the conditions thereof. 
For the year ended December 31, 2015, Neurotrope BioScience incurred $2,052,595 in expenses relating to the February 2015 SOW.
The Company is obligated to pay CRE approximately $20,000 for ongoing testing and validation work, which should be completed by
the fourth quarter of 2016. 

On November 12, 2015, Neurotrope
BioScience and CRE entered into a new statement of Work Agreement (the  November 2015 SOW Agreement ) pursuant to
the TLSA. The November 2015 SOW Agreement is effective as of November 1, 2015 and continues until December 31, 2016. Pursuant
to the November 2015 SOW Agreement, Neurotrope BioScience agreed to pay CRE $1,166,666 in service fees payable in the amount of
e$83,333 per month for each month from November 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016. In consideration for the payments made pursuant
to the November 2015 SOW Agreement, CRE shall perform the services requested by Neurotrope BioScience for the further development
of Neurotrope s bryostatin drug platform. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid CRE $750,000
pursuant to the November 2015 SOW Agreement, which is included in the statement of operations as Research and Development  
Related Party. 

On July 28, 2016, CRE filed
a petition for Chapter 11 Reorganization in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of West Virginia. As
part of the bankruptcy filing, CRE asked   the Bankruptcy Court to reject certain executory
contracts including employment agreements with a number of its researchers and other personnel, including, without limitation,
Dr. Daniel Alkon, who is our Chief Scientific Officer and was also the former scientific director of CRE, and who led a team of
CRE scientists who are involved on behalf of CRE in support of the Neurotrope-CRE License Agreement. CRE has not requested that
the Neurotrope-CRE License Agreement itself be rejected. We do not believe that CRE, as a matter of law, has a right to terminate
the Neurotrope-CRE License Agreement as a result of the bankruptcy filing and have been advised by CRE s representatives
that there will be no action regarding the Neurotrope-CRE License and that CRE intends to meet all of its obligations in support
of the Company s work. On September 23, 2016, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of West Virginia
entered an order approving the sale of a substantial amount of CRE's assets to West Virginia University. The Court also entered
an order approving a settlement agreement between Dr. Alkon, CRE and West Virginia University. As part of the asset sale, CRE
sold the BRNI name and all derivatives to West Virginia University. Consequently, the Board of CRE resolved on September 28, 2016
to change its name to Cognitive Research Enterprises, Inc. 

Note 7   Income Taxes :  

The Company incurred a net operating
loss for income tax purposes of approximately $29,000,000 for the period from October 31, 2012 (inception) through September 30,
2016. The net operating loss carryforwards resulted in a deferred tax asset of approximately $10.5 million at September 30, 2016.
Income tax effects of share-based payments are recognized in the financial statements for those awards that will normally result
in tax deductions under existing tax law. Under current U.S. federal tax law, the Company would receive a compensation expense
deduction related to non-qualified stock options only when those options are exercised. Accordingly, the financial statement recognition
of compensation cost for non-qualified stock options creates a deductible temporary difference which results in a deferred tax
asset of approximately $477,000 as of September 30, 2016. The Company does not recognize a tax benefit for compensation expense
related to incentive stock options ( ISOs ) unless the underlying shares are disposed of in a disqualifying disposition.
Accordingly, compensation expense related to ISOs is treated as a permanent difference for income tax purposes. These deferred
tax assets are reduced to zero by an offsetting valuation allowance. As a result, there is no provision for income taxes. 

Note 8   Common Stock:   

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, three holders of 5,422 total shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the  Series B Stock ), converted those shares into 542,200 shares of Common Stock and three holders
of 27,364 warrants exercisable at $0.01 per share of Common Stock exercised their warrants into 27,364 shares of Common Stock 

On April 12, 2016, the stockholders
of the Company approved to increase the number of authorized shares of our Common Stock to 400,000,000 shares. 

Note 9   Stock Options :  

The Board adopted, with the
approval of the Company s stockholders, the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ), which provided for
the issuance of incentive awards of up to 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock (until it was amended as provided below) to officers,
key employees, consultants and directors.  

On July 23, 2014, the Company s
Board approved an increase in the total number of shares available under the 2013 Plan by 3,000,000 to 10,000,000 shares. The
increase was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders on June 9, 2015. 

The following is a summary of
stock option activity under the stock option plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

In connection with the resignations of
Mr. Ramat as President, Chief Executive Officer and director and of Mr. Freiman and Mr. Haft as directors, the Company entered
into separation agreements, dated August 4, 2016, with each of Mr. Ramat, Mr. Freiman and Mr. Haft. Pursuant to such separation
agreements, each of Mr. Ramat s, Mr. Freiman s and Mr. Haft s (i) outstanding unvested stock options, totaling
1,296,329 in the aggregate, immediately vested and (ii) vested options shall continue to be exercisable for a period of ten (10)
years following the respective dates of grant of such options (See Note 4 above.) 

The following is a summary of stock options
outstanding under the plans as of September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, there
were approximately $1.1 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options and restricted stock.
These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.68 years. 

The Company used the Black-Scholes
valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the vesting
period using the straight-line method. 

The fair value of stock options
issued for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was estimated at the grant date using the following weighted average assumptions:
Dividend yield 0%; Volatility 89.50%; Risk-free interest rate 1.60%; weighted average grant date fair value of $0.40 per share.
There is no current allowance for forfeitures. 

The total stock option-based
compensation recorded as operating expense was $964,779 and $387,227 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
For the three months ending September 30, 2016, the totals were $550,092 and $142,212, respectively. All of the stock option-based
compensation expense was classified as stock based compensation expense. On September 28, 2015, the Company s Board amended
the option agreements granted to all its officers and directors to clarify that the options were to be deemed non-qualified stock
options.  

Note 10   Common and Preferred
Stock Reserved for Future Issuances :  

Common stock reserved for future
issuances consisted of the following at September 30, 2016: 

On February 9, 2015, the holders
of placement agent warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,325,000 shares of our Series A Stock entered into Conversion Agreements
with the Company pursuant to which such holders  placement agent warrants to purchase Series A Stock were converted, for
no additional consideration, into common stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,325,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Resulting from the Company s
Series B private placement, the Company is required to reserve shares of Common Stock to accommodate up to an additional 50% issuable
upon potential dilution to the Series B Stock and each the series A, series B, series C, series D and series E Warrants issued
in the Series B private placement plus the placement agent warrants issued as fees relating to the Series B private placement. 

Note 11   Subsequent Events :  

From October 1, 2016 through
November 11, 2016, two holders of the Company s Series B Stock converted a total of 1,477 shares of the Company s Series
B Stock into 144,700 shares of Common Stock. 

From October 1, 2016 through
November 11, 2016, three holders of 7,371 warrants exercisable at $0.01 per share of Common Stock exercised their warrants into
7,371 shares of Common Stock. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes
appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those
discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  included elsewhere in this report and our annual report filed on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Basis of Presentation  

The unaudited financial statements for
our fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include a summary of our significant accounting policies and should be read
in conjunction with the discussion below and our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. 

Overview  

Neurotrope BioScience was founded as a
Delaware corporation in October 2012. Our activities since Neurotrope BioScience s inception through September 30, 2016
have been devoted primarily to the research and development of AD therapeutic products using patented technology and raising capital.
This technology is licensed by us from Cognitive Research Enterprises, Inc. (formerly known as the Blanchette Rockefeller Neurosciences
Institute, or BRNI) ( CRE ), and its affiliate, NRV II, LLC ( NRV II ) pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Technology License and Services Agreement ( CRE License ), entered into on February 4, 2015 and amended on November
12, 2015. Prior to being licensed to us, the technology had been under development by CRE since 1999 and was financed by CRE from
a variety of non-investor sources including not-for-profit foundations, the National Institutes of Health and individual philanthropists
up until March 2013. From March 2013 forward, development of the licensed technology has been funded principally through collaboration
by CRE with Neurotrope BioScience. See the description of Neurotrope BioScience financings below in  Financial Condition,
Liquidity and Capital Resources   Sources and Uses of Liquidity.  The Company has not realized any revenues from its
operations. 

Pursuant to the CRE License, Neurotrope
BioScience maintained its exclusive (except as described below), non-transferable (except pursuant to the CRE License s
assignment provision), world-wide, royalty-bearing right, with a right to sublicense (in accordance with the terms and conditions
described below), under CRE s and NRV II s respective right, title and interest in and to certain patents and technology
owned by CRE or licensed to NRV II, LLC by CRE as of or subsequent to October 31, 2012 to develop, use, manufacture, market, offer
for sale, sell, distribute, import and export certain products or services for therapeutic applications for AD and other cognitive
dysfunctions in humans or animals (the  Field of Use ). Additionally, the CRE License specifies that all patents that
issue from a certain patent application, shall constitute licensed patents and all trade secrets, know-how and other confidential
information claimed by such patents constitute licensed technology under the CRE License. Furthermore, on July 10, 2015 under
the terms of the Statement of Work and Account Satisfaction Agreement dated February 4, 2015, Neurotrope BioScience s rights
relating to an in vitro diagnostic test system reverted to CRE and, accordingly, Neurotrope Bioscience no longer has any rights
under the CRE License for diagnostic applications using the CRE patent portfolio or technology.  

Notwithstanding the above license terms,
CRE and its affiliates retain rights to use the licensed intellectual property in the Field of Use to engage in research and development
and other non-commercial activities and to provide services to Neurotrope BioScience or to perform other activities in connection
with the CRE License. 

Under the CRE License, CRE is a preferred
service provider in certain circumstances and Neurotrope BioScience may not enter into sublicense agreements with third parties
except with CRE s prior written consent, which consent shall not be commercially unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, the
CRE License dated February 4, 2015 revises the agreement that was entered into as of October 31, 2012 and amended on August 21,
2013, in that it provides that any intellectual property developed, conceived or created in connection with a sublicense agreement
that Neurotrope BioScience entered into with a third party pursuant to the terms of the CRE License will be licensed to CRE and
its affiliates for any and all non-commercial purposes, on a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, non-terminable,
fully paid-up, royalty-free, transferable basis, with the right to freely sublicense such intellectual property. Previously, the
agreement had provided that such intellectual property would be assigned to CRE. 

Under the CRE License, CRE and Neurotrope
BioScience will jointly own data, reports and information that is generated on or after February 28, 2013, by Neurotrope BioScience,
on behalf of Neurotrope BioScience by a third party or by CRE pursuant to a statement of work that the parties enter into pursuant
to the CRE License, in each case to the extent not constituting or containing any data, reports or information generated prior
to such date or by CRE not pursuant to a statement of work (the  Jointly Owned Data ). CRE has agreed not to use the
Jointly Owned Data inside or outside the Field of Use for any commercial purpose during the term of the CRE License or following
any expiration of the CRE License other than an expiration that is the result of a breach by Neurotrope BioScience of the CRE
License that caused any licensed patent to expire, become abandoned or be declared unenforceable or invalid or caused any licensed
technology to enter the public domain (a  Natural Expiration ), provided, however, CRE may use the Jointly Owned Data
inside or outside the Field of Use for any commercial purpose following any termination of the CRE License. Also, CRE granted
Neurotrope BioScience a license during the term and following any Natural Expiration, to use certain CRE data in the Field of
Use for any commercial purposes falling within the scope of the license granted to Neurotrope BioScience under the CRE License. 

The CRE License further requires us to
pay CRE (i) a fixed research fee equal to a pro rata amount of $1 million in the year during which we close on a Series B Preferred
Stock financing resulting in proceeds of at least $25 million, (ii) a fixed research fee of $1 million per year for each of the
five calendar years following the completion of such financing and (iii) an annual fixed research fee in an amount to be negotiated
and agreed upon no later than 90 days prior to the end of the fifth calendar year following the completion of such financing to
be paid with respect to each remaining calendar year during the term of the CRE License. This fixed research fee is not yet due. 

On November 12, 2015, we entered into
an amendment to the CRE License. Pursuant to the amendment, we paid an aggregate of approximately $348,000 to CRE following the
closings of the Series B private placement, which constituted an advance royalty payment to CRE and will be offset (with no interest)
against the amount of future royalty obligations payable until such time that the amount of such future royalty obligations equals
in full the amount of the advance royalty payments made. 

The term of the CRE License continues
until the later of the date (i) the last of the licensed patents expires, is abandoned or is declared unenforceable or invalid
(in each case, determined in accordance with the CRE License) and (ii) the last of the licensed technology enters the public domain.
Either party has the right to terminate the CRE License after 30 days prior notice in certain circumstances, including if either
party were to materially breach any provisions of the CRE License and does not cure such material breach within 60-days from notice
of such material breach from the non-breaching party, and for breaches that are capable of being cured, in the event of certain
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. 

Concurrently with the November 12, 2015
amendment to the CRE License, Neurotrope Bioscience entered into a new Statement of Work Agreement pursuant to the CRE License
Agreement (the  November 2015 SOW Agreement ). The November 2015 SOW Agreement replaced the February 2015 SOW Agreement,
which was effective as of October 1, 2014 and expired on September 30, 2015. 

Pursuant to the November 2015 SOW Agreement,
Neurotrope Bioscience agreed to pay CRE one million one hundred sixty-six thousand six hundred sixty-six dollars ($1,166,666)
in service fees payable in the amount of eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three dollars ($83,333) per month for each
month from November 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016. The payments under the November 2015 SOW Agreement will satisfy Neurotrope
Bioscience s obligations to reimburse CRE pursuant to Section 5.6 of the CRE License for any and all attorneys  fees,
translation costs, filing fees, maintenance fees, and other costs and expenses related to applying for, filing, prosecuting, and
maintaining patents and applications for the licensed intellectual property incurred by CRE during the term of the November 2015
SOW Agreement (but, for the avoidance of doubt, such payments shall not satisfy any attorneys  fees, translation costs,
filing fees, maintenance fees, or other costs or expenses related to applying for, filing, prosecuting, and maintaining patents
and applications for the licensed intellectual property incurred by CRE after the expiration or termination of the November 2015
SOW Agreement term), as well as any litigation costs which CRE may incur related to any of the licensed intellectual property
during the November 2015 SOW Agreement term. CRE shall not commence any litigation to enforce the licensed intellectual property
without the consent of Neurotrope Bioscience (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or denied).  

In consideration for the payments made
pursuant to the November 2015 SOW Agreement, CRE shall perform the services requested by Neurotrope Bioscience for the further
development of Neurotrope s bryostatin drug platform. In addition, under the terms of the November 2015 SOW Agreement, CRE
may enroll one additional compassionate use, in addition to the compassionate use patient (who has currently completed a compassionate
use trial) in trials of CRE s Alzheimer s therapeutic drug platform during the November 2015 SOW Agreement term, and
the payments set forth above, shall satisfy any and all of Neurotrope Bioscience s obligation whatsoever to CRE or to any
other third party for costs incurred or to be incurred by CRE relating to such trials. Neurotrope Bioscience and CRE shall jointly
review protocols which shall be established to the parties  mutual satisfaction and contain appropriate safety measures
to be employed by the treating physician. No additional compassionate use or expanded access patients will be enrolled by CRE
without the consent of Neurotrope Bioscience. 

On July 28, 2016, CRE filed a petition
for Chapter 11 Reorganization in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of West Virginia. As part of the
bankruptcy filing, CRE asked the Bankruptcy Court to reject certain executory contracts including employment agreements with a
number of its researchers and other personnel, including, without limitation, Dr. Daniel Alkon, who is our President and Chief
Scientific Officer and was also the former scientific director of CRE, and who led a team of CRE scientists who are principally
involved on behalf of CRE in support of the Neurotrope-CRE License Agreement. CRE has not requested that the Neurotrope-CRE License
Agreement itself be rejected. We do not believe that CRE, as a matter of law, has a right to terminate the CRE License Agreement
as a result of the bankruptcy filing and have been advised by CRE s representatives that there will be no action regarding
the Neurotrope-CRE license and that CRE intends to meet all of its obligations in support of the Company s work. On September
23, 2016, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of West Virginia entered an order approving the sale of
a substantial amount of CRE's assets to West Virginia University. The Court also entered an order approving a settlement agreement
between Dr. Alkon, CRE and West Virginia University. As part of the asset sale, CRE sold the Blanchette Rockefeller Neurosciences
Institute, or BRNI, name and all derivatives to West Virginia University. Consequently, the Board of CRE resolved on September
28, 2016 to change its name to Cognitive Research Enterprises, Inc. 

On May 12, 2014, we entered into a license
agreement (the  Stanford Agreement ), with The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University ( Stanford )
pursuant to which Stanford granted us a revenue-bearing, world-wide right and exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses
(on certain conditions), under certain patent rights and related technology for the use of bryostatin structural derivatives,
known as  bryologs,  for use in the treatment of central nervous system disorders, lysosomal storage diseases, stroke,
cardio protection and traumatic brain injury, for the life of the licensed patents. Pursuant to the Stanford Agreement, we paid
a $60,000 license initiation fee to Stanford. We currently pay Stanford a $10,000 annual license maintenance fee, and will pay
milestone payments in the aggregate amount of up to $3,700,000 upon the achievement of certain product development events commencing
upon the filing of the first IND application through approval of an applicable product, as well as low single-digit royalties
on net sales of the licensed products. Each party has the right to terminate the Stanford Agreement for an uncured material breach
of the other party. Additionally, we may terminate the Stanford Agreement at any time upon 60 days written notice to Stanford. 

On July 29, 2014, we announced that we
initiated our Phase 2a clinical trial to evaluate bryostatin for the treatment of patients with AD. The trial was being conducted
under an IND application filed by CRE. CRE transferred its rights and obligations arising under such IND application to us on
February 4, 2015. We enrolled a total of nine patients in the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single dose study.
Six patients were randomized to receive bryostatin by injection and three received a matching placebo control. The primary objective
of the clinical trial was to assess the safety and tolerability of a single dose of bryostatin in the treatment of patients with
AD. The secondary objectives of the study were the preliminary evaluation of the efficacy of a single dose of bryostatin in the
treatment of patients with AD, its pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics and the evaluation of any correlation between changes
in PKC&epsilon; with plasma levels of bryostatin and with improvement in cognitive function. On February 24, 2015, we announced
that the Phase 2a clinical trial met its primary endpoint demonstrating preliminary safety and tolerability of bryostatin. On
March 17, 2015, we announced that preliminary assessment of PKC&epsilon; levels in peripheral monocytes demonstrated a significant
increase in total PKC protein levels at the end of the bryostatin infusion consistent with target engagement. An additional secondary
objective of the study was the evaluation of efficacy following a single dose of bryostatin and there was no measurable improvement
in cognition in this mildly impaired patient population. 

Following on these results, on October
9, 2015, Neurotrope BioScience executed a Services Agreement with Worldwide Clinical Trials, Inc. ( WCT ), effective
as of August 31, 2015. The Services Agreement relates to services for Neurotrope BioScience s Phase 2 clinical study assessing
the safety, tolerability and efficacy of bryostatin in the treatment of moderately severe to severe AD, or the Study. Pursuant
to the terms of the Services Agreement, WCT will provide services to enroll approximately one hundred and fifty (150) study subjects
at approximately 30 sites across the United States. We began enrollment at the initial sites at the end of 2015. Assuming prompt
enrollment at the majority of the sites, we expect that within approximately 15 months, we will receive data from an interim analysis
with final top line results available in approximately 18 months from the start of enrollment. This trial was designed to administer
dosing of bryostatin for up to six months for moderately severe to severe AD patients but has been amended to administer dosing
of bryostatin for up to three months (see details of the amendment below). Among the trial s endpoints are the measurement
of improvement in cognition, activities of daily living and behavior. The Company s goal is to show the robust treatment
effect that the regulatory agencies, the marketplace and, most importantly, our patients and their caregivers are seeking.  

On July 27, 2016, we received approval
of the institutional review board ( IRB ) for our amended protocol submitted on July 21, 2016 to the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (the  FDA ) relating to the Phase 2 clinical trial of our lead drug candidate, Bryostatin-1, for
the treatment of advanced AD, which amended protocol eliminates the second, exploratory, study period following the first 12 weeks
of treatment. The primary objective is the assessment of safety and tolerability of bryostatin to occur at 13 weeks and that has
not been changed with this amendment. The secondary objective is to assess efficacy, also at week 13. Such amendment, to cut the
exploratory part of the study, was made for business reasons in order to provide earlier completion of the study and for the planning
of future studies. The changes to the study design were not due to any safety concerns. In the study, two doses of bryostatin,
20 g or 40 g, will be compared to placebo. Study subjects receive a total of 7 doses of the study drug over 12 weeks of
treatment, followed by safety and efficacy assessments at week 13 and a final study visit at week 16. There will be no second
randomization for additional treatment. Subjects who have already entered into the second study period will be discontinued and
evaluated 30 days following last treatment for their final study visit. Pending the robustness of trial enrollment, we expect
to report data late in the first quarter or the beginning of the second quarter of 2017. 

The total estimated budget for the services,
including pass-through costs, was approximately $11.6 million before the amendment of its Phase 2 clinical study protocol as outlined
above. As a result of the amendment, the Company believes that the total trial cost will be reduced. Neurotrope BioScience may
terminate the Services Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days  prior written notice. As of September 30, 2016, Neurotrope
BioScience has paid WCT approximately $3.7 million for current and future services. 

Strategy  

Our strategy is to efficiently utilize
our licensed proprietary and patented technologies to further the development of those technologies toward commercializing a therapeutic
for AD and potentially utilize these technologies to treat other neurological diseases. We may also seek to acquire, by license
or otherwise, other development stage products that are consistent with our product portfolio objectives and commercialization
strategy. In addition, we plan to utilize technologies licensed from CRE and Mount Sinai in order to pursue therapeutics for orphan
drug indications, including Fragile X Syndrome and Niemann-Pick Type C disease. Through an agreement with CRE, we have the exclusive
worldwide license relating to Fragile X Syndrome ( FXS ). FXS is the most common cause of inherited intellectual disability
and the most common known genetic cause of autism or autism spectrum disorders. Symptoms of FXS include a range from learning
disabilities to more severe cognitive or intellectual disabilities. Delays in speech and language development are common, as are
a variety of physical and behavioral characteristics. FXS is caused by a  full mutation  of the FMR1 Gene. There are
approximately 135,000 Fragile X Syndrome patients in the United States and a similar number in Europe. Neurotrope BioScience received
support from the FRAXA Research Foundation, Inc. ( FRAXA ) to fund a pre-clinical FXS behavior study for bryostatin
at FRAXA s sponsored laboratory located at the University of Chile in Santiago, Chile. FRAXA provided full funding for a
preclinical study to evaluate the behavioral effects of bryostatin-1 in an FXS mouse model. Twice weekly treatment for 13 weeks
yielded statistically significant improvements in outcome measures with bryostatin compared to placebo. We have formed and are
advancing our discussions with an experienced clinical advisory board to assist us with protocol development for a planned Phase
2a study in FXS patients. We seek resources to initiate the first clinical trial with bryostatin in patients with FXS. We have
been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA for the use of bryostatin in the treatment of Fragile X Syndrome. 

Use of bryostatin to treat a serious and
deadly lysosomal storage disorder, Niemann-Pick Type C Disease ( NP-C ), is being explored by the Company in collaboration
with the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City. NP-C mainly affects children who develop severe neurologic
symptoms including gait disturbance and cognitive deficits early in life. There are approximately 3,500 NP-C patients in the United
States and a similar number in Europe. Patients with NP-C have a gene defect that results in the loss of the  normal 
NPC1 or NPC2 protein that is important for cholesterol trafficking. 

A study was funded by several family foundations
under the auspices of SOAR-NPC. This study examined the effects of various dosing regimens of bryostatin in NP-C mice over a brief
treatment period. Although bryostatin showed mixed results  in vivo , the SOAR study did not find encouraging results
with its  in vivo  animal model. Another  in vivo  study began at the beginning of 2016 and is currently
underway at Mt. Sinai to evaluate the effect of bryostatin in an animal model (NPC1 mice) of Niemann-Pick Type C. Depending upon
the  in vivo  results and available funding, we will work towards completion of the necessary pre-clinical work
in order to file and obtain FDA approval of an IND, or investigational new drug application. We are encouraged by preliminary
data.in the NPC1 animal model. Assuming that the pre-clinical work shows positive activity, we expect to apply for orphan drug
designation for this indication. 

Neurotrope has entered into a research
collaboration with the International Rett Syndrome Foundation ( Foundation ), under the Rett Syndrome.org Scout Program,
funded by the Foundation, whereby bryostatin will be tested using mouse models. The hope is that bryostatin will activate
key synaptic growth factors that are deficient in patients suffering from Rett Syndrome. 

The Company is also advancing its drug
development program thru a licensing agreement with Stanford regarding the synthesis of brylogs and related technology. 

Going Concern  

As shown in the consolidated financial
statements contained in this report, we have generated no revenues to date, have incurred substantial losses, and have substantial
contractual commitments pursuant to various agreements to which we are a party including costs associated with our ongoing Phase
2 clinical trial and related amendments to the clinical trial protocol. 

Our ability to continue existence is dependent
upon our continuing efforts to obtain additional financing to carry out our business plan. We intend to fund our operations through
equity and/or debt financing arrangements and any revenues generated in the future. Any equity financing, if available, would
most likely be significantly dilutive to our current stockholders. However, there can be no assurance that these arrangements,
if any, will be sufficient to fund our ongoing capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. The outcome
of these matters cannot be predicted at this time. 

There can be no assurance that any additional
financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt as
to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements contained in this report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying
amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates,
and Judgments  

Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments, the most critical of which are those related
to accounting for equity compensation and our commitments to strategic alliance partners and the timing of the achievement of
collaboration milestones. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information
becomes known. Besides the estimates identified above that are considered critical, we make many other accounting estimates in
preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. All estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and
judgments are also based on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, even for estimates and
judgments that are not deemed critical. 

Comparison of the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Revenues  

We did not generate any revenues for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

Overview  

Total operating expenses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were $7,918,584 as compared to $6,911,018 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of approximately 15%. The increase in operating expenses is due primarily to the increase in research and development associated
primary with our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial in AD and non-cash stock compensation expenses, partially offset by the decrease
in related party research and development and general and administrative expenses. 

Research and Development Expenses  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we incurred $764,557 of research and development   related party as compared to $1,852,428 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. These expenses consisted primarily of a flat fee of $83,333 per month as compared to $200,000 per month for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus 2015, respectively, plus $14,557 as compared to $52,428 for expenses relating
to the Company s therapeutic activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees
and expenses are incurred pursuant to our strategic alliance with CRE for ongoing research and development principally relating
to the development of our potential therapeutic products. The change in monthly expense is pursuant to the November 2015 SOW,
which covered product development activities and maintenance of the licensed patent portfolio. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we incurred $3,548,608 in research and development expenses with non-related parties as compared to $1,348,143 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. These expenses were incurred pursuant to developing the potential AD therapeutic product, specifically
conducting the Phase 2 clinical trial for AD and products relating to orphan drug indications. Of these expenses, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, $3,410,398 related to conducting our AD Phase 2 clinical trial and related storing of drug product,
$63,670 for clinical consulting services, $16,939 of licensing payment amortization relating to the Stanford and Mount Sinai license
agreements, $37,600 for orphan drug development costs and $20,000 for development of alternative drug supply with Stanford University
as compared to, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, $1,108,509 related to conducting our AD Phase 2a clinical trial
and related storing of drug product, $156,072 for clinical consulting services, $41,078 of licensing payment amortization relating
to the Stanford and Mount Sinai license agreements, $30,484 for orphan drug development costs and $12,000 for development of alternative
drug supply with Stanford University. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

We incurred related party general and
administrative expenses totaling $59,500 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $81,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. These amounts are attributable to the payments to our prior Chairman for services provided to us which
ended in July 2016. 

We incurred $2,581,140 and $3,242,220
of other general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of
approximately 20%. Of the amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable 2015 period: $1,330,679
was incurred primarily for wages, vacation pay, taxes and insurance, for four employees plus our Chairman and our Chief Executive
Officer, versus $2,017,166 for five employees plus our Chairman for the 2015 comparable period; $464,344 versus $597,096 for ongoing
legal expenses as the Company had significant contractual negotiations for the prior nine month period, $116,755 was incurred
for outside operations consulting services versus $0 as the Company hired a consultant to help recruit our new Chief Medical Officer
during the current nine month period; $82,659 was incurred for travel expenses, versus $117,090; $161,103 was incurred for investor
relations services versus $171,736; $107,587 was incurred for professional fees associated with auditing, financial, accounting
and tax advisory services versus $98,023; $133,025 was incurred for insurance versus $177,800, and; $204,988 was incurred for
office rent, including acceleration of expense based upon abandonment of approximately $120,000, and utilities, supplies, license
fees, filing costs, rent, advertising and other, versus $143,806, which is offset by a credit of $80,497 relating to a settlement
of a payable to a service provider for the comparable 2015 period. As further discussed in Note 4 (Contractual Commitments) that
are included in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) above, with respect to the amounts that we
incurred for severance, we accrued a total of $265,000 of severance payments as of September 30, 2015, which was contingent upon
the Company raising additional capital in excess of $7.5 million. The capital raise was completed in November 2015. 

Stock Based Compensation Expenses  

We incurred related party non-cash expenses
totaling $134,444 as compared to $131,453 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in connection with
the vesting of stock options. 

We incurred $830,335 and $255,774 of non-related
party non-cash expenses for issuance of stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
increase is a result of the issuance of stock options during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first nine months of 2016 and
the acceleration of options vesting for two of the Company s former board members and former President and Chief Executive
Officer as discussed in Note 4 (Contractual Commitments) that are included in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited) above. 

Other Income  

We earned $5,450 of interest income for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,844 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 on funds temporarily
deposited in an interest bearing money market account. This increase is attributable to the Company s capital raising activities
in November 2015 offset by the reduction in cash balances. 

Net losses and earnings per share  

We incurred losses of $7,913,134 and $6,908,174
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increased loss was primarily due to our increase in expenses
associated with our current Phase 2 clinical trial and an increase in stock-based compensation expense, offset by a decrease in
related-party research and development expenses and lower general and administrative expenses. Earnings (losses) per common share
were ($0.19) and ($0.30) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in loss per share is
primarily attributable to the increased weighted average common shares outstanding partially offset by an increase in accrued
preferred stock dividends. 

Comparison of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Revenues  

We did not generate any revenues for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

Overview  

Total operating expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 were $3,593,659 as compared to $1,892,304 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of approximately 90%. The increase in operating expenses is due primarily to the increase in research and development associated
primary with our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial in AD, a slight increase in general and administrative expenses and an increase
in non-cash stock compensation expenses, partially offset by the decrease in related party research and development expenses. 

Research and Development Expenses  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, we incurred $249,999 of research and development expenses   related party as compared to $636,547 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. These expenses consisted primarily of a flat fee of $83,333 per month as compared to $200,000 per month
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus 2015, respectively, plus $0 as compared to $20,666 for expenses relating
to the Company s therapeutic activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees
and expenses are incurred pursuant to our strategic alliance with CRE for ongoing research and development principally relating
to the development of our potential therapeutic products. The change in monthly expense / flat fee is pursuant to the November
2015 SOW, which covered product development activities and maintenance of the licensed patent portfolio. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, we incurred $1,729,929 in research and development expenses with non-related parties as compared to $268,665 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. These expenses were incurred pursuant to the development of the potential AD therapeutic product
and related Phase 2 clinical trial and products relating to orphan drug indications. Of these expenses, for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, $1,682,602 related to conducting our AD Phase 2 clinical trial and related storing of drug product, $30,304
for clinical consulting services, $3,022 of licensing payment amortization relating to the Stanford and Mount Sinai license agreements,
$6,000 for orphan drug development costs and $8,000 for development of alternative drug supply with Stanford University as compared
to, for the three months ended September 30, 2015, $235,724 related to conducting our AD Phase 2a clinical trial and related storing
of drug product, $17,331 for clinical consulting services, $7,341 of licensing payment amortization relating to the Stanford and
Mount Sinai license agreements, $12,469 for orphan drug development costs and ($4,200) for development of alternative drug supply
with Stanford University. The credit relates to a reclassification and capitalization of licensing fees paid during the first
half of 2015. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

We incurred related party general and
administrative expenses totaling $5,500 and $27,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
amounts are attributable to the payments to our prior Chairman for services provided to us which ended in July 2016. 

We incurred $1,058,139 and $817,880 of
other general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of
approximately 29%. Of the amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus the comparable 2015 period: $606,802 was
primarily incurred for wages, vacation pay, taxes and insurance, for four employees plus our Chairman and our Chief Executive
Officer, versus $506,818 for five employees plus our Chairman for the 2015 comparable period; $252,781 versus $200,796 for ongoing
legal expenses; $26,072 was incurred for travel expenses, versus $35,061; $49,230 was incurred for investor relations services
versus $43,616; $23,475 was incurred for professional fees associated with auditing, financial, accounting and tax advisory services
versus $22,521; $47,744 was incurred for insurance versus $51,051; and $7,280 was incurred for office supplies, license fees,
filing costs, advertising and other, versus $38,514 which includes office rent and utilities not included for the comparable 2016
period and which is offset by a credit of $80,497 relating to a settlement of a payable to a service provider for the comparable
2015 period. 

Stock Based Compensation Expenses  

We incurred related party non-cash expenses
totaling $46,809 versus $44,299 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in connection with the vesting
of stock options. 

We incurred $503,283 and $97,913 of non-related
party non-cash expenses for issuance of stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
increase is primarily attributable to acceleration of options vesting for two of the Company s former board members and
former President and Chief Executive Officer as discussed in Note 4 (Contractual Commitments) that are included in the Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) above. 

Other Income  

We earned $1,516 of interest income for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $355 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, on funds temporarily
deposited in an interest bearing money market account. This increase is attributable to the Company s capital raising activities
in November 2015 offset by the reduction in cash balances. 

Net losses and earnings per share  

We incurred losses of $3,592,143 and $1,891,949
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increased loss was primarily attributable to our increase
in expenses associated with our current Phase 2 clinical trial, a slight increase in other general and administrative expenses
and an increase in stock-based compensation expense, offset by a decrease in related-party research and development expenses.
Losses per common share were ($0.08) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The flat loss per share is primarily
attributable to the increased weighted average common shares outstanding and a reduction in our loss from operations, partially
offset by an increase in accrued preferred stock dividends.  

Financial Condition, Liquidity and
Capital Resources  

Since the inception of Neurotrope BioScience,
we have primarily devoted our efforts to the development of our therapeutic products, raising capital, negotiating the CRE License
and, until June 30, 2015, the license we formerly held under the CRE License Agreement to certain technology, including rights
relating to an in vitro test system based on examination of skin cells intended to predict the presence of AD in humans (the  AD
Diagnostic Test ) toward commercialization while conducting business planning and recruiting executive management. 

Cash and Working Capital   

Since inception, we have incurred negative
cash flows from operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $35,637,358 and had working capital of
$4,786,439 as compared to working capital of $11,732,280 as of December 31, 2015. The $6,945,841 decrease in working capital was
primarily attributable to expenditures relating to development of a potential therapeutic product and general and administrative
expenses, which resulted in a net loss of $7,913,134 plus capital expenditures of $2,947 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016.  

Sources and Uses of Liquidity   

Since inception, we have satisfied our
operating cash requirements from the private placement of equity securities sold principally to outside investors. We expect to
continue to incur expenses, resulting in losses and negative cash flows from operations, over at least the next several years
as we continue to develop AD therapeutic products. We anticipate that this development will include continuing our current clinical
trials as well as new clinical trials and additional research and development expenditures. 

We expect to require additional capital
in order to initiate, pursue and complete all planned clinical trials and development of bryostatin. Additional funding may not
be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to access additional funds when needed, we may not be able
to initiate, pursue and complete all planned clinical trials or continue the development of our product candidates or we could
be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our development programs and operations. Any additional equity financing,
if available, may not be available on favorable terms, would most likely be significantly dilutive to our current stockholders
and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. If we are able to access funds through collaborative or licensing
arrangements, we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates that we would otherwise
seek to develop or commercialize on our own, on terms that are not favorable to us. Our ability to access capital when needed
is not assured and, if not achieved on a timely basis, will materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We currently have approximately $5.9
million in cash and cash equivalents, which we expect to be sufficient to fund our operations for approximately the next
three months. This cash will be used, for the next three months, for corporate overhead of approximately $1.3 million and
$4.4 million for the continuing AD clinical trial. We expect to raise additional capital to fund our
ongoing clinical trial and corporate overhead.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not engage in any  off-balance
sheet arrangements  (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) as of September 30, 2016.    

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk.  

Not applicable to a smaller reporting
company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

An evaluation was performed under the
supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, respectively, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective due to the material weakness resulting from a limited segregation of duties among our
employees with respect to our control activities. This deficiency is the result of our limited number of employees. This deficiency
may affect management s ability to determine if errors or inappropriate actions have taken place. Management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible changes in our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Management has implemented certain measures
including additional cash controls, dual-signature procedures, and other review and approval processes by the Company s
management team. The Company intends to hire additional personnel to allow for improved financial reporting controls and segregation
of duties when the Company s operations and revenues have grown to the point of warranting such controls. 

Changes in Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting   

There was no change in our internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II  

  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business, financial condition or
results of operation. There are currently no pending legal proceedings that we believe will have individually or in the aggregate,
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. As far as we are aware, no governmental authority
is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

An investment in shares of our common
stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations and
financial results and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Before investing in our common
stock you should carefully consider the following risks, together with the financial and other information contained in this report.
If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you may lose all or
a part of your investment. Only those investors who can bear the risk of loss of their entire investment should invest in our
common stock.  

There have been no material changes to
our risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 and in our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. For a further discussion of our Risk Factors, refer to the  Risk Factors 
discussion contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds.  

There have been no other unregistered sales of equity securities
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Description   

31.1*  
       
      Certification of
    the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
    pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of
    the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
       
      Certification of
    the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
       
      Certification of
    the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.   

101*  
       
      The following financial
    information from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible
    Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance
    Sheets; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
    tagged as blocks of text.   

* Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

Neurotrope,
    Inc.   

Date: November
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Susanne
    Wilke, Ph.D.   

Susanne Wilke, Ph.D.   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Robert
    Weinstein   

Robert Weinstein   

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President,
      
     Secretary and Treasurer   

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Description   

31.1*  
       
      Certification of
    the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
    pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of
    the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
       
      Certification of
    the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
       
      Certification of
    the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.   

101*  
       
      The following financial
    information from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible
    Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance
    Sheets; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
    tagged as blocks of text.   

* Filed herewith.    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452775_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF  

  SUSANNE WILKE,
PH.D.  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  OF  

  NEUROTROPE, INC.  

I, Susanne Wilke, Ph.D., Chief Executive
Officer of Neurotrope, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Neurotrope, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/
    Susanne Wilke, Ph.D.   

Susanne Wilke, Ph.D.   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452775_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF  

  ROBERT WEINSTEIN  

  CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  OF  

  NEUROTROPE, INC.  

I, Robert Weinstein, Chief Financial Officer
of Neurotrope, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Neurotrope, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/
    Robert Weinstein   

Robert Weinstein   

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President,
    Secretary and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452775_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

   SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Neurotrope, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Susanne Wilke, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, state and certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Susanne
    Wilke, Ph.D.   

Susanne Wilke, Ph.D.   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452775_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Neurotrope, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q   for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert Weinstein, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, state and certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to     906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Robert
    Weinstein   

Robert Weinstein   

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President,
    Secretary and Treasurer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ntrp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ntrp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ntrp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ntrp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ntrp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ntrp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

