<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161229_10-K_edgar_data_1435508_0001144204-16-141721_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20819620</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>354176</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>830746</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6936213</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9499809</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2693195</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>220</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141721.hdr.sgml : 20161229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161229153525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141721
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Savings Financial Group Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435508
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				371567871
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34155
		FILM NUMBER:		162075124

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 EAST LEWIS & CLARK PARKWAY
		CITY:			CLARKSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47129
		BUSINESS PHONE:		812-283-0724

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 EAST LEWIS & CLARK PARKWAY
		CITY:			CLARKSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141721.txt : 20161229

10-K
 1
 v455725_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

(Mark One)  

For the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________  

Commission File Number:  1-34155  

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Indiana   
         (State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
     
           37-1567871   
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

501 East Lewis   Clark Parkway, Clarksville,
        Indiana   
         (Address of principal executive offices)  
     
           47129   
         (Zip Code)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (812) 283-0724  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class  
           
      Name of each exchange on which registered   
 
       Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share   
       
       NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC    

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:     None  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     
 No   x  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
  No   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x 
 No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x 
 No     

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a small reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer   
         
      Accelerated Filer    

Non-accelerated Filer    
         
      Smaller Reporting Company   
      x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
 No   x  

The aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates was $56.3 million, based upon the closing price of $33.98 per
share as quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016. 

The number of shares outstanding
of the registrant s common stock as of December 16, 2016 was 2,206,787. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.   

INDEX 

Page    

Part I     

Item 1.  
       Business   
      2   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      19   

Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      26   

Item 2.  
       Properties   
      26   

Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      27   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      27   

Part II     

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      28   

Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      30   

Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      33   

Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      57   

Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      57   

Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      57   

Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      58   

Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      58   

Part III     

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      59   

Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      59   

Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
     59  

Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      59   

Item 14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      59   

Part IV     

Item 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      60   

SIGNATURES   

This annual report contains
forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and may describe future plans, strategies and expectations of First Savings
Financial Group, Inc. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by use of the words  believe,   expect, 
 intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project  or similar expressions. First Savings
Financial Group s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on the operations of First Savings Financial Group and its subsidiary include,
but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, national and regional economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes,
monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board, the
quality and composition of the loan or investment portfolios, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, demand for
financial services in First Savings Financial Group s market area, changes in real estate market values in First Savings
Financial Group s market area, changes in relevant accounting principles and guidelines and inability of third party service
providers to perform. Additional factors that may affect our results are discussed in Item 1A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
titled  Risk Factors  below.  

These risks and
uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements.
Except as required by applicable law or regulation, First Savings Financial Group does not undertake, and specifically disclaims
any obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Unless the context indicates
otherwise, all references in this annual report to  First Savings Financial Group,   Company,   we, 
 us  and  our  refer to First Savings Financial Group and its subsidiaries.  

PART I  

Item 1.    BUSINESS  

General  

First Savings Financial
Group, Inc., an Indiana corporation, was incorporated in May 2008 to serve as the holding company for First Savings Bank (the  Bank 
or  First Savings Bank ). On October 6, 2008, in accordance with a Plan of Conversion adopted by its Board of Directors
and approved by its members, the Bank converted from a mutual savings bank to a stock savings bank and became the wholly-owned
subsidiary of First Savings Financial Group. In connection with the conversion, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,542,042 shares
of common stock at an offering price of $10.00 per share. In addition, in connection with the conversion, First Savings Charitable
Foundation was formed, to which the Company contributed 110,000 shares of common stock and $100,000 in cash. The Company s
common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market on October 7, 2008 under the symbol  FSFG . 

In accordance with a Plan
of Charter Conversion adopted by the Board of Directors of First Savings Bank on May 21, 2014, First Savings Bank converted from
a federally-chartered savings bank to an Indiana-chartered commercial bank and became a member the Federal Reserve System effective
December 19, 2014. As a result of the Bank s charter conversion, First Savings Financial Group converted to a bank holding
company and simultaneously elected financial holding company status effective December 19, 2014. See Note 27 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements beginning of page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding the charter conversions. 

First Savings Financial
Group s principal business activity is the ownership of the outstanding common stock of First Savings Bank. First Savings
Financial Group does not own or lease any property but instead uses the premises, equipment and other property of First Savings
Bank with the payment of appropriate rental fees, as required by applicable law and regulations, under the terms of an expense
allocation agreement. Accordingly, the information set forth in this annual report including the consolidated financial statements
and related financial data contained herein, relates primarily to the Bank. 

First Savings Bank operates
as a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial services to consumers and businesses in its primary
market area. We attract deposits from the general public and use those funds to originate primarily residential and commercial
mortgage loans. We also originate commercial business loans, residential and commercial construction loans, multi-family loans,
land and land development loans, and consumer loans. We conduct our lending and deposit activities primarily with individuals and
small businesses in our primary market area, except as otherwise discussed herein. 

On July 6, 2012, First
Savings Bank acquired the four Indiana branches of First Federal Savings Bank of Elizabethtown, Inc. ( First Federal ),
a Kentucky-chartered commercial bank, two of which were consolidated into the existing operations of First Savings Bank immediately
subsequent to the acquisition. The acquisition enhanced First Savings Bank s presence in Harrison and Floyd Counties in Indiana. 

Our website address is
www.fsbbank.net. Information on our website should not be considered a part of this annual report. 

Market Area 

We are located in South
Central Indiana along the axis of Interstate 65 and Interstate 64, directly across the Ohio River from Louisville, Kentucky. We
consider Clark, Floyd, Harrison, Crawford and Washington counties, Indiana, in which all of our offices are located, and the surrounding
areas to be our primary market area. The current top employment sectors in these counties are the private retail, service and manufacturing
industries, which are likely to continue to be supported by the projected growth in population and median household income. These
counties are well-served by barge transportation, rail service, and commercial and general aviation services, including the United
Parcel Service s major hub, which are located in our primary market area. 

Competition  

We face significant competition
for the attraction of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from the
several financial institutions operating in our primary market area and from other financial service companies such as securities
and mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions and insurance companies. We also face competition for investors  funds from money
market funds, mutual funds and other corporate and government securities. At June 30, 2016, which is the most recent date for which
data is available from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ), we held approximately 12.17%, 2.78%, 34.48%,
81.84% and 10.86% of the FDIC-insured deposits in Clark, Floyd, Harrison, Crawford and Washington Counties, Indiana, respectively.
This data does not reflect deposits held by credit unions with which we also compete. In addition, banks owned by large national
and regional holding companies and other community-based banks also operate in our primary market area. Some of these institutions
are larger than us and, therefore, may have greater resources. 

Our competition for loans
comes primarily from financial institutions in our primary market area and from other financial service providers, such as mortgage
companies, mortgage brokers and credit unions. Competition for loans also comes from non-depository financial service companies
entering the mortgage market, such as insurance companies, securities companies, and specialty and captive finance companies. 

We expect competition to
increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation
in the financial services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered barriers to entry, allowing banks to expand
their geographic reach by providing services over the Internet, and made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products
and services that traditionally have been provided by banks. Changes in federal law now permit affiliation among banks, securities
firms and insurance companies, which promotes a competitive environment in the financial services industry. Competition for deposits
and the origination of loans could limit our growth in the future. 

Lending Activities  

Consistent with the Bank s
conversion to an Indiana-chartered commercial bank in December 2014, the Bank is continuing the process of transforming the composition
of its balance sheet from that of a traditional thrift institution to that of a commercial bank. We intend to continue to emphasize
residential lending, primarily secured by owner-occupied properties, but also to continue concentrating on ways to expand our consumer/retail
banking capabilities and our commercial banking services with a focus on serving small businesses and emphasizing relationship
banking in our primary market area. 

The largest segments of
our loan portfolio are commercial real estate loans and residential real estate mortgage loans, which are primarily one- to four-family
residential loans, and, to a lesser extent, multi-family real estate and commercial business loans. We also originate residential
and commercial construction loans, land and land development loans, and consumer loans. We generally originate loans for investment
purposes, although, depending on the interest rate environment and our asset/liability management goals, we may sell into the secondary
market the 25-year and 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate, as well as the portion of loans guaranteed
by the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) that we originate under its 7(a) program. We do not offer, have not
offered and have not purchased or acquired Alt-A, sub-prime or no-documentation loans. 

One- to Four-Family
Residential Loans.   Our origination of residential mortgage loans enables borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes
located in Clark, Floyd, Harrison, Crawford and Washington Counties, Indiana, and the surrounding areas. A significant portion
of the residential mortgage loans that we had originated before 2005 are secured by non-owner occupied properties. Loans secured
by non-owner occupied properties generally carry a greater risk of loss than loans secured by owner-occupied properties. See   Item
1A. Risk Factors   Risks Related to Our Business   Our concentration in non-owner occupied real estate loans may expose
us to increased credit risk   and   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations   Risk Management   Analysis of Nonperforming and Classified Assets.   Since 2005, we have de-emphasized
non-owner occupied residential mortgage lending and have focused, and intend to continue to focus, our residential mortgage lending
primarily on originating residential mortgage loans secured by owner-occupied properties. 

Our residential lending
policies and procedures conform to the secondary market guidelines. We generally offer a mix of adjustable-rate mortgage loans
and fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms of 10 to 30 years. Borrower demand for adjustable-rate loans compared to fixed-rate loans
is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates, and the difference between
the interest rates and loan fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans as compared to an initially discounted interest rate and
loan fees for multi-year adjustable-rate mortgages. The relative amount of fixed-rate mortgage loans and adjustable-rate mortgage
loans that can be originated at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment. The loan fees,
interest rates and other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us based on our own pricing criteria and competitive market
conditions. 

Interest rates and payments
on our adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally adjust annually after an initial fixed period that typically ranges from one to
five years. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate loans generally are adjusted to a rate typically equal to a margin
above the one year U.S. Treasury index. The maximum amount by which the interest rate may be increased or decreased is generally
one percentage point per adjustment period and the lifetime interest rate cap is generally six percentage points over the initial
interest rate of the loan. However, a portion of the adjustable-rate mortgage loan portfolio has a maximum amount by which the
interest rate may be increased or decreased of two percentage points per adjustment period and a lifetime interest rate cap generally
of six percentage points over the initial interest rate of the loan. 

While one- to four-family
residential real estate loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially
shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full either upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon
refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and
sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans on a regular
basis. We do not offer loans with negative amortization and generally do not offer interest-only loans. 

We generally do not make
conventional loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 80%, including that for non-owner occupied residential real estate loans
whose loan-to-value ratios generally may not exceed 75%, or 65% where the borrower has more than five non-owner occupied loans
outstanding. Non-owner occupied loans originated before 2005, however, were generally originated with loan-to-value ratios up to
80%. Loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80% generally require private mortgage insurance. However, the total balance
of residential mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 90% amounted
to $13.7 million, of which some do not have private mortgage insurance or government guaranty. We generally require all properties
securing mortgage loans to be appraised by a board-approved independent appraiser. We also generally require title insurance on
all first mortgage loans with principal balances of $250,000 or more. Borrowers must obtain hazard insurance, and flood insurance
is required for all loans located in flood hazard areas. 

At September 30, 2016,
our largest one- to four-family residential loan had an outstanding balance of $1.5 million. This loan, which was originated in
September 2016 and is secured by 12 duplexes containing 24 living units, was performing in accordance with its original terms at
September 30, 2016. 

Commercial Real Estate
Loans.   We offer fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate. Our commercial real estate
loans are generally secured by small to moderately-sized office, retail and industrial properties located in our primary market
area and are typically made to small business owners and professionals such as attorneys and accountants. 

We originate fixed-rate
commercial real estate loans, generally with terms up to five years and payments based on an amortization schedule of 15 to 20
years, resulting in  balloon  balances at maturity. We also offer adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans, generally
with terms up to five years and with interest rates typically equal to a margin above the prime lending rate or the London Interbank
Offered Rate (LIBOR). Loans are secured by first mortgages, generally are originated with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80%
and often require specified debt service coverage ratios depending on the characteristics of the project. Rates and other terms
on such loans generally depend on our assessment of credit risk after considering such factors as the borrower s financial
condition and credit history, loan-to-value ratio, debt service coverage ratio and other factors. 

During 2013, we began a
commercial real estate lending program that is focused on loans to high net worth individuals that are secured by low loan-to-value,
single-tenant commercial properties that are generally leased to investment grade national-brand retailers, the borrowers and collateral
properties for which are outside of our primary market area. This program is designed to diversify the Company s geographic
and credit risk profile given the geographic dispersion of the loans and collateral, and the investment grade credit of the national-brand
lessees. The terms of the loans are generally consistent with the aforementioned terms of in-market commercial real estate loans;
however, these cannot exceed 70% loan-to-value and loan maturities cannot exceed the expiration of the underlying leases. In addition,
the Company has established guidelines with respect to concentrations by state, lessee and industry of lessees as a percent of
the overall loan portfolio, and as a percent of capital. The average size of these loans originated was $1.1 million and the portfolio
balance was $93.3 million at September 30, 2016. Our largest such loan, which was originated in May 2016 and secured by a single-tenant
commercial retail building, had an outstanding balance of $3.8 million at September 30, 2016 and was performing in accordance with
its original terms at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
our largest commercial real estate loan had an outstanding balance of $9.0 million. This loan, which was originated in September
2016, is secured by a commercial real estate development formerly owned by the Company that includes one multi-tenant, two single-tenant,
and two two-tenant retail buildings. It was performing in accordance with its original terms at September 30, 2016. See Notes 5,
7 and 31 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information. 

Construction Loans.
  We originate construction loans for one-to four-family homes and commercial properties such as small industrial buildings,
warehouses, retail shops and office units. Construction loans are typically for a term of 12 months with monthly interest only
payments. Except for speculative loans, discussed below, repayment of construction loans typically comes from the proceeds of a
permanent mortgage loan for which a commitment is typically in place when the construction loan is originated. We originate construction
loans to a limited group of well-established builders in our primary market area and we limit the number of projects with each
builder. Interest rates on these loans are generally tied to the prime lending rate. Construction loans, other than land development
loans, generally will not exceed the lesser of 80% of the appraised value or 90% of the direct costs, excluding items such as developer
fees, operating deficits or other items that do not relate to the direct development of the project. Generally, commercial construction
loans require the personal guarantee of the owners of the business. We also offer construction loans for the financing of pre-sold
homes, which convert into permanent loans at the end of the construction period. Such loans generally have a six-month construction
period with interest only payments due monthly, followed by an automatic conversion to a 15-year to 30-year permanent loan with
monthly payments of principal and interest. Occasionally, a construction loan to a builder of a speculative home will be converted
to a permanent loan if the builder has not secured a buyer within a limited period of time after the completion of the home. We
generally disburse funds on a percentage-of-completion basis following an inspection by a third party inspector. 

We also originate speculative
construction loans to builders who have not identified a buyer or lessee for the completed property at the time of origination.
At September 30, 2016, we had approved commitments for speculative construction loans of $10.6 million, of which $4.9 million was
outstanding. We require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80% for speculative construction loans. At September 30, 2016, our largest
construction loan relationship was for a commitment of $11.3 million, of which $1.1 million was outstanding but 80% of this loan
is participated to other financial institutions. This loan, which was originated in June 2016 and is secured by a national brand
hotel, was performing in accordance with its original terms at September 30, 2016. 

Land and Land Development
Loans.   On a limited basis, we originate loans to developers for the purpose of developing vacant land in our primary market
area, typically for residential subdivisions. Land development loans are generally interest-only loans for a term of 18 to 24 months.
We generally require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75% of the appraisal market value upon completion of the project. We generally
do not require any cash equity from the borrower if there is sufficient indicated equity in the collateral property. Development
plats and cost verification documents are required from borrowers before approving and closing the loan. Our loan officers are
required to personally visit the proposed development site and the sites of competing developments. We also originate loans to
individuals secured by undeveloped land held for investment purposes. At September 30, 2016, our largest land development loan
had an outstanding balance of $2.0 million. This loan, which was originated in April 2016, was performing in accordance with its
original terms at September 30, 2016. 

Multi-Family Real
Estate Loans.   We offer multi-family mortgage loans that are generally secured by properties in our primary market area.
Multi-family loans are secured by first mortgages and generally are originated with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80% and generally
require specified debt service coverage ratios depending on the characteristics of the project. Rates and other terms on such loans
generally depend on our assessment of the credit risk after considering such factors as the borrower s financial condition
and credit history, loan-to-value ratio, debt service coverage ratio and other factors. At September 30, 2016, our largest multi-family
mortgage loan had an outstanding balance of $1.9 million. This loan, which was originated in August 2010, was performing in accordance
with its original terms at September 30, 2016. 

Consumer Loans.   Although
we offer a variety of consumer loans, our consumer loan portfolio consists primarily of home equity loans, both fixed-rate amortizing
term loans with terms up to 15 years and adjustable rate lines of credit with interest rates equal to a margin above the prime
lending rate. We also offer auto and truck loans, personal loans and small boat loans. Consumer loans typically have shorter maturities
and higher interest rates than traditional one-to four-family lending. We typically do not make home equity loans with loan-to-value
ratios exceeding 90%, including any first mortgage loan balance. The procedures for underwriting consumer loans include an assessment
of the applicant s payment history on other debts and ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan.
Although the applicant s creditworthiness is a primary consideration, the underwriting process also includes a comparison
of the value of the collateral, if any, to the proposed loan amount. At September 30, 2016, our largest consumer loan was a home
equity line of credit with a commitment of $350,000, of which $291,000 was outstanding. This loan, which was originated in May
2014 and is secured by a first mortgage on a personal residence, was performing in accordance with its original terms at September
30, 2016. 

Commercial Business
Loans.   We typically offer commercial business loans to small businesses located in our primary market area. Commercial
business loans are generally secured by equipment and general business assets. Key loan terms and covenants vary depending on the
collateral, the borrower s financial condition, credit history and other relevant factors, and personal guarantees are typically
required as part of the loan commitment. At September 30, 2016, our largest commercial business loan was for a commitment of $7.5
million, of which $7.5 million was outstanding but $2.5 million had been participated to other financial institutions. This loan,
which was originated in September 2016 is made to a local hospital, was performing in accordance with its original terms at September
30, 2016. 

Loan Underwriting Risks   

Adjustable-Rate Loans.
  While we anticipate that adjustable-rate loans will better offset the adverse effects of an increase in interest rates
as compared to fixed-rate mortgages, an increased monthly mortgage payment required of adjustable-rate loan borrowers in a rising
interest rate environment could cause an increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also
may be adversely affected in a high interest rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans make our asset
base more responsive to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest sensitivity is limited by the annual and lifetime
interest rate adjustment limits. 

Non-Owner Occupied
Residential Real Estate Loans.   Loans secured by rental properties represent a unique credit risk to us and, as a result,
we adhere to special underwriting guidelines. Of primary concern in non-owner occupied real estate lending is the consistency of
rental income of the property. Payments on loans secured by rental properties often depend on the maintenance of the property and
the payment of rent by its tenants. Payments on loans secured by rental properties often depend on successful operation and management
of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy.
To monitor cash flows on rental properties, we require borrowers and loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements
and we consider and review a rental income cash flow analysis of the borrower and consider the net operating income of the property,
the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability, and the value of the underlying property. We generally require
collateral on these loans to be a first mortgage along with an assignment of rents and leases. Until recently, if the borrower
had multiple loans for rental properties with us, the loans were not cross-collateralized. If the borrower holds loans on more
than four rental properties, a loan officer or collection officer is generally required to inspect these properties annually to
determine if they are being properly maintained and rented. We have generally limited these loan relationships to an aggregate
total of $500,000. 

Multi-Family and
Commercial Real Estate Loans.   Loans secured by multi-family and commercial real estate generally have larger balances and
involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Of primary concern in multi-family and commercial
real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments
on loans secured by income properties often depend on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment
of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. To monitor cash flows on income properties,
we require borrowers and loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements on multi-family and commercial real estate
loans. In addition, some loans may contain covenants regarding ongoing cash flow coverage requirements. In reaching a decision
on whether to make a multi-family or commercial real estate loan, we consider and review a global cash flow analysis of the borrower
and consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability, and the
value of the underlying property. An environmental survey or environmental risk insurance is obtained when the possibility exists
that hazardous materials may have existed on the site, or the site may have been impacted by adjoining properties that handled
hazardous materials. 

Construction and
Land and Land Development Loans.   Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss
than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy
of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost of construction. During
the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves
to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the building.
If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted, at or before the maturity of the loan, with a building
having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment if liquidation is required. If we are forced to foreclose on a building
before or at completion due to a default, we may be unable to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the
loan as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. In addition, speculative construction loans, which are loans made to home
builders who, at the time of loan origination, have not yet secured an end buyer for the home under construction, typically carry
higher risks than those associated with traditional construction loans. These increased risks arise because of the risk that there
will be inadequate demand to ensure the sale of the property within an acceptable time. As a result, in addition to the risks associated
with traditional construction loans, speculative construction loans carry the added risk that the builder will have to pay the
property taxes and other carrying costs of the property until an end buyer is found. Land and land development loans have substantially
similar risks to speculative construction loans. 

Consumer Loans.   Consumer
loans may entail greater risk than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are secured by
assets that depreciate rapidly, such as motor vehicles and boats. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer
loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and a small remaining deficiency often does not warrant
further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In the case of home equity loans, real estate values may be reduced
to a level that is insufficient to cover the outstanding loan balance after accounting for the first mortgage loan balance. Consumer
loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are likely to be adversely affected
by various factors, including job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal
and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such
loans. 

Commercial Business
Loans.   Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make
repayment from his or her employment income or other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more
easily ascertainable, commercial business loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s
ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment
of commercial business loans may depend substantially on the success of the business itself. Further, any collateral securing such
loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. 

Loan Originations,
Sales and Purchases.   Loan originations come from a number of sources. The primary sources of loan originations are existing
customers, walk-in traffic, advertising, and referrals from customers and centers of influence, such as real estate agents, attorneys,
accountants and other professionals. 

We have not historically
sold whole loans, other than long-term fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate, which we generally sell in the
secondary market. We have not historically purchased whole loans; however, we acquired four brokered whole loans during the year
ended September 30, 2012. The loans were purchased at an average of 90% of their principal balance and are secured by multi-family
and retail shopping centers located in Indiana. At September 30, 2016, three of these loans remained outstanding with a total principal
balance of $4.1 million and were performing in accordance with their original terms. 

While we generally do not
sell participation interests in loans originated by us or purchase participation interests in loans originated by other financial
institutions in order to supplement our lending portfolio, we may sell or purchase participation interests in loans from time to
time depending on various factors. At September 30, 2016, $27.0 million of loans included sold participation interests of $12.8
million, for a net position of $14.2 million outstanding in our portfolio. At September 30, 2016, acquired participation interests
of loans from two lending relationships totaled $1.0 million and our largest purchased participation interest with a single borrower
was $837,000. This loan, which was originated in January 2014 and is secured by a first mortgage on an industrial building, was
performing in accordance with its original terms at September 30, 2016. 

Beginning in April 2015,
the Bank hired a management team, business development officers (loan officers), underwriters and supporting staff that are seasoned
and experienced in SBA lending in order to enhance the Company s proficiency in SBA 7(a) program loan originations and sales.
The Bank intends to continue hiring additional business development officers and appropriate supporting staff in order to grow
this program, the borrowers and collateral for which are outside of our primary market area. The primary purpose of the program
is to originate SBA 7(a) program loans and sell the amounts guaranteed by the SBA in the secondary market. The program is also
designed to diversify the Company s geographic and interest rate risk profile with respect to the retained unguaranteed amounts
given the geographic dispersion of the loans and collateral, and their floating rate structure. The Company originated SBA loans
with a total commitment of $27.0 million during the year end September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, $23.5 million of SBA loans
included sold guaranteed portions of $13.6 million, for a net position of $10.0 million outstanding in our portfolio. The amount
outstanding in the Bank s portfolio at September 30, 2016 included $5.1 million in SBA loans held for sale, $1.3 million
in the unguaranteed portion of SBA loans not yet sold and $3.6 million in the unguaranteed portion of SBA loans sold. See Note
22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning of page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding
the fair value election for SBA loans held for sale at September 30, 2015. All SBA loans held for sale were carried at the lower
of cost or market value at September 30, 2016. 

Our decision to sell or
purchase loans is based on prevailing market interest rate conditions, interest rate management, regulatory lending restrictions
and liquidity needs. 

Loan Approval Procedures
and Authority.   Our conventional lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination
procedures established by our Board of Directors and management. Certain of our employees have been granted individual lending
limits, which vary depending on the individual, the type of loan and whether the loan is secured or unsecured. Generally, all loan
requests for non-SBA 7(a) program lending relationships that exceed the individual officer lending limits, which is generally $250,000
secured or $50,000 unsecured, require committee or Board of Directors approval. Loans resulting in aggregated lending relationships
in excess of individual office lending limits but less than $1.5 million require approval by the Officer Loan Committee and loans
resulting in aggregated lending relationships in excess of $1.5 million but less than $3.0 million require approval of the Executive
Loan Committee. The Executive Loan Committee consists of the President, Area President, Chief Lending Officer, Chief of Credit
Administration and two senior commercial lending officers, and the Officer Loan Committee consists of the same but also includes
certain other officers designated by the Board of Directors. Loans resulting in aggregated lending relationships in excess of $3.0
million require approval by both the Executive Loan Committee and the Board of Directors. 

Our SBA 7(a) program lending
activities also follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our Board
of Directors and management. Certain of our employees have been granted individual lending limits, which is $2.0 million for the
aggregate loan balance, of which 75% or greater is guaranteed by the SBA. Generally, all SBA 7(a) program loan requests for lending
relationships that exceed the individual officer lending limits require approval by the SBA Officer Loan Committee. The SBA Officer
Loan Committee consists of the President, Chief Lending Officer, Chief of Credit Administration, Chief of SBA Lending, Senior SBA
Lending Officer and a senior commercial lending officer. The aggregated lending relationships for the SBA 7(a) program may not
exceed $5.0 million according to SBA guidelines and therefore no loan requests require approval by the Board of Directors given
that the portion of SBA 7(a) program loans that are not guaranteed by the SBA may not exceed $1.25 million. 

Loans to One Borrower.
  The maximum amount that we may lend to one borrower and the borrower s related entities is limited, by regulation,
to generally 15% of our stated capital and reserves. At September 30, 2016, our regulatory limit on loans to one borrower was $10.4
million. At that date, our largest lending relationship was for a commitment of $9.7 million, of which $9.5 million was outstanding,
and was performing according to its original terms at that date. This loan relationship is secured by various commercial real estate
properties and land intended for future development. 

Loan Commitments.
  We issue commitments for residential and commercial mortgage loans conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events. Commitments
to originate mortgage loans are legally binding agreements to lend to our customers. Generally, our loan commitments expire after
30 days. See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

Investment Activities   

We have legal authority
to invest in various types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various U.S. government agencies
and sponsored enterprises, securities of various state and municipal governments, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage
obligations and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. Within certain regulatory limits, we also may invest
a portion of our assets in other permissible securities. As a member of the Federal Reserve System and Federal Home Loan Bank System,
in particular a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ( FHLB ), First Savings Bank is also required
to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB. 

At September 30, 2016,
our investment portfolio consisted primarily of U.S. government agency and sponsored enterprises securities, mortgage backed securities
and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored enterprises, municipal bonds, privately-issued
collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities, and a pass-through asset-backed security guaranteed by the SBA.
We have invested $10.0 million in a managed brokerage account that invests in small and medium lot, investment grade municipal
bonds and these securities are classified as trading account securities. The brokerage account is managed by an investment advisory
firm registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. At September 30, 2016, trading account securities recorded at
fair value totaled $9.3 million. 

Our investment objectives
are to provide and maintain liquidity, to establish an acceptable level of interest rate and credit risk, and to provide an alternate
source of low-risk investments at a favorable return when loan demand is weak. Our Board of Directors has the overall responsibility
for the investment portfolio, including approval of the investment policy. Messrs. Myers, our President and Chief Executive Officer,
and Schoen, our Chief Financial Officer, are responsible for implementation of the investment policy and monitoring our investment
performance. Our Board of Directors reviews the status of our investment portfolio on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if
warranted. 

Deposit Activities and Other Sources of
Funds   

General.   Deposits,
borrowings, and loan and investment security repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment purposes.
Scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows, loan prepayments and investment
security calls are significantly influenced by general interest rates and money market conditions. 

Deposit Accounts.
  Deposits are attracted from within our primary market area through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments,
including non-interest-bearing demand deposits (such as checking accounts), interest-bearing demand accounts (such as NOW and money
market accounts), regular savings accounts and time deposits. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required,
the time periods the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit
accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, our liquidity needs, profitability to us, matching deposit and loan
products and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our deposit pricing strategy
has typically been to offer competitive rates on all types of deposit products, and to periodically offer special rates in order
to attract deposits of a specific type or term. 

Borrowings.   We
use advances from the FHLB to supplement our investable funds. First Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System,
which consists of 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System functions as a central reserve bank providing
credit for member financial institutions. First Savings Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares of
capital stock in the FHLB and is authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans
and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of the U.S., U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored
enterprises), provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs,
each having its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are
based either on a fixed percentage of an institution s net worth or on the FHLB s assessment of the institution s
creditworthiness. We have two federal funds purchased line of credit facilities with other financial institutions that are subject
to continued borrower eligibility and are intended to support short-term liquidity needs. We also utilize brokered certificates
of deposit and retail repurchase agreements as sources of borrowings and may use broker repurchase agreements and internet certificates
of deposit from time to time, depending on our liquidity needs and pricing of these facilities versus other funding alternatives. 

Personnel  

As of September 30, 2016,
we had 161 full-time employees and 17 part-time employees, none of whom is represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe
our relationship with our employees is good. 

Subsidiaries  

The Company has two wholly-owned
subsidiaries, First Savings Bank and First Savings Insurance Risk Management, Inc (the  Captive ). The Bank has three
subsidiaries, Southern Indiana Financial Corporation and FFCC, Inc. ( FFCC ), both of which are organized as Indiana
corporations, and First Savings Investments, Inc., a Nevada corporation. Southern Indiana Financial Corporation is an independent
insurance agency, offering various types of annuities and life insurance policies, but is currently inactive. FFCC participated
in the development and leasing of commercial real estate. First Savings Investments, Inc. holds and manages an investment securities
portfolio. The Captive, an insurance subsidiary of the Company formed during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014, is a Nevada corporation
that provides property and casualty insurance to the Company, the Bank and the Bank s active subsidiaries. In addition, the
Captive provides reinsurance to eight other third-party insurance captives for which insurance may not be currently available or
economically feasible in the insurance marketplace. 

In accordance with the
Plan of Complete Liquidation adopted by FFCC s board of directors and approval by the Bank as its sole shareholder on December
21, 2016, FFCC will voluntarily dissolve and completely liquidate effective December 31, 2016. As a result of the liquidation,
FFCC will distribute its net assets to the Bank on December 31, 2016. 

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION  

General   

First Savings Bank converted
its charter from a federal savings bank to an Indiana commercial bank on December 19, 2014. First Savings Bank, as an Indiana commercial
bank, is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions ( INDFI ).
As a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, First Savings Bank s primary federal regulator is the Federal Reserve Board
( FRB ). First Savings Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System and its deposit accounts are insured
up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. First Savings Bank must file reports with its regulatory agencies
concerning its activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals before entering into certain transactions
such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. There are periodic examinations by the INDFI and FRB to
evaluate First Savings Bank s safety and soundness and compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulatory structure
is intended primarily for the protection of the Deposit Insurance Fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the
regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies,
including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of an adequate allowance for loan losses
for regulatory purposes. Any change in such policies, whether by the INDFI, FRB, or Congress, could have a material adverse impact
on First Savings Financial Group and First Savings Bank and their operations. 

Certain of the regulatory
requirements that are or will be applicable to First Savings Bank and First Savings Financial Group are described below. This description
of statutes and regulations is not intended to be a complete explanation of such statutes and regulations and their effects on
First Savings Bank and First Savings Financial Group. 

Regulation of First Savings Bank  

Business Activities.  
The activities of Indiana banks, such as First Savings Bank, are governed by Indiana and federal laws and regulations. Those laws
and regulations delineate the nature and extent of the business activities in which banks may engage. As an Indiana commercial
bank, First Savings Bank is not constrained by percentage of assets or capital limits on specific types of lending, as was the
case with the previous federal savings bank charter. 

Federal law generally limits
the activities as principal and equity investments of FDIC insured state banks to those permitted for national banks. Activities
as principal of state bank subsidiaries are also limited to those permitted for subsidiaries of national banks, absent regulatory
approval for a particular subsidiary activity. In addition, federal law limits the authority of Federal Reserve System member banks,
such as First Savings Bank, to purchase investment securities. Generally, such authority is limited to investment securities permissible
for national banks, which includes investment grade, marketable debt obligations. Certain activities, such as the establishment
of new branches and mergers and acquisitions, require the prior approval of both the INDFI and the FRB. 

Loans to One Borrower.
   Indiana law establishes limits on a bank s loans to one borrower. Generally, subject to certain exceptions, an Indiana
bank may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15% of its unimpaired capital
and surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus, if secured by specified readily-marketable
collateral. These limits are similar to those applicable to First Savings Bank under its previous federal savings bank charter. 

Capital Requirements   .
 Federal regulations require FDIC insured depository institutions, including state chartered Federal Reserve System member banks,
to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5%, a Tier 1 capital
to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0%, a total capital to risk-based assets of 8% and a 4% Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage
ratio. The existing capital requirements were effective January 1, 2015 and are the result of a final rule implementing regulatory
amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

As noted, the capital standards
require the maintenance of common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets of
at least 4.5%, 6% and 8%, respectively, and a leverage ratio of at least 4% Tier 1 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital is
generally defined as common stockholders  equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity
Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock
and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital
(common equity Tier 1 capital plus Additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments
and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred
stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is
the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised
an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ( AOCI ), up to 45% of net unrealized
gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised
the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities).
Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 

In determining the amount
of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets
(e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by
the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories
believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0% is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight
of 50% is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one to four- family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100%
is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150% is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of
between 0% to 600% is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 

In addition to establishing
the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions by the institution and certain discretionary
bonus payments to management if an institution does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of
common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements.
The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and is increasing
each year until fully implemented at 2.5% on January 1, 2019. 

The FRB has authority to
establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon a determination that an institution s capital
level is or may become inadequate in light of the particular risks or circumstances. 

As of September 30, 2016,
First Savings Bank met all applicable capital adequacy requirements. 

Prompt Corrective
Regulatory Action.   Federal law establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized
institutions. The law requires that certain supervisory actions be taken against undercapitalized institutions, the severity of
which depends on the degree of undercapitalization. The FRB has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation
as to state member banks. The regulations were amended to incorporate the previously mentioned increased regulatory capital standards
that were effective January 1, 2015. An institution is deemed to be  well capitalized  if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0% or greater and
a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5% or greater. An institution is  adequately capitalized  if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0% or greater and
a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5% or greater. An institution is  undercapitalized  if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of less than 8.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0%, a leverage ratio of less than 4.0% or a common
equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5%. An institution is deemed to be  significantly undercapitalized  if it has a
total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0%, a leverage ratio of less
than 3.0% or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0%. An institution is considered to be  critically undercapitalized 
if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. 

Subject to a narrow exception,
a receiver or conservator is required to be appointed for an institution that is  critically undercapitalized  within
specified time frames. The regulations also provide that a capital restoration plan must be filed with the FRB within 45 days
of the date an institution is deemed to have received notice that it is  undercapitalized,   significantly undercapitalized 
or  critically undercapitalized.  Compliance with the plan must be guaranteed by any parent holding company up to the
lesser of 5% of the institution s total assets when it was deemed to be undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve
compliance with applicable capital requirements. In addition, numerous mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable
to an undercapitalized institution including, but not limited to, increased monitoring by regulators and restrictions on growth,
capital distributions and expansion. The FRB could also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions, including
the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and directors. Significantly and critically
undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional mandatory and discretionary measures. 

Insurance of Deposit
Accounts.   First Savings Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the
FDIC. Under the FDIC s existing risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one of four risk categories
based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors, with less risky institutions paying lower
assessments. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned and certain specified adjustments.
On February 7, 2011, the FDIC issued final rules, effective April 1, 2011, implementing changes to the assessment process.
The changes resulted from the Dodd-Frank Act s directive to base assessments on an institution s total assets less
tangible capital instead of deposits, as had been the FDIC s practice. The assessment rates (inclusive of adjustments) currently
range from two and one half to 45 basis points of total capital less tangible assets, depending upon the particular institution s
risk category. The rate schedules will automatically adjust in the future when the Deposit Insurance Fund reaches certain milestones.
No institution may pay a dividend if in default of the federal deposit insurance assessment. 

Due to difficult economic
conditions in 2008 and 2009, deposit insurance per account owner was raised to $250,000. That change was made permanent by the
Dodd-Frank Act. 

The Dodd-Frank Act increased
the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15% of estimated insured deposits to 1.35% of estimated insured deposits.
The FDIC must seek to achieve the 1.35% ratio by September 30, 2020. Insured institutions with assets of $10 billion
or more are supposed to fund the increase. The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5% maximum fund ratio, instead leaving it to the
discretion of the FDIC. The FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a target fund ratio of 2%, which it has established
as a long term goal. 

The FDIC has authority
to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating
expenses and results of operations of First Savings Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in
the future. 

Insurance of deposits may
be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound
condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FRB or
FDIC. The management of First Savings Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination
of deposit insurance. 

Limitation on Dividends.  
Indiana law authorizes a bank s board of directors to declare dividends out of profits as deemed expedient. However, application
to and the prior approval of the INDFI and FRB is required before payment of a dividend if total dividends for the calendar year
exceed net income for the year to date plus the amount of retained net income for the preceding two years. Federal law specifies
that a bank may not pay a dividend if it fails to satisfy any applicable federal capital requirement after the dividend. 

If First Savings Bank s
capital ever fell below its regulatory requirements or the FRB notified it that it was in need of increased supervision, its ability
to pay dividends or otherwise make capital distributions could be restricted. In addition, the INDFI and/or FRB could prohibit
a proposed capital distribution, which would otherwise be permitted by the regulation, if the regulator determined that such distribution
would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 

Standards for Safety
and Soundness.   The federal banking agencies have adopted Interagency Guidelines prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness
in various areas such as internal controls and information systems, internal audit, loan documentation and credit underwriting,
interest rate exposure, asset growth and quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The guidelines set forth the safety
and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions
before capital becomes impaired. If the FRB determines that a state member bank fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines,
the FRB may require the institution to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 

Community Reinvestment
Act.   All federally-insured banks have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations to
help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. An institution s failure
to satisfactorily comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could result in denials of regulatory applications.
First Savings Bank received a  satisfactory  Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recently completed examination. 

Transactions with
Related Parties.    Federal law limits First Savings Bank s authority to engage in transactions with  affiliates 
( e.g ., any entity that controls or is under common control with First Savings Bank, including First Savings Financial Group
and its other subsidiaries). The aggregate amount of covered transactions with any individual affiliate is limited to 10% of the
capital and surplus of a bank. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20% of a bank s
capital and surplus. Certain transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type specified
by federal law. The purchase of low quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. Transactions with affiliates must generally
be on terms and under circumstances that are at least as favorable to the institution as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with non-affiliated companies. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 generally prohibits loans by First Savings Financial Group to its executive officers and directors. However, the law contains
a specific exception for loans by a depository institution to its executive officers and directors in compliance with federal banking
laws. Under such laws, First Savings Bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and 10% shareholders
( insiders ), as well as entities such persons control, is limited. The laws limit both the individual and aggregate
amount of loans that First Savings Bank may make to insiders based, in part, on First Savings Bank s capital level and requires
that certain board approval procedures be followed. Such loans are required to be made on terms substantially the same as those
offered to unaffiliated individuals and not involve more than the normal risk of repayment. There is an exception for loans made
pursuant to a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to all employees of the institution and does not give preference
to insiders over other employees. Loans to executive officers are subject to additional limitations based on the type of loan involved. 

Enforcement.   
The INDFI maintains enforcement authority over First Savings Bank, including the power to issue cease and desist orders and civil
money penalties and remove directors, officers or employees. The INDFI also has the power to appoint a conservator or receiver
for a bank upon insolvency, imminent insolvency, unsafe or unsound condition or certain other situations. The FRB has primary federal
enforcement responsibility over Federal Reserve System member state banks and has authority to bring actions against the institution
and all institution-affiliated parties, including shareholders, and any attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or
recklessly participate in wrongful actions likely to have an adverse effect on the bank. Formal enforcement action may range from
the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors. Civil penalties cover a
wide range of violations and can amount to $25,000 per day, or even $1 million per day in especially egregious cases. The
FDIC, as deposit insurer, has the authority to recommend to the FRB that enforcement action be taken with respect to a member bank.
If action is not taken by the FRB, the FDIC has authority to take such action under certain circumstances. In general, regulatory
enforcement actions occur with respect to situations involving unsafe or unsound practices or conditions, violations of law or
regulation or breaches of fiduciary duty. Federal and Indiana law also establish criminal penalties for certain violations. 

Assessments.  
Indiana banks are required to pay assessments to the INDFI to fund the agency s operations. The assessments paid to the INDFI
by First Savings Bank for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 totaled $60,000. 

Federal Home Loan
Bank System.    First Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 12 regional Federal
Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. First
Savings Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB. First Savings Bank
was in compliance with this requirement with an investment in FHLB capital stock at September 30, 2016 of $6.0 million. 

Federal Reserve Board
System.    The FRB regulations require banks to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily Negotiable
Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and regular checking accounts). The regulations generally provide that reserves be maintained against
aggregate transaction accounts as follows for 2016: a 3% reserve ratio is assessed on net transaction accounts up to and including
$110.2 million; a 10% reserve ratio is applied above $110.2 million. The first $15.2 million of otherwise reservable balances (subject
to adjustments by the FRB) are exempted from the reserve requirements. First Savings Bank complies with the foregoing requirements.
The amounts are adjusted annually and, for 2017, establish a 3% reserve ratio for aggregate transaction accounts up to $115.1 million,
a 10% ratio above $115.1 million, and an exemption of $15.5 million. In October 2008, the FRB began paying interest on certain
reserve balances. 

Other Regulations   

First Savings Bank s
operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, including the: 

Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;   

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to
enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the
housing needs of the community it serves;   

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited
factors in extending credit;   

Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting
agencies;   

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection
agencies; and   

rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing
such federal laws.   

The operations of First
Savings Bank also are subject to laws such as the: 

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial
records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records;   

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic
deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers  rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated
teller machines and other electronic banking services; and   

Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as  Check 21 ), which gives  substitute
checks,  such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check.   

Holding Company Regulation   

General.  
Upon the charter conversion of First Savings Bank from a federal savings bank to an Indiana commercial bank, First Savings Financial
Group became a bank holding company rather than a savings and loan holding company, and simultaneously elected financial holding
company status. As a bank holding company, First Savings Financial Group is subject to FRB regulation, examination, supervision
and reporting requirements. In addition, the FRB has enforcement authority over First Savings Financial Group and its non-savings
institution subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined
to be a serious risk to First Savings Bank. The INDFI also has examination and enforcement authority since First Savings Financial
Group controls an Indiana bank. 

As a bank holding company,
First Savings Financial Group is required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB to acquire all, or substantially all, of the
assets of any other bank or bank holding company. Prior FRB approval is required for any bank holding company to acquire direct
or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the acquiring
bank holding company would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5% of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank
holding company. In addition to the approval of the FRB, prior approval may for such acquisitions also be necessary from other
agencies including the INDFI and agencies that regulate the target. 

A bank holding company
is generally prohibited from engaging in nonbanking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5% of the
voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for
activities found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.
Some of the principal activities that the FRB has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making
or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting
as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations
or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct
and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies.  

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being  well capitalized  and
 well managed,  to opt to become a  financial holding company  and thereby engage in a broader array of
financial activities than previously permitted. First Savings Financial Group has elected to become a financial holding company
because of the activities of the Captive. 

Bank holding companies
are generally subject to consolidated capital requirements established by the FRB. The Dodd-Frank Act required the FRB to amend
its consolidated minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies to make them no less stringent than those applicable to
insured depository institutions themselves. The previously discussed final rule concerning regulatory capital accomplished this
directive, effective January 1, 2015. However, legislation was enacted in December 2014 which required the FRB to amend its  Small
Bank Holding Company  exemption from consolidated bank holding company capital requirements to generally extend the applicability
of the exemption from $500 million to $1 billion in assets. Regulations doing so were effective May 15, 2015. Consequently, bank
holding companies of under $1 billion in consolidated assets, such as First Savings Financial Group, are exempt from consolidated
regulatory capital requirements, unless the FRB determines otherwise in particular cases. 

The FRB s policies
also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use
available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining
the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where
necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength doctrine.  

A bank holding company
is generally required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities
if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases
or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10% or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The FRB may
disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or
violate any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. There is
an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions.  

The FRB has issued a policy
statement regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares of common stock by bank holding companies.  In
general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings
retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial
condition. Regulatory guidance provides for prior regulatory consultation with respect to dividends in certain circumstances such
as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends  previously paid over that period, is
insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s
capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a holding company to pay dividends may be limited if a subsidiary
bank becomes undercapitalized. The guidance also provides for regulatory consultation prior to a bank holding company redeeming
or repurchasing regulatory capital instruments when the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or where the redemption
or repurchase of common or preferred stock cause a net reduction in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding at the end
of a quarter compared to the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurs. These regulatory policies could
affect the ability of First Savings Financial Group to pay dividends, repurchase shares of its stock or otherwise engage in capital
distributions. 

The status of First Savings
Financial Group as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act does not exempt it from certain federal
and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal
securities laws.  

Acquisition of Control.  
Under the federal Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of a bank holding company such as First Savings Financial
Group unless the FRB has been given 60 days  prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition,
taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive
effects of the acquisition.  Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable
proxies representing more than 25% of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the company s
directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquirer has the power to direct, or directly or indirectly to exercise
a controlling influence over, the management or policies of the institution.  Acquisition of more than 10% of any class
of a bank holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under the regulations under certain
circumstances including where, is the case with First Savings Financial Group, the issuer has registered securities under Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Indiana law requires INDFI approval for changes in control of companies controlling
Indiana banks, with  control  defined to mean power to direct the management or policies of the holding company or
power to vote at least 25% of the company s voting securities. 

Federal Securities Laws  

First Savings Financial
Group s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. First Savings Financial Group is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other
requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

INCOME TAXATION  

Federal Taxation  

General.   We
report our income on a fiscal year basis using the accrual method of accounting. The federal income tax laws apply to us in the
same manner as to other corporations with some exceptions, including particularly our reserve for bad debts discussed below. The
following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of the
tax rules applicable to us. For its 2016 fiscal year, the Company s maximum federal income tax rate was 34%. 

First Savings Financial
Group and First Savings Bank have entered into a tax allocation agreement. Because First Savings Financial Group owns 100% of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of First Savings Bank, First Savings Financial Group and First Savings Bank are members of
an affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, of which group First Savings Financial
Group is the common parent corporation. As a result of this affiliation, First Savings Bank may be included in the filing of a
consolidated federal income tax return with First Savings Financial Group and, if a decision to file a consolidated tax return
is made, the parties agree to compensate each other for their individual share of the consolidated tax liability and/or any tax
benefits provided by them in the filing of the consolidated federal income tax return. 

Our Federal income tax
returns have not been audited during the last five years. 

Bad Debt Reserves.
  For fiscal years beginning before June 30, 1996, thrift institutions that qualified under certain definitional tests and
other conditions of the Internal Revenue Code, as the Bank did prior to its conversion to a commercial bank in December 2014, were
permitted to use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable income for annual additions to their bad
debt reserve. A reserve could be established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans, generally secured by interests in
real property improved or to be improved, under the percentage of taxable income method or the experience method. The reserve for
nonqualifying loans was computed using the experience method. Federal legislation enacted in 1996 repealed the reserve method of
accounting for bad debts and the percentage of taxable income method for tax years beginning after 1995 and required savings institutions
to recapture or take into income certain portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves. Approximately $4.6 million of our accumulated
bad debt reserves would not be recaptured into taxable income unless First Savings Bank makes a  non-dividend distribution 
to First Savings Financial Group as described below. 

Distributions.   If
First Savings Bank makes  non-dividend distributions  to First Savings Financial Group, the distributions will be considered
to have been made from First Savings Bank s unrecaptured tax bad debt reserves, including the balance of its reserves as
of September 30, 1988, to the extent of the  non-dividend distributions,  and then from First Savings Bank s
supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent of those reserves, and an amount based on the amount distributed, but not
more than the amount of those reserves, will be included in First Savings Bank s taxable income. Non-dividend distributions
include distributions in excess of First Savings Bank s current and accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal
income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete liquidation. Dividends paid
out of First Savings Bank s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be so included in First Savings Bank s
taxable income. 

The amount of additional
taxable income triggered by a non-dividend distribution is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income,
is equal to the amount of the distribution. Therefore, if First Savings Bank makes a non-dividend distribution to First Savings
Financial Group, approximately one and one-half times the amount of the distribution not in excess of the amount of the reserves
would be includable in income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 34% federal corporate income tax rate. First Savings
Bank does not intend to pay dividends that would result in a recapture of any portion of its bad debt reserves. 

State Taxation  

Indiana.  
Effective July 1, 2013, Indiana amended its tax code to provide for reductions in the franchise tax rate. For the Company s
tax year ended September 30, 2016, Indiana imposed a 7.5% franchise tax based on a financial institution s adjusted gross
income as defined by statute. The Indiana franchise tax rate will be reduced to 7.0%, 6.5%, 6.5%, 6.25%, 6.0%, 5.5%, 5.0% and 4.9%
for the Company s tax years ending September 30, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 and years thereafter,
respectively. In computing adjusted gross income, deductions for municipal interest, U.S. Government interest, the bad debt deduction
computed using the reserve method and pre-1990 net operating losses are disallowed. 

Our state income tax returns
have not been audited during the last five years. 

Item 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

Our concentration in
non-owner occupied residential real estate loans may expose us to increased credit risk.  

At September 30, 2016,
$32.0 million, or 17.9% of our residential mortgage loan portfolio and 5.9% of our total loan portfolio, consisted of loans secured
by non-owner occupied residential properties. Loans secured by non-owner occupied properties generally expose a lender to greater
risk of non-payment and loss than loans secured by owner occupied properties because repayment of such loans depend primarily on
the tenant s continuing ability to pay rent to the property owner, who is our borrower, or, if the property owner is unable
to find a tenant, the property owner s ability to repay the loan without the benefit of a rental income stream. In addition,
the physical condition of non-owner occupied properties is often below that of owner occupied properties due to lax property maintenance
standards, which has a negative impact on the value of the collateral properties. Furthermore, some of our non-owner occupied residential
loan borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. At September 30, 2016, we had nine non-owner occupied residential loan
relationships, each having an outstanding balance over $500,000, with aggregate outstanding balances of $9.2 million. Consequently,
an adverse development with respect to one credit relationship may expose us to a greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development
with respect to an owner occupied residential mortgage loan. At September 30, 2016, nonperforming non-owner occupied residential
loans amounted to $274,000. Non-owner occupied residential properties held as real estate owned amounted to $57,000 at September
30, 2016. For more information about the credit risk we face, see   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management.   

Our emphasis on commercial
real estate lending and commercial business lending may expose us to increased lending risks.  

At September 30, 2016,
$259.3 million, or 46.9%, of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans. Subject
to market conditions, we intend to increase our origination of these loans. Commercial real estate loans generally expose a lender
to greater risk of non-payment and loss than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often
depends on the successful operation of the property and the income stream of the borrowers. Commercial real estate loans also typically
involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers both at origination and at maturity because many
of our commercial real estate loans are not fully-amortizing, but result in  balloon  balances at maturity. Commercial
business loans expose us to additional risks since they typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make
repayments from the cash flow of the borrower s business and are secured by non-real estate collateral that may depreciate
over time. In addition, some of our commercial borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse
development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship may expose us to a greater risk of loss compared to an adverse
development with respect to a one- to four-family residential mortgage loan. At September 30, 2016, nonperforming commercial business
loans and nonperforming commercial real estate loans totaled $136,000 and $1.6 million, respectively. For more information about
the credit risk we face, see   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   Risk Management.   

Our construction loan
and land and land development loan portfolios may expose us to increased credit risk.  

At September 30, 2016,
$69.1 million, or 12.5% of our loan portfolio consisted of construction loans, and land and land development loans, and $10.6 million,
or 18.3% of the construction loan portfolio (excluding portions participated to other financial institutions), consisted of speculative
construction loans at that date. Speculative construction loans are loans made to builders who have not identified a buyer for
the completed property at the time of loan origination. Subject to market conditions, we intend to continue to emphasize the origination
of construction loans and land and land development loans. These loan types generally expose a lender to greater risk of nonpayment
and loss than residential mortgage loans because the repayment of such loans often depends on the successful operation or sale
of the property and the income stream of the borrowers and such loans typically involve larger balances to a single borrower or
groups of related borrowers. In addition, many borrowers of these types of loans have more than one loan outstanding with us so
an adverse development with respect to one loan or credit relationship can expose us to significantly greater risk of non-payment
and loss. Furthermore, we may need to increase our allowance for loan losses through future charges to income as the portfolio
of these types of loans grows, which would adversely affect our earnings. For more information about the credit risk we face, see
  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management.   

We may suffer losses
in our loan portfolio despite our underwriting practices.   

Our results of operations
are significantly affected by the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Lending money is an essential part of the banking
business. However, borrowers do not always repay their loans. The risk of non-payment is historically small, but if nonpayment
levels are greater than anticipated, our earnings and overall financial condition, as well as the value of our common stock, could
be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that our underwriting practices or monitoring procedures and policies will reduce
certain lending risks. Loan losses can cause insolvency and failure of a financial institution and, in such an event, our stockholders
could lose their entire investment. In addition, future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect our earnings
and financial condition. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws,
may limit the amount that can be recovered on these loans. For more information about the credit risk we face, see   Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management.   

Our allowance for loan
losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses.   

Like all financial institutions,
we maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide for probable incurred losses due to loan defaults, non-performance, and other
qualitative factors. Our allowance for loan losses is based on our historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks
associated with our loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, loan portfolio performance, fair
value of collateral securing the loans, current economic conditions and geographic concentrations within the portfolio. Our allowance
for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely
affect our earnings and financial condition. For more information about our analysis and determination of allowance for loan losses,
see   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk
Management.   

Our SBA lending program
is dependent upon the federal government and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans.  

Our SBA lending program
is dependent upon the federal government. As an SBA Preferred Lender, we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject
to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically
reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk
management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation
of the lender s Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as a Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers
to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders. Also, any changes to the SBA program, including changes to the level of guarantee provided
by the federal government on SBA loans, could adversely affect our business and earnings. 

We generally sell the guaranteed
portion of our SBA 7(a) program loans in the secondary market. These sales have resulted in premium income for us at the time of
sale and created a stream of future servicing income. We may not be able to continue originating these loans or selling them in
the secondary market. Furthermore, even if we are able to continue originating and selling SBA 7(a) program loans in the secondary
market, we might not continue to realize premiums upon the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans. When we sell the guaranteed
portion of our SBA 7(a) program loans, we incur credit risk on the non-guaranteed portion of the loans, and if a customer defaults
on the non-guaranteed portion of a loan, we share any loss and recovery related to the loan pro-rata with the SBA. If the SBA establishes
that a loss on an SBA guaranteed loan is attributable to significant technical deficiencies in the manner in which the loan was
originated, funded or serviced by us, the SBA may seek recovery of the principal loss related to the deficiency from us, which
could adversely affect our business and earnings. 

The laws, regulations and
standard operating procedures that are applicable to SBA loan products may change in the future. We cannot predict the effects
of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results
of all commercial banks and bank holding companies, changes in the laws, regulations and procedures applicable to SBA loans could
adversely affect our business and earnings. 

If an other-than-temporary-impairment
is recorded in connection with our investment portfolio it could have a negative impact on our profitability.  

Our investment portfolio
consists primarily of U.S. government agency and sponsored enterprises securities, mortgage backed securities and collateralized
mortgage obligations issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored enterprises, municipal bonds, and privately-issued collateralized
mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities. We must evaluate these securities for other-than-temporary impairment loss ( OTTI )
on a periodic basis. The privately-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities exhibit signs of weakness,
which may necessitate an OTTI charge in the future should the financial condition of the pools deteriorate further. Also, given
the current economic environment and possible further deterioration in economic conditions, we may need to record an OTTI charge
for our other investments should the issuers of those securities experience financial difficulties. Any future OTTI charges could
adversely affect our earnings. 

A return of recessionary
conditions could result in increases in our level of nonperforming loans and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which
would lead to lower revenue, higher loan losses and lower earnings.   

A return of recessionary
conditions and/or continued negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the
markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Declines
in real estate values and sales volumes and increased unemployment levels may result in higher than expected loan delinquencies,
increases in our levels of nonperforming and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These negative
events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity, and financial condition. 

Changing interest rates
may hurt our earnings and asset value.   

Our net interest income
is the interest we earn on loans and investments less the interest we pay on our deposits and borrowings. Our net interest margin
is the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of funding.
Changes in interest rates up or down could adversely affect our net interest margin and, as a result, our net interest
income. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes
in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. Our liabilities
tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in response to changes in interest rates. As a result,
when interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our net interest margin
to contract until the yield catches up. Changes in the slope of the  yield curve  or the spread between short-term
and long-term interest rates could also reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning
short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the
yield curve flattens or even inverts, we could experience pressure on our net interest margin as our cost of funds increases relative
to the yield we can earn on our assets. Also, interest rate decreases can lead to increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed
securities as borrowers refinance their loans to reduce borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment
risk as we may have to redeploy such repayment proceeds into lower yielding investments, which would likely hurt our income. At
September 30, 2016, approximately $220.5 million, or 40.4% of the total loan portfolio, consisted of fixed-rate mortgage loans.
This investment in fixed-rate mortgage loans exposes the Company to increased levels of interest rate risk. 

Changes in interest rates
also affect the value of our interest-earning assets, and in particular our securities portfolio. Generally, the value of fixed-rate
securities fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are
reported as a separate component of equity, net of tax. Decreases in the fair value of securities available for sale resulting
from increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on stockholders  equity. For further discussion of how changes
in interest rates could impact us, see   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations  Risk Management   Interest Rate Risk Management.   

Liquidity risk could
impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition.   

Liquidity is essential
to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired
by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our
access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory
action against us. Our ability to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such
as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services
industry as a whole. 

If the goodwill that
we recorded in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could have a negative impact on our profitability.  

Goodwill represents the
amount of acquisition cost over the fair value of net assets we acquired in the purchase of another financial institution.  We
review goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of the asset might be impaired.  We determine impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit
goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill.  If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the
implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  Any such adjustments
are reflected in our results of operations in the periods in which they become known.  At September 30, 2016, our goodwill
totaled $7.9 million.  While we have recorded no such impairment charges since we initially recorded the goodwill, there
can be no assurance that our future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs,
which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulation of the financial
services industry is undergoing major changes and future legislation could increase our cost of doing business or harm our competitive
position.  

In 2010 and 2011, in response
to the financial crisis and recession that began in 2008, significant regulatory and legislative changes resulted in broad reform
and increased regulation impacting financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act has created a significant shift in the way financial
institutions operate. The Dodd-Frank Act also creates a new federal agency to administer consumer protection and fair lending laws,
a function that was formerly performed by the depository institution regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act contains various other provisions
designed to enhance the regulation of depository institutions. The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business and operations
will not be known for years until regulations implementing the statute are written and adopted. The Dodd-Frank Act may have a material
impact on our operations, particularly through increased regulatory burden and compliance costs. Any future legislative changes
could have a material impact on our profitability, the value of assets held for investment or collateral for loans. Future legislative
changes could require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses and potentially expose us to additional
costs, liabilities, enforcement action and reputational risk. 

In addition to the enactment
of the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal regulatory agencies have taken stronger supervisory actions against financial institutions that
have experienced increased loan losses and other weaknesses as a result of the recent economic crisis. The actions include entering
into written agreements and cease and desist orders that place certain limitations on operations. Federal bank regulators have
also been using with more frequency their ability to impose individual minimum capital requirements on banks, which requirements
may be higher than those required under the Dodd-Frank Act or that would otherwise qualify a bank as being  well capitalized 
under applicable prompt corrective action regulations. If we were to become subject to a regulatory agreement or higher individual
minimum capital requirements, such action may have a negative impact on our ability to execute our business plan, as well as our
ability to grow, pay dividends or engage in mergers and acquisitions and may result in restrictions in our operations. 

Additionally, in early
July 2013, the Federal Reserve approved revisions to their capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action rules that
implement the revised standards of Basel III, and address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III and the regulations
of the federal banking agencies require bank holding companies and banks to undertake significant activities to demonstrate compliance
with the new and higher capital standards. Compliance with these rules will impose additional costs on the Company and the Bank. 

Strong competition within
our primary market area could hurt our profits and slow growth.  

We face intense competition
both in making loans and attracting deposits. This competition has made it more difficult for us to make new loans and attract
deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in us earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits,
which would reduce net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult to grow loans and deposits. At June 30, 2016,
which is the most recent date for which data is available from the FDIC, we held approximately 12.17%, 2.78%, 34.48%, 81.84% and
10.86% of the FDIC-insured deposits in Clark, Floyd, Harrison, Crawford and Washington Counties, Indiana, respectively. Some of
the institutions with which we compete have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer services
that we do not provide. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological
changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our profitability depends upon our continued
ability to compete successfully in our primary market area. See   Item 1. Business   Market Area   and   Item
1. Business   Competition   for more information about our primary market area and the competition we face. 

Because the nature of
the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, we face significant operational risks.   

Operational risk is the
risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of
the Company and Bank, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology,
breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster recovery. This risk
of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance
with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential
negative publicity. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or improper employee
actions, we could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action and suffer damage to our reputation. 

A disruption, failure in or breach, including
cyber-attacks, of our operational, communications, information or security systems, or those of our third party vendors and other
service providers, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information,
damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.   

We rely heavily on communications
and information systems to conduct our business and face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination or capacity constraints
of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing agents, clearing houses or other
financial intermediaries. Any failure or interruption of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer
relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent
or limit the effect of the failure or interruption of these information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures
or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures or
interruptions of these information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional
regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on the secure processing,
storage and transmission of confidential and other information on our computer systems and networks. Although we take numerous
protective measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our and our clients  information across
all geographic and product lines, and endeavor to modify these protective measures as circumstances warrant, the nature of the
threats continues to evolve. As a result, our computer systems, software and networks and those of our customers may be vulnerable
to unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability
of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events that could have an adverse security impact
and result in significant losses by us and/or our customers. Despite the defensive measures we take to manage our internal technological
and operational infrastructure, these threats may originate externally from third parties, such as foreign governments, organized
crime and other hackers, and outsource or infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or the threats may originate
from within our organization. Given the increasingly high volume of our transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded
before they can be discovered and rectified. 

We are inherently exposed
to risks caused by the use of computer, internet and telecommunications systems, and susceptible to fraudulent activity that may
be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses to us or our clients, privacy breaches against our
clients or damage to our reputation. These risks include fraud by employees, customers and other outside entities targeting us
and/or our customers, and such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including internet fraud, check fraud, electronic fraud,
wire fraud, phishing, and other dishonest acts. In recent periods, there has been a rise in electronic fraudulent activity within
the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector, due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank
accounts. Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic fraudulent activity in
recent periods. Given such increase in electronic fraudulent activity and the growing level of use of electronic, internet-based
and networked systems to conduct business directly or indirectly with our clients, certain fraud losses may not be avoidable regardless
of the preventative and detection systems in place. 

Although, to date, we have
not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance
that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among
other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the outsourcing of some of our business operations and the continued uncertain
global economic environment. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources
to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 

We maintain an insurance
policy which we believe provides sufficient coverage at a manageable expense for an institution of our size and scope with similar
technological systems. However, we cannot assure that this policy will afford coverage for all possible losses or would be sufficient
to cover all financial losses, damages, penalties, including lost revenues, should we experience any one or more of our or a third
party s systems failing or experiencing attack. 

We operate in a highly
regulated environment and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations.  

The Bank is subject to
extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the INDFI, its chartering authority, the FRB, its primary federal regulator,
and the FDIC, as insurer of its deposits. The Company is also subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank
of St. Louis. Such regulation and supervision governs the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage,
and are intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and the depositors and borrowers of the Bank rather than for
holders of the Company s common stock. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement
activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the
level of our allowance for loan losses. If our regulators require us to charge-off loans or increase our allowance for loan losses,
our earnings would suffer. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations,
legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. For a further discussion, see   Item 1.
Business   Regulation and Supervision.   

We rely heavily on our
management team and the unexpected loss of any of those personnel could adversely affect our operations, and we depend on our ability
to attract and retain key personnel.  

We are a customer-focused
and relationship-driven organization. We expect our future growth to be driven in a large part by the relationships maintained
with our customers by our executive and other senior officers. Although we are party to non-compete and non-solicitation agreements
with certain executive, senior and other officers, the unexpected loss of any of our key employees could have an adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The implementation of our
business strategy will also require us to continue to attract, hire, motivate and retain skilled personnel to develop new customer
relationships as well as new financial products and services. The market for qualified employees in the businesses in which we
operate is competitive and we may not be successful in attracting, hiring or retaining key personnel. Our inability to attract,
hire or retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to pay dividends is subject to
certain limitations and restrictions, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue paying the same level of dividends
in the future that we paid in 2016 or that we will be able to pay future dividends at all.   

Our ability to declare
and pay dividends is subject to the guidelines of the FRB regarding capital adequacy and dividends, other regulatory restrictions,
and the need to maintain sufficient consolidated capital. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company is subject to
regulation by the INDFI, applicable Indiana law and the FRB, and is limited by the Bank s obligations to maintain sufficient
capital and liquidity. In addition, banking regulators may propose guidelines seeking greater liquidity and regulations requiring
greater capital requirements. If such new regulatory requirements were not met, the Bank would not be able to pay dividends to
the Company, and consequently we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

There is a limited trading market for our
stock and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them.   

The price of the common
stock purchased may decrease significantly. Although our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  FSFG ,
trading activity in the stock historically has been sporadic. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of liquidity
and order depends on the presence in the market of willing buyers and sellers at any given time. The presence of willing buyers
and sellers depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic conditions, all of which are beyond our control. 

Insiders have substantial
control over us, and this control may limit our shareholders  ability to influence corporate matters and may delay or prevent
a third party from acquiring control over us.  

As of December 16, 2016,
our directors, executive officers, and their related entities and persons currently beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately
20.4% of our outstanding common stock. The significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price
of our common stock due to investors  perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. In addition, these shareholders
will be able to exercise influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval
of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit
your ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, including a
merger, consolidation or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer
or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change in control would benefit our other shareholders. For information
regarding the ownership of our outstanding stock by our directors, executive officers, and their related entities and persons,
see  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters  in this Report. 

Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

Item 2.    PROPERTIES  

We conduct our business
through our main office and branch offices. The following table sets forth certain information relating to these facilities as
of September 30, 2016. 

The Bank owns two former
branch office locations that have been closed and the operations of which were consolidated into existing branch office operations.
The property located in Floyds Knobs, Indiana is utilized by the Bank as an operation center and the property located in Milltown,
Indiana, is valued at $85,500 and was included in  other real estate owned, held for sale  at September 30, 2016 on
the balance sheet of the Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

The Company owned a 4.077
acre parcel of land in New Albany, Indiana, which was developed by FFCC. The retail development included over 36,000 square feet
of leasable class-A retail space and included the Bank s New Albany branch office location. The retail development was sold
September 29, 2016, at which time a 10-year lease with several renewal options was executed between the Bank and the new buyer
for the branch office location. See Notes 5 and 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this
annual report for additional information regarding the sale of this property. 

The Company purchased an
8.097 acre parcel of land in Jeffersonville, Indiana, in July 2013 upon which it may locate a new main office and subsequently
divest of additional unused acreage in future years. However, there were no formal plans as of September 30, 2016 to proceed with
a new main office location or divestiture of the additional acreage. This land, with a carrying value of approximately $1.73 million,
was included in  premises and equipment  at September 30, 2016 on the balance sheet of the Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

Periodically, there have
been various claims and lawsuits against us, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we
hold security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business.
We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market for
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters  

The Company s common
stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market ( NASDAQ ) under the trading symbol  FSFG.  As of December
16, 2016, the Company had approximately 247 holders of record and 2,206,787 shares of common stock outstanding. The figure of shareholders
of record does not reflect the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or  street  name accounts through brokers.
See Item 1,   Business Regulation and Supervision Limitation on Capital Distributions   and Note 26
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for information regarding dividend
restrictions applicable to the Company. 

The following table provides
quarterly market price and dividend information per common share for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as reported
by NASDAQ. 

On November 16, 2016, the
Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about December 30,
2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 2, 2016. The Company currently intends to maintain a policy
of paying regular quarterly cash dividends; however, the Company cannot guarantee that it will pay dividends or that if paid, it
will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. 

Purchases of Equity Securities  

The following table presents
information regarding the Company s stock repurchase activity during the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)  On November 16, 2012, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase
program to acquire up to 230,217 shares, or 10.0% of the Company s outstanding common stock. Under the program, which has
no expiration date, repurchases are to be conducted through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, and are
to be made from time to time depending on market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of
shares to be repurchased by the Company. Repurchased shares will be held in treasury.   

Equity Compensation Plan
Information  

The following table sets
forth information as of September 30, 2016 about Company common stock that may be issued under the Company s equity compensation
plans. All plans were approved by the Company s stockholders. 

Plan category    
     Number of securities  to be issued upon  exercise of outstanding  options, warrants and  rights  (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)       
     Number of securities remaining  available for future issuance under  equity compensation plans  (excluding securities reflected in  column (a))  (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by
    security holders    
        187,050       
     $  13.25       
        88,000     

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
           N/A        
           N/A        
                 N/A      

Total    
        187,050       
     $  13.25       
        88,000     

In December 2015 the Company
adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2016 Plan ), which the Company s shareholders approved in February 2016.
The 2016 Plan provides for the award of stock options and restricted stock. The aggregate number of shares of the Company s
common stock available for issuance under the Plan may not exceed 88,000 shares, consisting of 66,000 stock options and 22,000
shares of restricted stock. As of September 30, 2016, no restricted shares and no stock options had been granted under the 2016
Plan. In November 2016, the Company granted 17,265 restricted shares, 42,895 incentive stock options and 8,400 non-statutory stock
options to directors, officers and key employees. The restricted shares and stock options granted will vest ratably over five years
and, once vested, the stock options are exercisable in whole or in part for a period up to ten years from the date of the award.
See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information. 

Item 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

The following tables contain
certain information concerning our consolidated financial position and results of operations, which is derived in part from our
audited consolidated financial statements. The following is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

(1)  Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on average interest-earning assets
and the weighted average cost on average interest-bearing liabilities. Tax exempt income is reported on a tax equivalent basis
using a federal marginal tax rate of 34%.   

(2)  Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets. Tax exempt income
is reported on a tax equivalent basis using a federal marginal tax rate of 34%.   

(3)  Represents other expenses divided by the sum of net interest income and other income.   

(4)  First Savings Financial Group was not subject to the regulatory capital requirements until its
conversion from a savings and loan holding company to a bank holding company in December 2014. Therefore, the capital amounts and
ratios presented for the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013, and 2012 are for the Bank only.   

Item 7.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION    

Overview  

Income.   Our
primary source of pre-tax income is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is
the income that we earn on our loans and investments, and interest expense, which is the interest that we pay on our deposits and
borrowings. Other significant sources of pre-tax income are service charges (mostly from service charges on deposit accounts and
loan servicing fees), increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance, fees from sale of residential mortgage and SBA loans
originated for sale in the secondary market, commissions on sales of securities and insurance products, rents from real estate
leasing, and net realized and unrealized gains on trading account securities. We also recognize income from the sale of investment
securities. 

Allowance for Loan
Losses.   The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. We evaluate
the need to establish allowances against losses on loans on a quarterly basis. When additional allowances are necessary, a provision
for loan losses is charged to earnings. 

Expenses.   The
noninterest expenses we incur in operating our business consist of salaries and employee benefits expenses, occupancy expenses,
data processing expenses, professional service fees, federal deposit insurance premiums, advertising, net losses on foreclosed
real estate and other miscellaneous expenses. Our noninterest expenses increased for the year ended September 30, 2016 when compared
to 2015 primarily as a result of increased compensation and benefits and data processing. 

Salaries and employee benefits
consist primarily of: salaries and wages paid to our employees; payroll taxes; and expenses for health insurance, retirement plans
and other employee benefits. We also recognize annual employee compensation expenses related to the equity incentive plan as the
equity incentive awards vest. See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual
report for additional information regarding the stock based compensation plans. 

Occupancy expenses, which
are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment, consist primarily of depreciation charges, furniture and equipment
expenses, maintenance, real estate taxes and costs of utilities. Depreciation of premises and equipment is computed using the straight-line
method based on the useful lives of the related assets, which range from three to 50 years. 

Data processing expenses
are the fees we pay to third parties for processing customer information, deposits and loans. Our data processing expenses increased
in the year ended September 30, 2016 when compared to 2015 primarily as a result of the replacement of customer magnetic strip
debit cards with EMV chip cards in 2016. 

Professional fees expense
represents the fees we pay to third parties for legal, accounting, investment advisory and other consulting services. Our professional
fees increased in the year ended September 30, 2016 when compared to 2015 primarily as a result of the Bank s enhancement
of the SBA lending program. 

Federal deposit insurance
premiums are payments we make to the FDIC to insure of our deposit accounts. 

Other expenses include
expenses for office supplies, postage, telephone, insurance, regulatory assessments and other miscellaneous operating expenses. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The accounting and reporting
policies of the Company comply with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
and conform to general practices within the banking industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions. The financial position and results of operations can be affected by these
estimates and assumptions, which are integral to understanding reported results. Critical accounting policies are those policies
that require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time an accounting estimate is made;
and different estimates that the Company reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate
that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, would have a material impact on the Company s financial condition,
changes in financial condition or results of operations. Most accounting policies are not considered by management to be critical
accounting policies. Several factors are considered in determining whether or not a policy is critical in the preparation of financial
statements. These factors include, among other things, whether the estimates are significant to the financial statements, the nature
of the estimates, the ability to readily validate the estimates with other information including third parties or available prices,
and sensitivity of the estimates to changes in economic conditions and whether alternative accounting methods may be utilized under
generally accepted accounting principles. Significant accounting policies, including the impact of recent accounting pronouncements,
are discussed in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The policies considered to be the critical accounting
policies are described below. 

Allowance for Loan
Losses.   The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover losses inherent in the
loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged
to income. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material
estimates required to establish the allowance are: loss exposure at default; the amount and timing of future cash flows on impacted
loans; value of collateral; and determination of loss factors to be applied to the various elements of the portfolio. All of these
estimates are susceptible to significant change. Management reviews the level of the allowance at least quarterly and establishes
the provision for loan losses based upon an evaluation of the portfolio, past loss experience, current economic conditions and
other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Although we believe that we use the best information available
to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic or other conditions
differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluation. In addition, the banking regulators, as an integral part
of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to recognize adjustments to
the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. A large loss could
deplete the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would adversely affect earnings. Note
1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report describes the methodology used
to determine the allowance for loan losses. The Company has not made any substantive changes to its methodology for determining
the allowance for loan losses during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, and there have been no material changes in the assumptions
or estimation techniques compared to prior years. 

Valuation Methodologies .
 In the ordinary course of business, management applies various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities that often
involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when active markets do not exist for the items being valued. Generally,
in evaluating various assets for potential impairment, management compares the fair value to the carrying value. Quoted market
prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as investment securities. However, for those items
for which market-based prices do not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. Examples
of these items include loans held for sale, loan servicing rights, goodwill and other intangible assets, foreclosed and other repossessed
assets, estimated present value of impaired loans, value ascribed to stock-based compensation and certain other financial investments.
The use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative
effects on the Company s results of operations. See Notes 22 and 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning
on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information. 

Deferred Tax Assets  .
Income tax expense involves estimates related to the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount management believes is more likely than not to be realized. In evaluating the realization of
deferred tax assets, management considers the likelihood that sufficient taxable income of appropriate character will be generated
within carryback and carryforward periods, including consideration of available tax planning strategies. See Note 18 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information. 

Operating Strategy  

Our mission is to operate
and grow a profitable community-oriented financial institution. We plan to achieve this by executing our strategy of: 

continuing our historical focus on residential
mortgage lending but de-emphasizing residential mortgage lending secured by non-owner occupied properties;    

pursuing opportunities to increase commercial
real estate lending and commercial business lending, including SBA 7(a) program lending;    

improving customer service and product
offerings by leveraging the Bank s investment in the core operating system and in new technology;    

providing exceptional customer service
to attract and retain customers;    

promoting our presence, brand image and
product offerings in our primary market area;     

continuing to monitor asset quality and
credit risk in the loan and investment portfolios;    

recognizing improvements in noninterest
income with respect to service charges on deposits as a result of restructuring deposit account types and fees, interchange income
as a result of promoting increased debit card usage, commission income related to non-deposit investment products, and gains on
sales of mortgage loans and portions of loans guaranteed by the SBA in the secondary market;    

expanding our market share and market
area by opening new branch offices and pursuing opportunities to acquire other financial institutions or branches; and    

increasing shareholder value through stock
repurchase programs and dividends.    

Continuing our historical focus on residential
mortgage lending but de-emphasizing residential mortgage lending secured by non-owner occupied properties.   

Historically, our predominant
lending activity has been residential mortgage lending in our primary market area. A significant portion of the residential mortgage
loans that we had originated before 2005 are secured by non-owner occupied properties, which generally carry a greater risk of
loss than loans secured by owner-occupied properties. However, since 2005, we have de-emphasized non-owner occupied residential
mortgage lending and have focused, and intend to continue to focus, our residential mortgage lending primarily on originating residential
mortgage loans secured by owner-occupied properties. At September 30, 2016, 32.2% of our total loans were residential mortgage
loans and 17.9% of our residential mortgage loans were secured by non-owner occupied properties. We intend to continue our emphasis
on residential mortgage lending because this type of lending generally carries lower credit risk and has contributed to our historically
favorable asset quality. 

Pursuing opportunities
to increase commercial real estate lending and commercial business lending.   

Commercial real estate
loans and commercial business loans provide us the opportunity to earn more income because these loans generally have higher interest
rates than residential mortgage loans in order to compensate for the increased credit risk. In recent periods, we have focused
more heavily on commercial real estate and commercial business lending and intend to continue pursuing these lending opportunities.
At September 30, 2016, commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans represented 39.3% and 7.6%, respectively, of
our total loans. 

During 2013, we began a
commercial real estate lending program that is focused on loans to high net worth individuals that are secured by low loan-to-value,
single-tenant commercial properties that are generally leased to investment grade national-brand retailers, the borrowers and collateral
properties for which are outside of our primary market area. This program is designed to diversify the Company s geographic
and credit risk profile given the geographic dispersion of the loans and collateral, and the investment grade credit of the national-brand
lessees. The Company originated $38.5 million of these loans during the year ended September 30, 2016 and the portfolio balance
was $93.3 million at September 30, 2016. 

Beginning in April 2015,
the Bank hired a management team, business development officers (loan officers), underwriters and supporting staff that are seasoned
and experienced in U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) lending in order to enhance the Company s proficiency
in SBA 7(a) and other program loan originations and sales. The Bank intends to continue hiring additional business development
officers and appropriate supporting staff in order to grow this program, the borrowers and collateral for which are outside of
our primary market area. The primary purpose of the program is to originate SBA 7(a) program loans and sell the amounts guaranteed
by the SBA in the secondary market. The program is also designed to diversify the Company s geographic and interest rate
risk profile with respect to the retained unguaranteed amounts given the geographic dispersion of the loans and collateral, and
their floating rate structure. The Company originated SBA loans with a total commitment of $27.0 million during the year end September
30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, $23.5 million of SBA loans included sold guaranteed portions of $13.6 million, for a net position
of $10.0 million outstanding in our portfolio. 

Improving customer
service and product offerings with new technology.   

We continue to enhance
our proficiencies and refine the processes for the core operating system in order to enhance the customer experience. In addition,
we continue to improve product offerings and services to our customers with core-related and ancillary technologies, including
mobile banking, mobile check capture, person-to-person and business-to-business payment capabilities, and automated teller machines
with check imaging for self-service deposit transactions. 

Providing exceptional
customer service to attract and retain customers.   

As a community-oriented
financial institution, we emphasize providing exceptional customer service as a means to attract and retain customers. We deliver
personalized service and respond with flexibility to customer needs. We believe that our community orientation is attractive to
our customers and distinguishes us from the larger banks that operate in our primary market area. 

Continuing to monitor
asset quality and credit risk.   

Our strategy for credit
risk management focuses on having well-defined credit policies and uniform underwriting criteria and providing prompt attention
to potential problem loans. During the years 2012 through 2015, we placed special emphasis on the improvement of asset quality
and reductions in the levels of classified and criticized assets, which has resulted in significant improvements. We will continue
to place emphasis on maintaining a robust credit culture, improving asset quality, and reducing classified and criticized assets.
For more information about our monitoring of credit risk and improvement in levels of classified and criticized assets, see   Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management.   

Recognizing improvements
in noninterest income.   

The Company underperforms
compared to its peers with respect to service charges on deposit fee income. Therefore, the Company continues to focus on enhancing
service charges on deposit fee income as the Bank continues to transition its deposit base to that more consistent with a commercial
bank, and seek alternative sources of noninterest income. In addition, the Company expects to generate additional noninterest income
as a result of gains on sales of loan amounts guaranteed by the SBA sold in the secondary market. 

Expanding our market
share and market area.   

We intend to continue to
pursue opportunities to expand our market share and market area by seeking to open additional branch offices and pursuing opportunities
to acquire other financial institutions or branches of other financial institutions in our primary market area and surrounding
areas. 

Increasing shareholder
value through stock repurchase programs and dividends.   

The Company has been active
in the repurchase of its common shares and has purchased and committed a net of 337,255 shares to treasury as of September 30,
2016, which represents 13.3% of the 2,542,042 common shares issued in its public offering in October 2008. In addition, the Company
has 73,657 common shares remaining for repurchase under the stock repurchase program approved by its Board of Directors on November
16, 2012. Under the program, repurchases are to be conducted through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions,
and are to be made from time to time depending on market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact number
of shares to be repurchased by the Company. For more information about our stock repurchases, see   Item 5. Market for
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   

The Company paid a cash
dividend of $0.12 per common share during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 and increased the quarterly cash dividend plan to
$0.13 per common share beginning with the quarter ended March 31, 2016, under which it paid $0.13 per common share for the quarters
ended March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2016, for a total of $0.51 per common share paid during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016. The Company currently intends to maintain a policy of paying regular quarterly cash dividends; however, the Company cannot
guarantee that it will pay dividends or that if paid, it will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. For more information
about our dividends, see   Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities.   

Balance Sheet Analysis  

Cash and Cash Equivalents.  
At September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash and cash equivalents totaled $29.3 million and $25.0 million, respectively. The Bank is required
to maintain reserve balances on hand and with the Federal Reserve Bank, which are unavailable for investment but interest-bearing.
The average amount of those reserve balances for the year ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $10.3 million. 

Loans.   Our
primary lending activity is the origination of loans secured by real estate. We originate one- to four-family mortgage loans, multifamily
loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and construction loans. To a lesser extent, we originate various
consumer loans including home equity lines of credit. 

At September 30, 2016,
residential mortgage loans totaled $178.4 million, or 32.2% of total loans, compared to $181.9 million, or 37.2% of total loans
at September 30, 2015. Total residential mortgage loan balances decreased in 2016 primarily due to repayments and refinancings
that were sold in the secondary market. We generally originate loans for investment purposes, although, depending on the interest
rate environment, we typically sell 25-year and 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate into the secondary
market in order to limit exposure to interest rate risk and to earn noninterest income. Management intends to continue offering
short-term adjustable rate residential mortgage loans and generally sell long-term fixed rate mortgage loans in the secondary market
with servicing released. 

Commercial real estate
loans totaled $217.4 million, or 39.3% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $173.0 million, or 35.9% of total loans
at September 30, 2015. The balance of commercial real estate loans has increased primarily due to the previously discussed lending
program that is focused on loans secured by low loan-to-value, single-tenant commercial properties that are generally leased to
investment grade national-brand retailers, the borrowers and collateral properties for which are outside of our primary market
area. Management continues to focus on pursuing nonresidential loan opportunities in order to further diversify the loan portfolio. 

Multi-family real estate
loans totaled $18.4 million, or 3.3% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $21.6 million, or 4.5% of total loans at
September 30, 2015. These loans are primarily secured by apartment buildings and other multi-tenant developments in our primary
market area. 

Residential construction
loans totaled $24.3 million, or 4.4% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 of which $10.6 million were speculative construction
loans. At September 30, 2015, residential construction loans totaled $19.7 million, or 4.1% of total loans, of which $8.9
million were speculative loans. The increase in residential construction loans is due primarily to the continuing recovery of the
housing market. 

Commercial construction
loans totaled $33.7 million, or 6.1% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $15.5 million, or 3.2% of total loans at
September 30, 2015. The increase is due primarily to the increase of commercial construction in our primary market area. 

Land and land development
loans totaled $11.1 million, or 2.0% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $11.1 million, or 2.3% of total loans at
September 30, 2015. These loans are primarily secured by vacant lots to be improved for residential and nonresidential development,
and farmland. 

Commercial business loans
totaled $42.0 million, or 7.6% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $32.6 million, or 6.8% of total loans, at September
30, 2015. The increase is due primarily to the increase of commercial business lending opportunities in our primary market area.
Management continues to focus on pursuing commercial business loan opportunities in order to further diversify the loan portfolio. 

Consumer loans totaled $28.3 million, or
5.1% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $27.0 million, or 5.6% of total loans, at September 30, 2015. In general,
organic consumer loans including automobile loans, home equity lines of credit, unsecured loans and loans secured by deposits,
has only slightly increased due to pay-downs, payoffs, charge-offs and management s decision to focus on other lending opportunities
with less inherent credit risk. Home equity lines of credit increased $1.9 million, or 10.0%, while automobile loans decreased
$594,000, or 10.9%, and other consumer loans decreased $57,000, or 2.6%, from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016.   

The following table sets forth the composition
of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

Loan Maturity  

The following table sets
forth certain information at September 30, 2016 regarding the dollar amount of loan principal repayments becoming due during the
period indicated. The table does not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly shorten the average life of all loans
and may cause our actual repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments
and no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less. 

(1)       Includes
multi-family loans. 

 (2)       Includes
farmland and land and land development loans. 

 (3)       Includes construction loans for which the
Bank has committed to provide permanent financing. 

Fixed vs. Adjustable Rate Loans  

The following table sets
forth the dollar amount of all loans at September 30, 2016 that are due after September 30, 2017, and have either fixed interest
rates or adjustable interest rates. The amounts shown below exclude unearned loan origination fees. 

(1)       Includes
multi-family loans. 

 (2)       Includes
farmland and land and land development loans. 

Trading Account Securities.   Our
trading account securities represent an investment in a managed brokerage account that invests in small and medium lot, investment
grade municipal bonds. The brokerage account is managed by an investment advisory firm registered with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, trading account securities recorded at fair value totaled $9.3 million and
$9.0 million, respectively, comprised of investment grade municipal bonds. See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding trading account securities. 

Securities Available
for Sale.   Our available for sale securities portfolio consists primarily of U.S. government agency and sponsored enterprises
securities, mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored
enterprises, municipal bonds, privately-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities, and a pass-through
asset-backed security guaranteed by the SBA. Available for sale securities decreased by $3.8 million, from $178.3 million at September
30, 2015 to $174.5 million at September 30, 2016, due primarily to maturities and calls of $6.7 million and principal repayments
of $14.7 million, which more than offset purchases of $15.7 million and unrealized gains of $2.6 million. There were no sales recognized
in 2016. 

Securities Held to
Maturity.   Our held to maturity securities portfolio consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored
enterprises and municipal bonds. Held to maturity securities decreased by $1.5 million from September 30, 2015 to September 30,
2016, due primarily to maturities and principal repayments of $1.6 million. 

The following table sets forth the amortized
costs and fair values of our investment securities at the dates indicated. 

The following table sets
forth the stated maturities and weighted average yields of debt securities at September 30, 2016. Weighted average yields on tax-exempt
securities are presented on a tax equivalent basis using a federal marginal tax rate of 34%. Certain mortgage-backed securities
and collateralized mortgage obligations have adjustable interest rates and will reprice annually within the various maturity ranges.
These repricing schedules are not reflected in the table below. Weighted average yield calculations on investments available for
sale do not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected as a component of equity. 

As of September 30, 2016,
we did not own any investment securities of a single issuer that had an aggregate book value in excess of 10% of the Company s
stockholders  equity at that date, other than securities and obligations issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored
enterprises. 

Deposits.   Deposit
accounts, generally obtained from individuals and businesses throughout our primary market area, are our primary source of funds
for lending and investments. Our deposit accounts are comprised of noninterest-bearing accounts, interest-bearing savings, checking
and money market accounts and time deposits. Deposits increased $46.2 million from $533.3 million at September 30, 2015 to $579.5
million at September 30, 2016. The Bank recognized increases in time deposits of $15.3 million, interest-bearing savings accounts
of $9.4 million, interest-bearing checking accounts of $9.1 million, noninterest-bearing checking accounts of $8.7 million and
money market deposit accounts of $3.7 million when comparing the two years. Brokered certificates of deposit totaled $81.5 million
at September 30, 2016 compared to $59.4 million at September 30, 2015. We have continued to promote relationship-oriented deposit
accounts but at times also utilize brokered certificates of deposit as a lower-cost alternative to retail time deposits. In addition,
we have continued to develop and promote cash management services including sweep accounts and remote deposit capture in order
to increase the level of commercial deposit accounts. We believe that the development and promotion of these products has made
us more competitive in attracting commercial deposits during recent periods. 

The following table sets
forth the balances of our deposit accounts at the dates indicated. 

The following table indicates
the amount of jumbo certificates of deposit by time remaining until maturity as of September 30, 2016. Jumbo certificates of deposit
require minimum deposits of $100,000. 

The following table sets forth time deposits
classified by rates at the dates indicated. 

The following table sets
forth the amount and maturities of time deposits at September 30, 2016. 

Borrowings.  
We use borrowings from the FHLB consisting of advances and borrowings under a line of credit arrangement to supplement our supply
of funds for loans and investments. We also utilize retail repurchase agreements as a source of borrowings. 

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding the Bank s use of FHLB borrowings. 

The outstanding balance
of borrowings from the FHLB increased $16.7 million, from $104.9 million at September 30, 2015 to $121.6 million at September 30,
2016. FHLB borrowings are primarily used to fund loan demand and to purchase available for sale securities. See Note 13 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding FHLB
borrowings. 

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding the Bank s use of borrowings under retail repurchase agreements. 

See Note 12 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding repurchase
agreements. 

Other Long-Term
Debt.   On July 27, 2012, FFCC entered into a loan agreement with another financial institution to finance the retail development
project discussed in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. The
loan had a maximum commitment of $5.0 million and the outstanding balance of the loan was $4.6 million at September 30, 2015.
The real estate development was sold on September 29, 2016, at which time the loan was repaid in full. See Note 14 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding other long-term
debt. 

Stockholders 
Equity  . Stockholders  equity decreased $7.8 million, from $94.4 million at September 30, 2015 to $86.6 million at
September 30, 2016. The decrease is due to the redemption of $17.1 million of preferred stock, which was originally issued pursuant
to the Small Business Lending Fund ( SBLF ) program of the United States Department of the Treasury. The redemption
of the SBLF preferred stock was partially offset by retained net income of $6.7 million and an increase in the net unrealized gain
on available for sale securities of $1.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2016. See Note 26 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding the SBLF program preferred
stock. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.  
The Company reported net income of $7.9 million and net income available to common shareholders of $7.8 million ($3.41 per common
share diluted; weighted average common shares outstanding of 2,303,628, as adjusted) for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared
to net income of $6.8 million and net income available to common shareholders of $6.6 million ($2.93 per common share diluted;
weighted average common shares outstanding of 2,247,966, as adjusted) for the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a $4.7 million historic structure rehabilitation tax credit related to its equity investment
in a community-based economic development ( CBED ) project, which resulted in a net tax benefit of $2.3 million for
the year. As a result of the recognition of the tax credit, the Company also recognized a $4.2 million impairment loss in noninterest
income during the year ended September 30, 2016 related to the equity investment in the CBED project. The net impact of the tax
benefit and the impairment loss was a $332,000 increase in net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended
September 30, 2016, the Company also recognized $2.0 million in other income related to the gain on sale of its commercial real
estate development in New Albany, Indiana ( Wesley Commons ). Excluding these nonrecurring items, the Company would
have reported net income and net income available to common shareholders of $6.5 million, or $2.80 per diluted share, for the year
ended September 30, 2016. Net income for 2015 included an $831,000 gain on life insurance. Excluding the impact of this nonrecurring
item, the Company would have reported net income of $6.1 million and net income available to common shareholders of $5.9 million,
or $2.64 per diluted share, for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income.  
Net interest income increased $1.1 million or 4.5%, from $24.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 to $25.3 million for
the year ended September 30, 2016, primarily as the result of an increase in the average balance of interest earning assets from
2015 to 2016, which more than offset a decrease in the interest rate spread from 2015 to 2016. The interest rate spread, the difference
between the average tax-equivalent yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, decreased
from 3.74% for 2015 to 3.71% for 2016 due primarily to an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities from
$565.9 million for 2015 to $591.1 million for 2016, and an increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities from 0.67%
for 2015 to 0.70% for 2016. 

Total interest income increased
$1.5 million, or 5.2%, from $28.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 to $29.5 million for the year ended September 30,
2016. The increase in total interest income is due primarily to an increase in the average balance of interest earning assets of
$35.0 million, from $661.6 million for 2015 to $696.6 million for 2016, with the average tax-equivalent yield on interest-earning
assets of 4.41% for both 2015 and 2016. The increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets primarily relates to increases
in the average balance of loans of $36.3 million and interest-bearing deposits with banks of $4.5 million. 

Interest income on loans
increased $1.5 million, or 6.7%, from $21.4 million for 2015 to $22.9 million for 2016, due primarily to an increase in the average
balance of loans outstanding of $36.3 million, from $452.4 million for 2015 to $488.7 million, which more than offset the change
in total interest income due to a decrease in the average tax-equivalent yield on loans from 4.76% for 2015 to 4.70% for 2016.
The increase in the average balance of loans outstanding is due primarily to an increase in commercial real estate mortgage loans,
as a result of the previously discussed lending program that is focused on loans secured by low loan-to-value, single-tenant commercial
properties that are generally leased to investment grade national-brand retailers, the borrowers and collateral properties for
which are outside of our primary market area. 

Interest income on investment
securities decreased $36,000, or 0.6%, totaling $6.2 million for both 2015 and 2016. The decrease in interest income on investment
securities is due primarily to a decrease in the average balance of investment securities of $5.6 million, from $185.2 million
for 2015 to $179.6 million for 2016, which more than offset the change in total interest income due to an increase in the average
tax-equivalent yield on investment securities from 3.93% for 2015 to 4.10% for 2016. The increase in the average tax-equivalent
yield on investment securities was due primarily to an increased investment in municipal bonds, which generally provide a higher
rate of interest than securities issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored enterprises. 

Total interest expense
increased $389,000, or 10.2%, due primarily to an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities of $25.2 million,
from $565.9 million for 2015 to $591.1 million for 2016, and an increase in the average cost of funds from 0.67% for 2015 to 0.70%
for 2016. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits increased $18.8 million, or 4.0%, from $465.4 million for 2015 to $484.2
million for 2016, and the average cost of funds for deposits was 0.52% for 2015 compared to 0.51% for 2016. The average balance
of borrowings increased $6.4 million, or 6.4%, from $100.5 million for 2015 to $106.9 million for 2016, and the average cost of
funds for borrowings was 1.34% for 2015 compared to 1.57% for 2016. The average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased
for 2016 primarily as a result of the lengthening of maturities of wholesale funding liabilities in order to reposition the Company s
interest rate risk sensitivity position. 

Average Balances
and Yields.   

The following tables present
information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from
average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the
resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or
expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. Nonaccrual loans are included
in average balances only. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are not material. Tax exempt income on loans and
investment securities has been calculated on a tax equivalent basis using a federal marginal tax rate of 34%. 

(1)  Includes FHLB borrowings, repurchase agreements and other long-term debt.   

Rate/Volume Analysis.
  The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows
the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the sum of the prior columns. Changes
attributable to changes in both rate and volume have been allocated proportionally based on the absolute dollar amounts of change
in each. 

(1)  Includes FHLB borrowings, repurchase agreements and other long-term debt.   

Provision for Loan
Losses.   The provision for loan losses decreased $222,000, or 25.8%, from $859,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015
to $637,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The gross loan portfolio increased $71.1 million, from $482.5 million at September
30, 2015 to $553.6 million at September 30, 2016, primarily in the commercial real estate mortgage and commercial business loan
portfolios. However, net charge-offs in 2016 were $139,000 compared to $485,000 for 2015 and nonperforming loans decreased $508,000
from $4.4 million at September 30, 2015 to $3.9 million at September 30, 2016. The consistent application of management s
allowance for loan losses methodology resulted in an increase in the level of the allowance for loan losses consistent with the
growth in the commercial real estate mortgage loan portfolio. See   Analysis of Nonperforming and Classified Assets  
included herein. It is management s assessment that the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 was adequate and
appropriately reflected the inherent risk of loss in the Bank s loan portfolio at that date. 

Noninterest Income.
  Noninterest income decreased $2.6 million, or 43.6%, from $6.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 to $3.4 million
for the year ended September 30, 2016. The decrease was due primarily to the aforementioned $4.2 million impairment loss on the
CBED project investment in 2016, a $413,000 decrease in unrealized gain on loans held for sale, a $105,000 decrease in service
charges on deposit accounts, a $139,000 decrease in real estate lease income and an $831,000 gain on life insurance policies in
2015, which more than offset increases in net gain on sale of premises and equipment, net gain on sale of real estate development,
net gain on sale of loans, and net gain on trading account securities of $168,000, $1.9 million, $734,000 and $308,000, respectively.
The increases in net gain on sale of premises and equipment and net gain on sale of real estate development are due primarily to
the aforementioned $2.0 million gain on sale of Wesley Commons in September 2016. The increase in net gain on sale of loans is
due primarily to the sale of loans guaranteed by the SBA. 

Noninterest Expense.  
Noninterest expenses increased $1.4 million, or 6.8%, from $21.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 to $22.4 million
for the year ended September 30, 2016. The increase was due primarily to increases in compensation and benefits and data processing
expenses of $1.0 million and $197,000, respectively. The increase in compensation and benefits expense is due primarily to increased
staffing as a result of the Company s enhanced focus on its SBA lending activities, and normal salary, wage and benefits
increases, which more than offset a decrease in ESOP compensation expense. The ESOP loan was repaid in full during the quarter
ended December 31, 2015 and, as a result, no ESOP compensation expense was recognized during the remainder of the 2016 fiscal year.
The increase in data processing expense is due primarily to the replacement of customer magnetic strip debit cards with EMV chip
debit cards and data processing expense related to SBA lending activities. 

Income Tax Expense.  
The Company recognized an income tax benefit of $2.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to income tax expense
of $1.6 million, for an effective tax rate of 18.9%, for the year ended September 30, 2015. The tax benefit for 2016 was due to
the aforementioned recognition of the $4.7 million tax credit as a result of the CBED project investment. See Note 18 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding income taxes. 

Risk Management  

Overview.   Managing
risk is essential to successfully managing a financial institution. Our most prominent risk exposures are credit risk, interest
rate risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of not collecting the interest and/or the principal balance of a loan or investment
when it is due. Interest rate risk is the potential reduction of interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. Market
risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as available-for-sale
securities that are accounted for on a mark-to-market basis. Other risks that we face are operational risks, liquidity risks and
reputation risk. Operational risks include risks related to fraud, regulatory compliance, processing errors, technology and disaster
recovery. Liquidity risk is the possible inability to fund obligations to depositors, lenders or borrowers. Reputation risk is
the risk that negative publicity or press, whether true or not, could cause a decline in our customer base or revenue or in the
value of our common stock. The Company has implemented an enterprise risk management structure in order to better manage and mitigate
these identified and perceived risks. 

Credit Risk Management.
  Our strategy for credit risk management focuses on having well-defined credit policies and uniform underwriting criteria
and providing prompt attention to potential problem loans. 

When a borrower fails to
make a required loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current
status. When the loan becomes 15 days past due, a late notice is sent to the borrower and a late fee is assessed. When the loan
becomes 30 days past due, a more formal letter is sent. Between 15 and 30 days past due, telephone calls are also made to the borrower.
After 30 days, we regard the borrower as in default. The borrower may be sent a letter from our attorney and we may commence collection
proceedings. If a foreclosure action is instituted and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced before the
foreclosure sale, the real property securing the loan generally is sold at foreclosure. Generally, when a consumer loan becomes
60 days past due, we institute collection proceedings and attempt to repossess any personal property that secures the loan. Generally,
we institute foreclosure proceedings when a loan is 60 days past due. Management obtains the approval of the Board of Directors
to proceed with foreclosure of property. Management informs the Board of Directors monthly of all loans in nonaccrual status, all
loans in foreclosure and all repossessed property and assets that we own. 

Analysis of Nonperforming
and Classified Assets.   We consider nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, repossessed assets and loans that are
90 days or more past due to be nonperforming assets. Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days delinquent
at which time the accrual of interest ceases and the allowance for any uncollectible accrued interest is established and charged
against operations. Typically, payments received on a nonaccrual loan are first applied to the outstanding principal balance. 

Real estate that we acquire
as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned until it is sold. When property
is acquired it is recorded at its fair market value less estimated costs to sell at the date of foreclosure. Holding costs and
declines in fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding other real estate owned. 

The following table provides
information with respect to our nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. Included in nonperforming loans are loans for which
the Bank has modified the repayment terms, and therefore are considered to be troubled debt restructurings. The Bank had 35 troubled
debt restructurings totaling $7.5 million, which were performing according to their terms and on accrual status, as of September
30, 2016. See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional
information regarding trouble debt restructurings. 

Federal regulations require
us to review and classify our assets on a regular basis. In addition, the Bank s regulators have the authority to identify
problem assets and, if appropriate, require them to be classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard,
doubtful and loss.  Substandard assets  must have one or more defined weaknesses and are characterized by the distinct
possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Doubtful assets  have the weaknesses
of substandard assets with the additional characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis
of currently existing facts, conditions and values questionable, and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified  loss 
is considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset of the institution, without establishment of
a specific allowance or charge-off, is not warranted. The regulations also provide for a  special mention  category,
described as assets which do not currently expose us to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification but do possess credit
deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving our close attention. When we classify an asset as doubtful we may establish a specific
allowance for loan losses. If we classify an asset as loss, we charge off an amount equal to 100% of the portion of the asset classified
loss. 

The following table shows
the aggregate amounts of investment in classified and criticized assets at the dates indicated. 

(1)  Includes substandard loans and investment securities, other real estate owned and repossessed assets.   

Classified assets includes
loans that are classified due to factors other than payment delinquencies, such as lack of current financial statements and other
required documentation, insufficient cash flows or other deficiencies, and, therefore, are not included as nonperforming assets.
Other than as disclosed in the above tables, there are no other loans where management has serious doubts about the ability of
the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms. Classified assets also include investment securities that have experienced
a downgrade of the security s credit quality rating by various rating agencies. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company held seventeen privately-issued CMO and ABS securities with an aggregate carrying value of $2.0 million and fair value
of $2.8 million that have been downgraded to a substandard regulatory classification due to a downgrade of the security s
credit quality rating by various rating agencies. Based on an independent third party analysis, the Bank expects to collect the
contractual principal and interest cash flows for these securities and, as a result, no other-than-temporary impairment has been
recognized on the privately-issued CMO or ABS portfolios. At September 30, 2015, the Company held twenty privately-issued CMO and
ABS securities with an aggregate carrying value of $2.6 million and fair value of $3.7 million that had been downgraded to a substandard
regulatory classification due to a downgrade of the security s credit quality rating by various rating agencies. 

Delinquencies.  
The following table provides information about delinquencies in our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

Analysis and Determination of the Allowance
for Loan Losses.    

The allowance for loan
losses is a valuation allowance for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. We evaluate the need to establish allowances
against losses on loans on a quarterly basis. When additional allowances are necessary, a provision for loan losses is charged
to earnings. 

Our methodology for assessing
the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses consists of: (1) a specific allowance required for identified problem loans;
(2) a general allowance on the remainder of the loan portfolio; and (3) an unallocated allowance to cover uncertainties that could
affect management s estimate of probable losses. Although we determine the amount of each element of the allowance separately,
the entire allowance for loan losses is available to absorb losses in the loan portfolio. 

Specific Allowance
Required for Identified Problem Loans.   For substandard and doubtful loans that are also classified as impaired we establish
a specific allowance when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower
than the carrying value of the loan. 

General Allowance
on the Remainder of the Loan Portfolio.   We establish a general allowance for loans that are not currently classified as
impaired in order to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities. The general allowance covers unimpaired
loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors such as changes in economic conditions, changes
in the volume of past due and nonaccrual loans and classified assets, changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio, changes
in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans, concentrations of credit, and other factors. 

Unallocated Allowance.
  We may establish an unallocated allowance to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable
losses. Any unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used
in the methodologies to estimate specific and general losses in the loan portfolio. There was no unallocated allowance for loan
losses at September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

The following table sets
forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated. 

Although we believe that
we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan
losses may be necessary and our results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the
assumptions used in making the determinations. Furthermore, while we believe we have established our allowance for loan losses
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, there can be no assurance that the banking regulators, in reviewing
our loan portfolio, will not require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. The banking regulators may require us to increase
our allowance for loan losses based on judgments different from ours. In addition, because future events affecting borrowers and
collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate
or that increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above.
Any material increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Analysis of Loan
Loss Experience.   

The following table sets
forth an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. 

Interest Rate Risk
Management.   We manage the interest rate sensitivity of our interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets in
an effort to minimize the adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment. Deposit accounts typically react more quickly
to changes in market interest rates than mortgage loans because of the shorter maturities of deposits. As a result, sharp increases
in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings while decreases in interest rates may beneficially affect our earnings. To
reduce the potential volatility of our earnings, we have sought to improve the match between asset and liability maturities and
rates, while maintaining an acceptable interest rate spread. Our strategy for managing interest rate risk emphasizes: adjusting
the maturities of borrowings; adjusting the investment portfolio mix and duration and generally selling in the secondary market
substantially all newly originated, fixed rate one-to four-family residential real estate loans. We currently do not participate
in hedging programs, interest rate swaps or other activities involving the use of derivative financial instruments. 

We have an Asset/Liability
Management Committee, which includes members of management approved by the Board of Directors, to communicate, coordinate and control
all aspects involving asset/liability management. The committee establishes and monitors the volume, maturities, pricing and mix
of assets and funding sources with the objective of managing assets and funding sources to provide results that are consistent
with liquidity, growth, risk limits and profitability goals. 

Our goal is to manage asset
and liability positions to moderate the effects of interest rate fluctuations on net interest income and net income. 

Market Risk Analysis.
  An element in our ongoing interest rate risk management process is to measure and monitor interest rate risk using a Net
Interest Income at Risk simulation to model the interest rate sensitivity of the balance sheet and to quantify the impact of changing
interest rates on the Company. The model quantifies the effects of various possible interest rate scenarios on projected net interest
income over a one-year horizon. The model assumes a semi-static balance sheet and measures the impact on net interest income relative
to a base case scenario of hypothetical changes in interest rates over twelve months and provides no effect given to any steps
that management might take to counter the effect of the interest rate movements. The scenarios include prepayment assumptions,
changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates in order to capture
the impact from re-pricing, yield curve, option, and basis risks. 

Results of our simulation
modeling, which assumes an immediate and sustained parallel shift in market interest rates, project that the Company s net
interest income could change as follows over a one-year horizon, relative to our base case scenario, based on September 30, 2016
and 2015 financial information. 

At September 30, 2016,
our simulated exposure to an increase in interest rates shows that an immediate and sustained increase in rates of 1.00% will increase
our net interest income by $165,000 or 0.65% over a one year horizon compared to a flat interest rate scenario. Furthermore, rate
increases of 2.00% and 3.00% would cause net interest income to increase by 0.85% and 1.07%, respectively. Conversely, an immediate
and sustained decrease in rates of 1.00% will decrease our net interest income by $668,000, or 2.61%, over a one year horizon compared
to a flat interest rate scenario. 

The Company also has longer
term interest rate risk exposure, which may not be appropriately measured by Net Interest Income at Risk modeling, and therefore
uses an Economic Value of Equity ( EVE ) interest rate sensitivity analysis in order to evaluate the impact of its
interest rate risk on earnings and capital. This is measured by computing the changes in net EVE for its cash flows from assets,
liabilities and off-balance sheet items in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. EVE modeling involves
discounting present values of all cash flows for on and off balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios and provides
no effect given to any steps that management might take to counter the effect of the interest rate movements. The discounted present
value of all cash flows represents the Company s EVE and is equal to the market value of assets minus the market value of
liabilities, with adjustments made for off-balance sheet items. The amount of base case EVE and its sensitivity to shifts in interest
rates provide a measure of the longer term re-pricing and option risk in the balance sheet. 

Results of our simulation
modeling, which assumes an immediate and sustained parallel shift in market interest rates, project that the Company s EVE
could change as follows, relative to our base case scenario, based on September 30, 2016 and 2015 financial information .

The previous table indicates
that at September 30, 2016, the Company would expect a decrease in its EVE in the event of a sudden and sustained 300 basis point
increase and/or 100 basis point decrease in prevailing interest rates. The expected decrease in the Company s EVE given a
larger increase in rates is primarily attributable to the relatively high percentage of fixed-rate loans in the Company s
loan portfolio, which at September 30, 2016 comprised approximately 40.4% of the loan portfolio. 

The models are driven by
expected behavior in various interest rate scenarios and many factors besides market interest rates affect the Company s
net interest income and EVE. For this reason, we model many different combinations of interest rates and balance sheet assumptions
to understand its overall sensitivity to market interest rate changes. Therefore, as with any method of measuring interest rate
risk, certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the foregoing tables and it is recognized that the
model outputs are not guarantees of actual results. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities
or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on certain
types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types
may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets, such as adjustable-rate mortgage loans, have features that
restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Further, in the event of a change in interest
rates, expected rates of prepayments on loans and early withdrawals from time deposits could deviate significantly from those assumed
in calculating the table. 

Liquidity Management.
  Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future short-term financial obligations. Our primary sources of funds consist
of deposit inflows, loan repayments, maturities and sales of investment securities and borrowings from the FHLB. While maturities
and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are
greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

The Bank regularly adjusts
its investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields
available on interest-earning deposits and securities and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management policy. 

The Bank s most liquid
assets are cash and cash equivalents and interest-bearing deposits. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing,
lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $29.3 million.
Securities classified as trading and available-for-sale, amounting to $9.3 million and $174.5 million, respectively, at September
30, 2016, provide additional sources of liquidity. At September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow a total of approximately
$130.5 million from the FHLB, of which $121.6 million was borrowed and outstanding. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding FHLB borrowings. In addition, we had
the ability to borrow the lesser of $10 million or 25% of the Bank s equity capital, excluding reserves, using a federal
funds purchased line of credit facility with another financial institution at September 30, 2016. We also had a second federal
funds line of credit facility with another financial institution from which we had the ability to borrow the lesser of $15 million.
The Bank had no outstanding federal funds purchased under either facility at September 30, 2016. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding federal funds purchased borrowings. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Bank had $131.6 million in commitments to extend credit outstanding. See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page F-1 of this annual report for additional information regarding commitments to extend credit. Time deposits due
within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $115.3 million, or 55.1% of time deposits. We believe the large percentage of time
deposits that mature within one year reflects customers  hesitancy to invest their funds for long periods due to the recent
low interest rate environment and local competitive pressure. If these maturing time deposits do not remain with us, we will be
required to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit and borrowings. Depending on market conditions,
we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the time deposits due on or
before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of our time deposits will remain
with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. 

The Company is a separate
legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity to pay its operating expenses and other financial obligations,
to pay any dividends and to repurchase any of its outstanding common stock. The Company s primary source of income is dividends
received from the Bank. The amount of dividends that the Bank may declare and pay to the Company in any calendar year, without
the receipt of prior approval from banking regulators, cannot exceed net income for that year to date plus retained net income
(as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. At September 30, 2016, the Company had liquid assets of $849,000 on a stand-alone,
unconsolidated basis. 

The following tables present
certain of our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

Our primary investing activities
are the origination of loans and the purchase of securities. Our primary financing activities consist of activity in deposit accounts
and FHLB borrowings. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered
by us and our local competitors and other factors. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to be competitive. Occasionally,
we offer promotional rates on certain deposit products to attract deposits. 

Capital Management.
  The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies, including
a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating
risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. At September 30, 2016,
the Bank exceeded all of its regulatory capital requirements. The Bank is considered  well capitalized  under regulatory
guidelines. See   Item 1. Business   Regulation and Supervision   Regulation of Federal Savings Associations
  Capital Requirement,   and Note 27 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of
this annual report. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements.   In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying
degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers 
requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and lines of credit. For information about our loan commitments and
unused lines of credit, see Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

For the year ended September
30, 2016, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

For a discussion of the
impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1
of this annual report. 

Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The consolidated financial
statements and related financial data presented in this annual report have been prepared according to accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical
dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact
of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets
and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant
impact on a financial institution s performance than do general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move
in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

The information required
by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Part II,   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation.   

Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

Information required by
this item is included herein beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

(a)  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The Company s management,
including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of
the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in
the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
(1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2)
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)  Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

The management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control process
has been designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Management conducted an
assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, utilizing
the framework established in 2013 Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 is effective. 

Our internal control over
financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect,
in reasonable detail, transactions and dispositions of assets; and provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States; (2) receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of
the Company; and (3) unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect
on the Company s financial statements are prevented or timely detected. 

All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

(c)  Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III  

Item 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

The information relating
to the directors and officers of the Company, information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and information
regarding the audit committee and audit committee financial expert is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned
 Item 1   Election of Directors,   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,  and
 Audit Committee  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the  Proxy
Statement ). 

The Company has adopted
a code of ethics and business conduct which applies to all of the Company s and the Bank s directors, officers and
employees. A copy of the code of ethics and business conduct is available to stockholders on the Investor Relations portion of
the Bank s website at www.fsbbank.net. 

Item 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The information regarding
executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned  Director Compensation  and  Executive
Compensation  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS  

(a)  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners   

Information required by this item is
incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned  Stock Ownership  in the Proxy Statement. 

(b)  Security Ownership of Management   

Information required by this item is
incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned  Stock Ownership  in the Proxy Statement. 

(c)  Changes in Control   

Management of the Company knows of
no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the registrant. 

Item 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

The information relating
to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is 

 incorporated herein by reference to the sections
captioned  Transactions with Related Persons  and  Director Independence  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

The information relating
to the principal accountant fees and expenses is incorporated herein by 

 reference to the section captioned  Ratification
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV  

Item 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(1)  The financial statements required in response to this item are incorporated by reference from Item
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

(2)  All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the
required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.   

No.  
         
      Description   

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (1)   

3.2  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation for the Series A Preferred Stock (2)   

3.3  
       
      Bylaws of First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (1)   

4.0  
       
      Specimen Stock Certificate of First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (1)   

10.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among First Savings Financial Group, Inc., First Savings Bank and Larry W. Myers, dated October 7, 2009* (3)   

10.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among First Savings Financial Group, Inc., First Savings Bank and John P. Lawson, Jr., dated October 7, 2009* (3)   

10.3  
       
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among First Savings Financial Group, Inc., First Savings Bank and Anthony A. Schoen, dated October 7, 2009* (3)   

10.4  
       
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among First Savings Financial Group, Inc., First Savings Bank and Samuel E. Eckart, dated October 7, 2009* (3)   

10.5  
       
      First Savings Bank, F.S.B. Employee Severance Compensation Plan* (4)   

10.6  
       
      First Savings Bank, F.S.B. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* (4)   

10.7  
       
      Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2011, between the Company and the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock (2)   

10.8  
       
      Amended and Restated Director Deferred Compensation Agreement* (1)   

21.0  
       
      Subsidiaries of the Registrant   

23.0  
       
      Consent of Monroe Shine   Co., Inc.   

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Chief Financial Officer   

32.0  
       
      Section 1350 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

101.0  
       
      The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

*  Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 

(1)  Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-151636), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2008.   

(2)  Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2011.   

(3)  Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2009.   

(4)  Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 10, 2008.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.   

Date: December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Larry W. Myers   

Larry W. Myers   

President,
    Chief Executive Officer and Director   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name  
         
      Title  
         
      Date   

/s/ Larry W. Myers  
         
      President, Chief Executive Officer  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Larry W. Myers  
         
      and Director  

(principal executive officer)  

/s/ Anthony A. Schoen  
         
      Chief Financial Officer  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Anthony A. Schoen  
         
      (principal accounting and financial officer)  

/s/ John P. Lawson, Jr.  
         
      Chief Operating Officer and Director  
         
      December  29, 2016   
 
      John P. Lawson, Jr.  

/s/ Samuel E. Eckart  
         
      Executive Vice President and Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Samuel E. Eckart  

/s/ Cecile A. Blau  
         
      Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Cecile A. Blau  

/s/ Gerald Wayne Clapp, Jr.  
         
      Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Gerald Wayne Clapp, Jr.  

/s/ Michael F. Ludden  
         
      Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Michael F. Ludden  

/s/ Douglas A. York  
         
      Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Douglas A. York  

/s/ Vaughn K. Timberlake  
         
      Director  
         
      December 29, 2016   
 
      Vaughn K. Timberlake  

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  CLARKSVILLE, INDIANA  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

YEARS ENDED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

CONTENTS  

Page    

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
       F-2    

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
       F-3    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
       F-4    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
       F-5    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   
       F-6    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
       F-7    
 
       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
       F-8    

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm  

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

  First Savings Financial Group, Inc.  

 Clarksville, Indiana 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of  First Savings Financial Group, Inc.  as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended. The Company's management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of  First Savings Financial Group,
Inc.  as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

New Albany, Indiana 

 December 29, 2016 

Monroe
Shine   Co., Inc.     Certified Public Accountants and Business Consultants  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F   IRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
 
       YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    
 
       YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1)   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Nature of Operations  

First Savings Financial Group, Inc.
(the  Company ) is a financial holding company and the parent of First Savings Bank (the  Bank ) and First
Savings Insurance Risk Management, Inc. (the  Captive ). 

The Bank, which is a wholly-owned
Indiana-chartered commercial bank subsidiary of the Company, provides a variety of banking services to individuals and business
customers through fourteen locations in southern Indiana. The Bank attracts deposits primarily from the general public and uses
those funds, along with other borrowings, primarily to originate residential mortgage, commercial mortgage, construction, commercial
business and consumer loans, and to a lesser extent, to invest in mortgage-backed securities and other securities. The Bank has
three-wholly owned subsidiaries: First Savings Investments, Inc., a Nevada corporation that manages a securities portfolio, FFCC,
Inc. ( FFCC ), which is an Indiana corporation that participates in commercial real estate development and leasing,
and Southern Indiana Financial Corporation, which is currently inactive. 

In accordance with the Plan of Complete
Liquidation adopted by FFCC s board of directors and approval by the Bank as its sole shareholder on December 21, 2016, FFCC
will voluntarily dissolve and completely liquidate effective December 31, 2016. As a result of the liquidation, FFCC will distribute
its net assets to the Bank on December 31, 2016. 

The Captive, which is a wholly-owned
insurance subsidiary of the Company formed during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014, is a Nevada corporation that provides property
and casualty insurance to the Company, the Bank and the Bank s active subsidiaries. In addition, the Captive provides reinsurance
to eight other third-party insurance captives for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in the
insurance marketplace. 

Basis of Consolidation and Reclassifications  

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
The reclassifications had no effect on net income or stockholders  equity. 

Statements of Cash Flows  

For purposes of the statements of
cash flows, the Company has defined cash and cash equivalents as cash on hand, amounts due from banks (including cash items in
process of clearing), interest-bearing deposits with other banks having an original maturity of 90 days or less and money market
funds. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Material estimates that are particularly
susceptible to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the valuation of real estate
and other assets acquired in connection with foreclosures or in satisfaction of loans. In connection with the determination of
the allowances for loan losses and other real estate owned, management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Use of Estimates - continued 

A majority of the Bank s loan
portfolio consists of single-family residential and commercial real estate loans to customers in the southern Indiana and Louisville,
Kentucky metropolitan area. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of a substantial portion of the Bank s loan portfolio
and the recovery of the carrying amount of other real estate owned are susceptible to changes in local market conditions. 

While management uses available information
to recognize losses on loans and other real estate owned, further reductions in the carrying amounts of loans and other real estate
owned may be necessary based on changes in local economic conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of
their examination process, periodically review the estimated losses on loans and other real estate owned. Such agencies may require
the Bank to recognize additional losses based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination.
Because of these factors, it is reasonably possible the estimated losses on loans and other real estate owned may change materially
in the near term. However, the amount of the change that is reasonably possible cannot be estimated. 

Investment Securities  

Trading Account Securities :
Securities purchased with the intention of recognizing short-term profits or which are actively bought and sold are classified
as trading account securities and reported at fair value. The net realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading account securities
are reported in other noninterest income. Realized gains and losses on trading account securities are determined using the specific
identification method.  

Securities Available for Sale :
Securities available for sale consist primarily of municipal obligations, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
obligations ( CMOs ), and are stated at fair value. The Company holds municipal bonds issued by municipal governments
within the U.S.; mortgage-backed securities and CMOs issued by the Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ),
a U.S. government agency, and the Federal National Mortgage Association ( FNMA ) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation ( FHLMC ), government-sponsored enterprises; debt securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises;
and privately-issued CMOs and asset-backed securities ( ABSs ). The Company also holds a pass-through asset-backed
security guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) representing participating interests in pools
of long-term debentures issued by state and local development companies certified by the SBA. Mortgage-backed securities represent
participating interests in pools of long-term first mortgage loans originated and serviced by issuers of the securities. CMOs and
ABSs are complex mortgage-backed securities that restructure the cash flows and risks of the underlying mortgage collateral. 

Amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the period to maturity, adjusted
for anticipated prepayments. Unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on securities available for sale are included in other comprehensive
income and the accumulated unrealized holding gains and losses are reported as a separate component of equity until realized. Realized
gains and losses on the sale of securities available for sale are determined using the specific identification method and are included
in other noninterest income and, when applicable, are reported as a reclassification adjustment, net of tax, in other comprehensive
income. 

Securities Held to Maturity :
Debt securities for which the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are reported at cost, adjusted for
amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts that are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest
method over the period to maturity, adjusted for anticipated prepayments. The Company classifies certain mortgage-backed securities
and municipal obligations as held to maturity. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Investment Securities - continued 

Declines in the fair value of individual
available for sale and held to maturity securities below their amortized cost that are other than temporary result in write-downs
of the individual securities to their fair value. The related write-downs are included in earnings as realized losses. In estimating
other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has
been less than amortized cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability
of the Company to retain its investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

Investments in non-marketable equity
securities such as Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ) and Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ( FHLB ) stock
are carried at cost and are classified as restricted securities. Impairment testing on these investments is based on applicable
accounting guidance and the cost basis is reduced when impairment is deemed to be other-than-temporary. 

Loans Held for Sale  

Residential mortgage loans originated
and intended for sale in the secondary market are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market value. Aggregate market value
is determined based on the quoted prices under a  best efforts  sales agreement with a third party. Net unrealized
losses are recognized through a valuation allowance by charges to income. Realized gains on sales of residential mortgage loans
are determined using the specific identification method and are included in noninterest income. Residential mortgage loans are
sold with servicing released. 

Commitments to originate residential
mortgage loans held for sale are considered derivative financial instruments to be accounted for at fair value. The Bank s
residential mortgage loan commitments subject to derivative accounting are fixed rate mortgage loan commitments at market rates
when initiated. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had commitments to originate $124,000 of fixed-rate mortgage loans intended for
sale in the secondary market after the loans are closed. Fair value is estimated based on fees that would be charged on commitments
with similar terms. 

The Bank originates loans to customers
under the SBA 7(a) and other programs that generally provide for SBA guarantees of 75% to 90% of each loan. The Bank intends to
sell the guaranteed portion of the SBA loans. The guaranteed portion of the SBA loans was classified as loans held for sale at
September 30, 2016 and 2015. At September 30, 2016, SBA loans held for sale totaling $5.1 million were carried at the lower of
aggregate cost or fair value. At September 30, 2015, SBA loans held for sale were recorded in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 825,  Financial Instruments , at
fair value. The fair value of SBA loans held for sale included the servicing value of the loans as well as any accrued interest
at September 30, 2015. There were $5.8 million of SBA loans held for sale at September 30, 2015 recorded at fair value. Realized
gains and losses on sales of SBA loans held for sale are determined using the allocation of participating interests sold and retained
and are included in noninterest income. Direct loan origination costs and fees related to SBA loans held for sale are deferred
upon origination and are recognized as an adjustment to the gain or loss on the date of sale. SBA loans held for sale are sold
on a servicing retained basis. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Transfers of Financial Assets  

The Company accounts for transfers
and servicing of financial assets in accordance with FASB ASC 860,  Transfers and Servicing . Transfers of financial assets
are accounted for as sales only when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to
be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free from conditions
that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets and (3) the Company does not
maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

Transfers of a portion of a loan
must meet the criteria of a participating interest. If it does not meet the criteria of a participating interest, the transfer
must be accounted for as a secured borrowing. In order to meet the criteria for a participating interest, all cash flows from the
loan must be divided proportionately, the rights of each loan holder must have the same priority, and the loan holders must have
no recourse to the transferor other than standard representations and warranties and no loan holder has the right to pledge or
exchange the entire loan. 

The Company sells financial assets
in the normal course of business, the majority of which are related to the SBA-guaranteed portion of loans, as well as residential
mortgage loan sales through established programs, commercial loan sales through participation agreements, and other individual
or portfolio loan and securities sales. In accordance with accounting guidance for asset transfers, the Company considers any ongoing
involvement with transferred assets in determining whether the assets can be derecognized from the balance sheet. With the exception
of servicing and certain performance-based guarantees, the Company's continuing involvement with financial assets sold is minimal
and generally limited to market customary representation and warranty clauses. 

When the Company sells financial
assets, it may retain servicing rights and/or other interests in the financial assets. The gain or loss on sale depends on the
previous carrying amount of the transferred financial assets, the servicing right recognized, and the consideration received and
any liabilities incurred in exchange for the transferred assets. Upon transfer, any servicing assets and other interests held by
the Company are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  

Loans Held for Investment  

Loans are stated at unpaid principal
balances, less net deferred loan fees and the allowance for loan losses. The Company grants real estate mortgage, commercial business
and consumer loans. A substantial portion of the loan portfolio is represented by residential and commercial mortgage loans to
customers in the southern Indiana and Louisville, Kentucky metropolitan area. The ability of the Company s customers to honor
their contracts is dependent upon the real estate and general economic conditions in this area. 

Loan origination and commitment fees,
as well as certain direct costs of underwriting and closing loans, are deferred and amortized as a yield adjustment to interest
income over the lives of the related loans using the interest method. Amortization of deferred loan fees is discontinued when a
loan is placed on nonaccrual status. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses
- continued  

Nonaccrual Loans  

The recognition of income on a loan
is discontinued and previously accrued interest is reversed when interest or principal payments become 90 days past due unless,
in the opinion of management, the outstanding interest remains collectible. Past due status is determined based on contractual
terms. Generally, by applying the cash receipts method, interest income on nonaccrual loans is subsequently recognized only as
received until the loan is returned to accrual status. The cash receipts method is used when the likelihood of further loss on
the loan is remote. Otherwise, the Company applies the cost recovery method and applies all payments as a reduction of the unpaid
principal balance until the loan qualifies for return to accrual status. Interest income on impaired loans is recognized using
the cost recovery method, unless the likelihood of further loss is considered remote. 

A loan is restored to accrual status
when all principal and interest payments are brought current and the borrower has demonstrated the ability to make future payments
of principal and interest as scheduled, which generally requires that the borrower demonstrate a period of performance of at least
six consecutive months. 

Loan Charge-Offs  

For portfolio segments other than
consumer loans, the Company s practice is to charge-off any loan or portion of a loan when the loan is determined by management
to be uncollectible due to the borrower s failure to meet repayment terms, the borrower s deteriorating or deteriorated
financial condition, depreciation of the underlying collateral, the loan s classification as a loss by regulatory examiners,
or for other reasons. A partial charge-off is recorded on a loan when the uncollectibility of a portion of the loan has been confirmed,
such as when a loan is discharged in bankruptcy, the collateral is liquidated, a loan is restructured at a reduced principal balance,
or other identifiable events that lead management to determine the full principal balance of the loan will not be repaid. A specific
reserve is recognized as a component of the allowance for estimated losses on loans individually evaluated for impairment. Partial
charge-offs on nonperforming and impaired loans are included in the Company s historical loss experience used to estimate
the general component of the allowance for loan losses as discussed below. Specific reserves are not considered charge-offs in
management s analysis of the allowance for loan losses because they are estimates and the outcome of the loan relationship
is undetermined. 

During the year ended September 30,
2016, the Company did not recognize any partial charge-offs. At September 30, 2016, the Company had one outstanding loan with a
recorded investment of $220,000 on which partial charge-offs totaling $107,000 had been recorded. During the year ended September
30, 2015, the Company recognized partial charge-offs on loans totaling $117,000. At September 30, 2015, the Company had four outstanding
loans with an aggregate recorded investment of $549,000 on which partial charge-offs totaling $225,000 had been recorded. 

Consumer loans not secured by real
estate are typically charged off at 90 days past due, or earlier if deemed uncollectible, unless the loans are in the process of
collection. Overdrafts are charged off after 45 days past due. Charge-offs are typically recorded on loans secured by real estate
when the property is foreclosed upon when the carrying value of the loan exceeds the property s fair value less the estimated
costs to sell. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses
- continued  

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses reflects
management s judgment of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. Additions to the
allowance for loan losses are made by the provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance
when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the
allowance. 

The Company uses a disciplined process
and methodology to evaluate the allowance for loan losses on at least a quarterly basis that is based upon management s periodic
review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse
situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing
economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision
as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of specific
and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually evaluated for impairment or loans otherwise
classified as doubtful or substandard. For such loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted
cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 

The general component covers non-classified
loans and classified loans that are found, upon individual evaluation, to be not impaired. Such loans are pooled by segment and
losses are modeled using annualized historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The historical loss experience
is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Company over the most recent 36-month
period. This actual loss experience is then adjusted for qualitative factors that are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on the
risks present for each portfolio segment. Management considers changes and trends in the following qualitative loss factors: levels
of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; trends in the volume and
term of new loan originations; national and local economic trends and conditions; changes in lending policies, procedures and practices;
changes in the experience and ability of lending management and other staff; changes in the quality and depth of the internal loan
review process; trends in collateral valuation in the Company s lending area; and other factors as determined by management.
Each qualitative factor is evaluated and a qualitative factor adjustment is applied to the actual historical loss factors in determining
the adjusted loss factors used in management s allowance for loan losses adequacy calculation. 

Management exercises significant
judgment in evaluating the relevant historical loss experience and the qualitative factors. Management also monitors the differences
between estimated and actual incurred loan losses for loans considered impaired in order to evaluate the effectiveness of the estimation
process and make any changes in the methodology as necessary. 

The following portfolio segments
are considered in the allowance for loan loss analysis: residential real estate, commercial real estate, multi-family residential
real estate, construction, land and land development, commercial business and consumer. 

Residential real estate loans primarily
consist of loans to individuals for the purchase or refinance of their primary residence, with a small portion of the segment secured
by non-owner-occupied residential investment properties. The risks associated with residential real estate loans are closely correlated
to the local housing market and general economic conditions, as repayment of the loans is primarily dependent on the borrower s
or tenant s personal cash flow and employment status. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses
- continued  

Commercial real estate loans are
comprised of loans secured by various types of collateral including office buildings, warehouses, retail space and mixed use buildings
located in the Company s primary lending area and in other states. Risks related to commercial real estate lending are related
to the market value of the property taken as collateral, the underlying cash flows and general economic conditions. Repayment of
these loans is generally dependent on the ability of the borrower to attract tenants at lease rates that provide for adequate debt
service and can be impacted by general economic conditions, which impact vacancy rates. The Company generally obtains loan guarantees
from financially capable parties for commercial real estate loans. 

Multi-family residential real estate
loans primarily consist of loans secured by apartment buildings and other multi-tenant developments generally located in the Company s
primary lending area. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the borrower s ability to attract tenants and collect
rents that provide for adequate debt service. The risks associated with these loans are closely correlated to the local housing
market and general economic conditions. 

The Company s construction
loan portfolio consists of single-family residential properties, multi-family properties and commercial projects, and includes
both owner-occupied and speculative investment properties. Risks inherent in construction lending are related to the market value
of the property held as collateral, the cost and timing of constructing or improving a property, the borrower s ability to
use funds generated by a project to service a loan until a project is completed, movements in interest rates and the real estate
market during the construction phase, and the ability of the borrower to obtain permanent financing. 

Land and land development loans primarily
consist of loans secured by farmland and vacant land held for long-term investment or development. The risks associated with land
and land development loans are related to the market value of the property taken as collateral and the underlying cash flows for
loans secured by farmland, and general economic conditions. 

Commercial business loans include
lines of credit to businesses, term loans and letters of credit secured by business assets such as equipment, accounts receivable,
inventory, or other assets excluding real estate and are generally made to finance capital expenditures or fund operations. Commercial
loans contain risks related to the value of the collateral securing the loan and the repayment is primarily dependent upon the
financial success and viability of the borrower. As with commercial real estate loans, the Company generally obtains loan guarantees
from financially capable parties for commercial business loans. 

Consumer loans consist primarily
of home equity lines of credit and other loans secured by junior liens on the borrower s personal residence, home improvement
loans, automobile and truck loans, boat loans, mobile home loans, loans secured by savings deposits and other personal loans. The
risks associated with these loans are related to the local housing market and local economic conditions including the unemployment
level. 

There were no significant changes
to the Company s accounting policies or methodology used to estimate the allowance for loan losses during the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses
  continued  

Impaired Loans  

A loan is considered impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

Values for collateral dependent loans
are generally based on appraisals obtained from independent licensed real estate appraisers, with adjustments applied for estimated
costs to sell the property, costs to complete unfinished or repair damaged property and other known defects. New appraisals are
generally obtained for all significant properties when a loan is identified as impaired. Generally, a property is considered significant
if the value of the property is estimated to exceed $250,000. Subsequent appraisals are obtained as needed or if management believes
there has been a significant change in the market value of a collateral property securing an impaired loan. In instances where
it is not deemed necessary to obtain a new appraisal, management would base its impairment and allowance for loan loss analysis
on the original appraisal with adjustments for current conditions based on management s assessment of market factors and
management s inspection of the property. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

The modification of a loan is considered
to be a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) if the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties and the Company grants
a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider. By granting the concession, the Company expects to obtain more
cash or other value from the debtor, or to increase the probability of receipt, than would be expected by not granting the concession.
The concession may include, but is not limited to, reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan, reduction of accrued interest,
extension of the maturity date or reduction of the face amount of the debt. A concession will be granted when, as a result of the
restructuring, the Company does not expect to collect all amounts due, including interest at the original stated rate. A concession
may also be granted if the debtor is not able to access funds elsewhere at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics
as the restructured debt. The Company s determination of whether a loan modification is a TDR considers the individual facts
and circumstances surrounding each modification. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses
  continued  

A TDR can involve loans remaining
on nonaccrual, moving to nonaccrual or continuing on accrual status, depending on the individual facts and circumstances of the
borrower. Generally, a nonaccrual loan that is restructured in a TDR remains on nonaccrual status for a period of at least six
months following the restructuring in order to ensure that the borrower performs in accordance with the restructured terms, including
consistent and timely payments of at least six consecutive months according to the restructured terms. 

Real Estate Development and Construction  

Real estate that is developed and
on which buildings are constructed for the purpose of leasing or sale to third parties by the Company is stated at cost, including
interest capitalized during the construction period, less accumulated depreciation. The Company uses the straight line method of
computing depreciation at rates adequate to amortize the cost of the applicable assets over their estimated useful lives. Maintenance
and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold, or otherwise disposed of, are
removed from the related accounts and any gain or loss is included in earnings. 

Premises and Equipment  

Premises and equipment are stated
at cost, less accumulated depreciation. The Company uses the straight line method of computing depreciation at rates adequate to
amortize the cost of the applicable assets over their estimated useful lives. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold, or otherwise disposed of, are removed from the related accounts and
any gain or loss is included in earnings. 

Other Real Estate Owned  

Other real estate owned includes
formally foreclosed property and former banking facilities held for sale. At the time of foreclosure, foreclosed real estate is
recorded at its fair value less estimated costs to sell, which becomes the property s new cost basis. Any write-downs based
on the property s fair value at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan losses. After foreclosure or
the decision to classify property as held for sale, valuations are periodically performed by management and property held for sale
is carried at the lower of the new cost basis or fair value less cost to sell. Costs incurred in maintaining other real estate
owned and subsequent impairment adjustments to the carrying amount of a property, if any, are included in noninterest expense. 

Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance  

The Bank has purchased life insurance
policies on certain directors, officers and key employees to help offset costs associated with the Bank s compensation and
benefit programs. The Bank is the owner and is a joint or sole beneficiary of the policies. Bank-owned life insurance is recorded
at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract at the balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted
for other charges or other amounts due that are probable at settlement. Income from the increase in cash surrender value of the
policies and income from the recognition of death benefits is reported in noninterest income. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Goodwill and Other Intangibles  

Goodwill recognized in a business
combination represents the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. Goodwill is carried at its implied fair value and is evaluated for possible impairment at least annually or
more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or change in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value
of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to: (1) a significant adverse
change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) unanticipated competition, or (3) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator.
If the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in earnings equal to that
excess amount. The loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. After a goodwill impairment loss is recognized,
the adjusted carrying amount of goodwill is its new accounting basis. 

Other intangible assets consist of
acquired core deposit intangibles. Core deposit intangibles are amortized over the estimated economic lives of the acquired core
deposits. The carrying amount of core deposit intangibles and the remaining estimated economic life are evaluated annually or whenever
events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable or the remaining period of amortization requires revision.
After an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying amount of the intangible asset is its new accounting basis. 

Securities Lending and Financing
Arrangements  

Securities purchased under agreements
to resell (reverse repurchase agreements) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements) are treated
as collateralized lending and borrowing transactions, respectively, and are carried at the amounts at which the securities were
initially acquired or sold. 

Benefit Plans  

The Bank provides a contributory
defined contribution plan available to all eligible employees. The Company also established a leveraged employee stock ownership
plan ( ESOP ) on October 6, 2008 that includes substantially all employees. The Company accounts for the ESOP in accordance
with FASB ASC 718-40,  Employee Stock Ownership Plans . Dividends declared on allocated shares are recorded as a reduction
of retained earnings and paid to the participants  accounts or used for additional debt service on the ESOP loan. Dividends
declared on unallocated shares are not considered dividends for financial reporting purposes and are used for additional debt service
on the ESOP loan. As shares are committed to be released for allocation to participants  accounts, compensation expense is
recognized based on the average fair value of the shares and the shares become available for earnings per share calculations. 

Stock Based Compensation  

The Company has adopted the fair
value based method of accounting for stock-based compensation prescribed in FASB ASC 718-20,  Compensation   Stock Compensation ,
for its stock plan. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Income Taxes  

When income tax returns are filed,
it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while other positions
are subject to some degree of uncertainty regarding the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be
sustained. The Company recognizes the benefits of a tax position in the consolidated financial statements of the period during
which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more-likely-than-not (more than 50 percent probable) that the
tax position would be sustained upon examination. Income tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are measured
as the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with the income tax positions claimed on income tax returns that exceeds
the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the consolidated balance
sheets, along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities, if there were an examination.
Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits are classified as additional income taxes in the consolidated
statements of income. 

Income taxes are provided for the
tax effects of the transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred income taxes.
Income tax reporting and financial statement reporting rules differ in many respects. As a result, there will often be a difference
between the carrying amount of an asset or liability as presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the amount
that would be recognized as the tax basis of the same asset or liability computed based on the effects of tax positions recognized,
as described in the preceding paragraph. These differences are referred to as temporary differences because they are expected to
reverse in future years. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for temporary differences where their future reversal will result
in future tax benefits. Deferred income tax assets are also recognized for the future tax benefits expected to be realized from
net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences where
their future reversal will result in the payment of future income taxes. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets
will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at income tax rates applicable to the period in which the
deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. 

Advertising Costs  

Advertising costs are charged to
operations when incurred. 

Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive income consists of
reported net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income refers to revenue, expenses, gains and losses that
are recorded as an element of equity but are excluded from reported net income. Other comprehensive income includes changes in
the unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale. Amounts reclassified out of unrealized gains or losses on securities
available for sale included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss are included in the net gain on sale of securities
line item in the consolidated statements of income, if applicable. 

Loss Contingencies 

Loss contingencies, including claims
and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable
and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The following are summaries of recently
issued or adopted accounting pronouncements that impact the accounting and reporting practices of the Company: 

In May 2014, the FASB issued  Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU )  No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The update provides
a five-step revenue recognition model for all revenue arising from contracts with customer and affects all entities that enter
into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers (unless the contracts are included in the scope of other standards).
The guidance requires an entity to recognize the revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. For
public entities, the guidance was originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within that reporting period. However, with the issuance of ASU No. 2015-14 in August 2015, the FASB deferred the
effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year for all entities, making the amendments effective for public entities for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those reporting periods. Companies have the
option to apply ASU No. 2014-09 as of the original effective date. Management is evaluating the new guidance, but does not expect
the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10)   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities . The guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of financial instruments. In particular, the guidance revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and
measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities
measured at fair value. The guidance also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with fair value of financial instruments.
For public business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Entities should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The guidance supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases with the main difference
being that operating leases are to be recorded in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities,
initially measured at the present value of the lease payments. For operating leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee
is permitted to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities. For public business entities,
the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early application of the guidance is permitted. In transition, entities are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning
of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Management is evaluating the new guidance, but does not
expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(1 - continued) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
  continued 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . 
The guidance is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income
tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. 
For public business entities, the guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The update replaces the incurred loss methodology
for recognizing credit losses under current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration
of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. Under the new guidance, an entity
will measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The expected loss model will apply to loans and leases, unfunded lending commitments,
held-to-maturity debt securities and other debt instruments measured at amortized cost. The impairment model for available-for-sale
debt securities will require the recognition of credit losses through a valuation allowance when fair value is less than amortized
cost, regardless of whether the impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary. For the Company, the amendments in the update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted as of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
is currently assessing the impact the guidance will have upon adoption. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The
update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in the update are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments
should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period, and all amendments must be adopted
in the same period. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 

(2)   RESTRICTION ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS  

The Bank is required to maintain
reserve balances on hand and with the Federal Reserve Bank which are unavailable for investment but are interest-bearing. The average
amount of those reserve balances was approximately $10.3 million and $8.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(3)   INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

Investment securities have been classified
according to management s intent. 

Trading Account Securities  

The Company invests in small and
medium lot, investment grade municipal bonds through a managed brokerage account. The brokerage account is managed by an investment
advisory firm registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Trading account securities recorded at fair value totaled
$9.3 million and $9.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company
reported net gains on trading account securities of $748,000, including net realized gains on the sale of securities of $795,000
partially offset by net unrealized losses on securities still held as of the balance sheet date of $47,000. During the year ended
September 30, 2015, the Company reported net gains on trading account securities of $440,000, including net realized gains on the
sale of securities of $394,000 and net unrealized gains on securities still held as of the balance sheet date of $46,000. 

Securities Available for Sale
and Held to Maturity  

The amortized cost of securities
available for sale and held to maturity and their approximate fair values are as follows: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(3   continued) 

The amortized cost and fair value
of available for sale and held to maturity debt securities as of September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected
maturities of mortgage and other asset-backed securities may differ from contractual maturities because the mortgages and other
assets underlying the obligations may be prepaid without penalty. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(3   continued) 

Information pertaining to securities
with gross unrealized losses at September 30, 2016, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous loss position, follows: 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
did not have any securities held to maturity with an unrealized loss. 

Management evaluates securities for
other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such
evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2)
the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment
in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

The total available for sale debt
securities in loss positions at September 30, 2016, which consisted of U.S. government agency CMOs, privately-issued ABS and municipal
bonds, had depreciated approximately 0.78% from the Company s amortized cost basis and are fixed and variable rate securities
with a weighted-average yield of 1.87% and a weighted-average coupon rate of 2.96% at September 30, 2016. All of the agency and
municipal securities are issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and municipal governments, and are generally secured by
first mortgage loans and municipal project revenues. 

The Company evaluates the existence
of a potential credit loss component related to the decline in fair value of the privately-issued CMO and ABS portfolios each quarter
using an independent third party analysis. At September 30, 2016, the Company held seventeen privately-issued CMO and ABS securities
acquired in a 2009 bank acquisition with an aggregate carrying value of $2.0 million and fair value of $2.8 million that have been
downgraded to a substandard regulatory classification due to a downgrade of the security s credit quality rating by various
rating agencies. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(3   continued) 

At September 30, 2016, the two privately-issued
ABSs in loss positions had depreciated approximately 9.59% from the Company s carrying value and include securities collateralized
by residential mortgage loans and residential home equity lines of credit. These two securities had an aggregate fair value of
$66,000 and an aggregate unrealized loss of $7,000 at September 30, 2016 and were rated below investment grade by a nationally
recognized statistical rating organization ( NRSRO ). Based on the independent third party analysis of the expected
cash flows, management has determined that the declines in value for these securities are temporary and, as a result, no other-than-temporary
impairment has been recognized on the privately-issued CMO and ABS portfolios. While the Company did not recognize a credit-related
impairment loss at September 30, 2016, additional deterioration in market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on
the credit quality in the future and therefore, require a credit-related impairment charge. 

The unrealized losses on U.S. government
agency CMOs and municipal bonds relate principally to current interest rates for similar types of securities. In analyzing an issuer s
financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government, its agencies, or other governments,
whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition.
As management has the ability to hold debt securities to maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available for
sale, no declines are deemed to be other-than-temporary. 

During the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not realize any gross gains or losses on sales of available for sale securities. 

Certain available for sale debt securities
were pledged under repurchase agreements and to secure FHLB borrowings during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and
may be pledged to secure federal funds borrowings (see Notes 11, 12 and 13). 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4)   LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

Loans at September 30, 2016 and 2015
consisted of the following: 

Residential mortgage loans serviced
for the benefit of others amounted to $32,000 and $74,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, the recorded
investment in residential mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties with loan-to-value ratios exceeding
90% amounted to $13.7 million, of which some do not have private mortgage insurance or government guaranty. 

The Bank has entered into loan transactions
with certain directors, officers and their affiliates (related parties). In the opinion of management, such indebtedness was incurred
in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions
with other persons and does not involve more than normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. 

The following
is a summary of activity for related party loans for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The following table provides the components
of the recorded investment in loans as of September 30, 2016: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The following table provides the components
of the recorded investment in loans as of September 30, 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

An analysis of the allowance for
loan losses as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

An analysis of the allowance for
loan losses as of and for the year ended September 30, 2015 is as follows: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The following table presents impaired
loans individually evaluated for impairment as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company did not recognize any
interest income on impaired loans using the cash receipts method of accounting for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The following table presents impaired
loans individually evaluated for impairment as of and for the year ended September 30, 2015. The Company recognized $5,000 of interest
income on impaired commercial real estate loans using the cash receipts method of accounting for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual
loans and loans over 90 days past due and still accruing interest. The following table presents the recorded investment in nonperforming
loans at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The following table presents the aging
of the recorded investment in past due loans at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the aging
of the recorded investment in past due loans at September 30, 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

The Company categorizes loans into
risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information,
public information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, and current economic trends, among other factors. The
Company classifies loans based on credit risk at least quarterly. The Company uses the following regulatory definitions for risk
ratings: 

Special Mention:  Loans classified
as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential
weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at
some future date. 

Substandard:  Loans classified
as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged,
if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized
by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful:  Loans classified
as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses
make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and
improbable. 

Loss:  Loans classified as loss
are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance on the Company s books as an asset is not warranted. 

Loans not meeting the criteria above
that are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be pass rated loans. The following table
presents the recorded investment in loans by risk category as of the date indicated: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

The following table summarizes the
Company s TDRs by accrual status at September 30, 2016 and 2015. There was no specific reserve included in the allowance
for loan losses related to TDRs at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table summarizes information
in regard to TDRs that were restructured during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had not committed to lend any additional amounts to customers with outstanding loans classified as TDRs. At September 30, 2015,
the Company had a commitment to lend $2,000 in additional funds to a customer with an outstanding loan classified as a TDR. 

For the TDRs listed above, the terms
of modification included temporary interest-only payment periods, reduction of the stated interest rate, extension of the maturity
date, deferral of the contractual principal and interest payments, and the renewal of matured loans where the debtor was unable
to access funds elsewhere at a market interest rate for debt with similar risk characteristics. 

Principal in the amount of $51,000
was charged-off during the year ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a TDR that was restructured in 2013. There were no principal
charge-offs recorded as a result of TDRs during the year ended September 30, 2015. There was no specific allowance for loan losses
related to TDRs modified during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. In the event that a TDR subsequently defaults, the
Company evaluates the restructuring for possible impairment. As a result, the related allowance for loan losses may be increased
or charge-offs may be taken to reduce the carrying amount of the loan. 

During the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any TDRs that were modified within the previous twelve months for which there was a
payment default (defined as more than 90 days past due or in the process of foreclosure). 

Loan Servicing Rights  

The Company originates loans to commercial
customers under the SBA 7(a) and other programs. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company began selling the guaranteed
portion of the SBA loans with servicing retained. Loan servicing rights on originated SBA loans that have been sold are initially
recorded at fair value. Capitalized servicing rights are then amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing
income. Impairment of servicing rights is assessed using the present value of estimated future cash flows. 

The aggregate fair value of loan
servicing rights at September 30, 2016 approximated its carrying value. A valuation model employed by an independent third party
calculates the present value of future cash flows and is used to estimate fair value at the date of sale and on a quarterly basis
for impairment analysis purposes. Management periodically compares the valuation model inputs and results to published industry
data in order to validate the model results and assumptions. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the loan servicing
rights include the discount rate, ranging from 8.54% to 14.46% with a weighted average rate of 12.27%, and prepayment speed assumptions,
ranging from 4.25% to 8.71% with a weighted average rate of 6.75%. For purposes of impairment, risk characteristics such as interest
rate, loan type, term and investor type are used to stratify the loan servicing rights. Impairment is recognized through a valuation
allowance to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. Changes in the valuation allowance are reported in net
gain on sales of loans in the consolidated statements of income. 

The unpaid principal balance of SBA
loans serviced for others was $13.6 million at September 30, 2016. Contractually specified late fees and ancillary fees earned
on SBA loans of $37,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016, are included in interest income on loans in the consolidated statement
of income. Net servicing costs (contractually specified servicing fees offset by direct servicing expenses) related to SBA loans
of $59,000 are included in other noninterest income in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(4   continued) 

An analysis of loan servicing rights
for the year ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

(In thousands)  

Balance, beginning of period    
     $  -     
 
     Servicing rights capitalized    
        345     
 
     Amortization    
        (35  )  
 
     Change in valuation allowance    
        -     

Balance, end of period    
     $  310     

Residential mortgage loans originated
for sale in the secondary market continue to be sold with servicing released. 

(5)   REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AND CONSTRUCTION  

The Company developed a parcel of
land in New Albany, Indiana for retail purposes through the Bank s subsidiary, FFCC. The total cost of the development was
$7.6 million, and the development costs were partially funded by a loan from another financial institution (see Note 14). On August
12, 2016, the Bank and FFCC executed a purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the development and property owned by the Bank
to an unaffiliated third party. The sale closed on September 29, 2016. The net sales proceeds were $10.8 million, $8.8 million
of which was allocated to the development owned by FFCC and $2.0 million of which was allocated to property owned by the Bank.
The sale of the development resulted in a gain of $1.9 million recognized in noninterest income in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. 

Real estate development and construction
consisted of the following at September 30, 2015: 

Depreciation expense of $198,000
and $196,000 was recognized for real estate development and construction for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(6)   INVESTMENT IN HISTORIC TAX CREDIT ENTITY  

On October 15, 2014, the Bank entered
into an agreement to participate in the rehabilitation of a certified historic structure located in Louisville, Kentucky with a
regional commercial developer. As part of the agreement, the Bank committed to invest $4.2 million into a limited liability company
organized in the state of Kentucky by the commercial developer, for which it received a 99% equity interest in the entity and will
receive an allocation of 99% of the operating profit and losses and any historic tax credits generated by the entity. The tax credits
expected to be allocated to the Bank include federal rehabilitation investment credits totaling $4.7 million available under Internal
Revenue Code Section 47. The Bank s total investment in the entity will be $4.2 million, or 90% of the anticipated credits
to be received by the entity. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had made all of its required investments to the entity except for
$118,000, which is due when the project is fully completed and the final certificate of occupancy is received. 

The Bank s investment in the
historic tax credit entity is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Certificates of occupancy for substantially
all of the project were received in 2016, which resulted in the recognition of $4.7 million in historic tax credits. As a result
of the recognition of the historic tax credits, the Company also recognized a $4.2 million loss on its investment in the historic
tax credit entity in order to reduce the amount of the investment to its estimated current fair value as of September 30, 2016.
The net impact of the recognition of the historic tax credits and the impairment loss, including the tax impact and other accrual
adjustments, was a $332,000 increase in net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank s
remaining unfunded capital contribution commitment of $118,000 is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. At September 30, 2015, the Bank s investment of $4.2 million was included in other assets and its unfunded
capital contribution commitment of $3.3 million was included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

The historic tax credit entity s
assets, liabilities and members  equity totaled $4.5 million, $112,000 and $4.4 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016.
The entity reported revenues of $1.1 million and net income of $244,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The historic tax
credit entity s assets, liabilities and members  equity totaled $953,000, $119,000 and $834,000, respectively, at September
30, 2015. The entity did not report any revenues or net income for the year ended September 30, 2015 as operations had not yet
commenced. 

(7)   PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT  

Premises and equipment consisted
of the following: 

Depreciation expense of $919,000
and $912,000 was recognized for premises and equipment for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(7   continued) 

As discussed further in Note 5, the
Bank sold property in conjunction with the sale of a real estate development owned by FFCC in September 2016. The Bank s
property sold in the transaction consisted of a retail branch operated by the Bank and other retail space leased to a third-party
tenant. In accordance with the purchase and sale agreement, the Bank executed a lease agreement with the buyer to lease back the
portion of the property consisting of the retail branch. The lease has an initial term of 10 years and may be extended for up to
six consecutive five-year periods. The Bank is accounting for the leaseback as an operating lease. The total gain realized on the
sale of the property was $471,000, with $307,000 attributable to the retail branch property operated by the Bank and $164,000 attributable
to the other retail space. The gain on the other retail space has been recognized in noninterest income in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. The gain attributable to the retail branch property has been deferred and will be recognized in income in
proportion to the rent charged over the term of the lease. At September 30, 2016, the remaining deferred gain of $307,000 is included
in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 20 for additional information regarding the Company s
operating leases. 

(8)   OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Bank had other real estate owned held for sale of $519,000 and $618,000, respectively, including $86,000 and $100,000 in former
banking facilities held for sale, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, foreclosure losses in the amount
of $172,000 and $262,000, respectively, were charged-off to the allowance for loan losses. The losses on subsequent write downs
of other real estate owned amounted to $100,000 and $73,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
were aggregated with realized gains and losses from the sale of other real estate owned, and real estate taxes and other expenses
of holding other real estate owned. Net realized gains from the sale of other real estate owned amounted to $150,000 and $123,000
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Real estate taxes, other expenses of holding other real estate owned
and net of income received from the operation of other real estate owned held for sale amounted to $78,000 and $50,000 for the
years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net gain or loss is reported in noninterest expense. Realized gains
from the sale of other real estate owned totaling $16,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016, were deferred because the sales
were financed by the Bank and did not qualify for recognition under generally accepted accounting principles. There were no realized
gains from the sale of other real estate owned deferred during the year ended September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016 and 2015,
aggregate deferred gains on the sale of other real estate owned financed by the Bank amounted to $187,000 and $188,000, respectively.
The recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property in the process of foreclosure
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $837,000 and $806,000, respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(9)   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES  

Goodwill and the core deposit intangibles
acquired in the acquisitions of Community First Bank ( Community First ) on September 30, 2009 and the First Federal
Savings Bank of Elizabethtown, Inc. ( First Federal ) branches on July 6, 2012 are evaluated for impairment at least
annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount is greater
than its fair value. No impairment of goodwill or the core deposit intangibles was recognized during 2016 or 2015. 

The changes in the carrying amount
of goodwill for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 

The following is a summary of other intangible assets subject to
amortization: 

Amortization
expense of intangibles  amounted to $344,000 for each of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .
Estimated amortization expense for the core deposit intangibles for each of the ensuing five years and in the aggregate is as follows:  

The aggregate amount of time deposit
accounts with balances that met or exceeded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance limit of $250,000
was $13.8 million and $11.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, scheduled
maturities of time deposits were as follows: 

The Bank held deposits for related
parties of $5.7 million and $5.4 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(11)   FEDERAL FUNDS PURCHASED  

The Bank has entered into a federal
funds purchased line of credit facility with another financial institution that established a line of credit not to exceed the
lesser of $10 million or 25% of the Bank s equity capital, excluding reserves. Availability under the line of credit is subject
to continued borrower eligibility and expires on June 30, 2017 unless it is extended.  The line of credit is intended to support
short-term liquidity needs, and the agreement states that the Bank may borrow under the facility for up to seven consecutive days
without pledging collateral to secure the borrowing. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Bank had no outstanding federal funds
purchased under the facility. 

The Bank has also entered into a
separate federal funds purchased line of credit facility with another financial institution that established a discretionary line
of credit not to exceed $15 million. The line of credit is intended to support short-term liquidity needs. At September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Bank had no outstanding federal funds purchased under the facility. 

(12)   REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS  

Repurchase agreements include retail repurchase agreements representing
overnight borrowings from deposit customers. 

Repurchase agreements at September
30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 

The debt securities underlying the
retail repurchase agreements were under the control of the Bank at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Information concerning borrowings
under retail repurchase agreements as of and for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(13)   BORROWINGS FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015
borrowings from the FHLB were as follows: 

The Bank entered into an Advances,
Pledge and Security Agreement with the FHLB, allowing the Bank to initiate advances from the FHLB. The advances are secured under
a blanket collateral agreement. At September 30, 2016, the eligible blanket collateral included residential mortgage loans with
a carrying value of $166.8 million and investment securities with a fair value of $14.9 million. 

On August 12, 2016, the Bank entered
into an Overdraft Line of Credit Agreement with the FHLB which established a line of credit not to exceed $25.0 million secured
under the blanket collateral agreement. This agreement expires on August 12, 2018. At September 30, 2016, $21.6 million was outstanding
under this agreement. 

On June 19, 2014, the Bank entered
into a Letter of Credit Agreement with the FHLB which established a letter of credit not to exceed $3.3 million secured under the
blanket collateral agreement. This agreement was extended in June 2016, lowering the amount to $2.9 million, and now expires on
July 1, 2017. At September 30, 2016, there was no outstanding balance under this agreement. 

On July 27, 2012, FFCC entered into
a loan agreement with another financial institution to finance the retail development and construction project discussed in Note
5. The loan had a maximum commitment of $5.0 million and was for a ten-year term with a fixed interest rate of 4.0% for the first
six years of the loan term, then adjusting annually thereafter to the one-year LIBOR rate plus 250 basis points. The loan provided
for 12 interest only monthly payments through July 27, 2013, followed by 107 monthly payments sufficient to fully amortize the
loan over a 20 year period and a balloon payment of all outstanding principal and interest at maturity on July 27, 2022. The loan
was secured by a mortgage and assignment of leases and rents on the retail development property. The real estate development was
sold on September 29, 2016, at which time the loan was repaid in full. The outstanding principal balance of the loan was $4.6 million
at September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense of $161,000 and
$176,000 was recognized on other long-term debt for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(15)   DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS  

The Bank has deferred compensation
agreements with former officers who are receiving benefits under these agreements. The agreements provide for the payment of specific
benefits following retirement. The balance of the accrued benefit for this plan was $3,000 and $39,000 at September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Deferred compensation expense was $2,000 and $5,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company has a directors 
deferred compensation plan whereby a director, at his or her election on an annual basis, may defer all or a portion of the director
fees into an account with the Company. The Company accrues interest on the deferred obligation at an annual rate equal to the prime
rate for the immediately preceding calendar quarter plus 2%, but in no event at a rate in excess of 8%. The deferral period extends
until separation from service by the director. The benefits under the plan are payable in a lump sum or in monthly installments
over a period of up to ten years following the separation from service; however, the agreements provide for payment of benefits
in the event of disability, early retirement, termination of service or death. The balance of the accrued benefit for the director
plan was $1.2 million and $1.0 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Deferred compensation expense for this plan
was $195,000 and $164,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Defined Contribution Plan:  

The Bank has a qualified contributory
defined contribution plan available to all eligible employees. The plan allows participating employees to make tax-deferred contributions
under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). Company contributions to the plan amounted to $387,000 and $378,000 for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan:  

On October 6, 2008, the Company established
a leveraged ESOP covering substantially all employees. The ESOP trust acquired 203,363 shares of Company common stock at a cost
of $10.00 per share financed by a term loan with the Company. The employer loan and the related interest income are not recognized
in the consolidated financial statements as the debt is serviced from Company contributions. Dividends payable on allocated shares
are charged to retained earnings and are satisfied by the allocation of cash dividends to participant accounts or by utilizing
the dividends as additional debt service on the ESOP loan. Dividends payable on unallocated shares are not considered dividends
for financial reporting purposes. Shares held by the ESOP trust are allocated to participant accounts based on the ratio of the
current year principal and interest payments to the total of the current year and future years  principal and interest to
be paid on the employer loan. Compensation expense is recognized based on the average fair value of shares released for allocation
to participant accounts during the year with a corresponding credit to stockholders  equity. Compensation expense recognized
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $628,000 and $851,000, respectively. The employer loan was fully repaid
in December 2015 and all shares of Company stock have been allocated to participant accounts as of September 30, 2016. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(16   continued) 

Company common stock held by the
ESOP trust at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

(17)   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLANS  

2010 Equity Incentive Plan  

In December 2009, the Company adopted
the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2010 Plan ), which the Company s shareholders approved in February 2010. The
2010 Plan provided for the award of stock options, restricted shares and performance shares. The aggregate number of shares of
the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2010 Plan could not exceed 355,885 shares. The Company could
grant both non-statutory and statutory (i.e., incentive) stock options with terms not exceeding ten years. An award of a performance
share is a grant of a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock contingent upon the achievement of specific performance
criteria or other objectives set at the grant date. Awards granted under the 2010 Plan could be granted either alone, in addition
to, or in tandem with any other award granted under the 2010 Plan. The terms of the 2010 Plan included a provision whereby all
unearned options and shares became immediately exercisable and fully vested upon a change in control. 

In April 2010, the Company funded
a trust, administered by an independent trustee, which acquired 101,681 common shares in the open market at a price per share of
$13.60 for a total cost of $1.4 million. These acquired common shares were granted to directors, officers and key employees in
the form of restricted stock in May 2010 at a price per share of $13.25 for a total of $1.3 million. The difference between the
purchase price and grant price of the common shares issued as restricted stock, totaling $41,000, was recognized by the Company
as a reduction of additional paid in capital. The vesting period of the restricted stock was five years beginning one year after
the date of grant of the awards. Compensation expense is measured based on the fair market value of the restricted stock at the
grant date and is recognized ratably over the period during which the shares are earned (the vesting period). Compensation expense
related to restricted stock recognized for the year ended September 30, 2015 amounted to $162,000. The restricted stock fully vested
in May 2015. Therefore, no compensation expense related to restricted stock was recognized for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

There were no restricted shares granted
during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The total fair value of restricted shares that vested during the year ended
September 30, 2015 was $575,000. At September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted
shares. 

In May 2010, the Company granted 177,549 incentive and
76,655 non-statutory stock options to directors, officers and key employees. The options granted vested ratably over five years
and are exercisable in whole or in part for a period up to ten years from the date of the grant. Compensation expense was measured
based on the fair market value of the options at the grant date and was recognized ratably over the period during which the shares
were earned (the vesting period). The fair market value of stock options granted was estimated at the date of grant using a binomial
option pricing model. Expected volatilities were based on historical volatility of the Company s stock and that of peer institutions
located in its geographic market area. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options are expected
to be outstanding. The risk free rate for the expected life of the options was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect
at the grant date. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(17 - continued) 

The fair value of options granted
under the 2010 Plan was determined using the following assumptions: 

A summary of stock option activity
under the 2010 Plan as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the year then ended, is presented below. 

There were no stock options granted
during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company did not recognize any compensation expense related to stock options
for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company recognized compensation expense related to stock options for the year ended
September 30, 2015 of $95,000. At September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock
options. 

2016 Equity Incentive Plan  

In December 2015 the Company adopted
the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2016 Plan ), which the Company s shareholders approved in February 2016. The
2016 Plan provides for the award of stock options and restricted stock. The aggregate number of shares of the Company s common
stock available for issuance under the Plan may not exceed 88,000 shares, consisting of 66,000 stock options and 22,000 shares
of restricted stock. In addition, the maximum number of shares of stock, in the aggregate, that may be subject to stock options
granted to any one employee under the 2016 Plan is 16,500. The Company may grant both non-statutory and incentive stock options
which may not have a term exceeding ten years. In the case of incentive stock options, the aggregate fair value of the stock (determined
at the time the incentive stock option is granted) for which any optionee may be granted incentive options which are first exercisable
during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000. Option prices generally may not be less than the fair market value of the underlying
stock at the date of the grant. The terms of the 2016 Plan also include a provision whereby all unearned options and shares became
immediately exercisable and fully vested upon a change in control. 

As of September 30, 2016, no restricted
shares and no stock options had been granted under the 2016 Plan. In November 2016, the Company granted 17,265 restricted shares,
42,895 incentive stock options and 8,400 non-statutory stock options to directors, officers and key employees. The restricted shares
and stock options granted will vest ratably over five years and, once vested, the stock options are exercisable in whole or in
part for a period up to ten years from the date of the award. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The Company and its subsidiaries
file consolidated income tax returns. The components of consolidated income tax expense (benefit) were as follows for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The reconciliation of income tax
expense (benefit) with the amount which would have been provided at the federal statutory rate of 34 percent follows for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(18 - continued) 

Significant components of deferred
tax assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

Tax laws enacted in 2013 and 2014
decrease the Indiana financial institutions tax rate beginning in 2014 and ending in 2023. Deferred taxes have been adjusted to
reflect the newly enacted rates and the period in which temporary differences are expected to reverse. 

In assessing the ability of the Company
to realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, availability of operating loss carrybacks, projected future taxable income, and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income
over the periods which deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will generate
sufficient taxable income to realize the benefits of these deductible differences at September 30, 2016, except for a valuation
allowance of $1.6 million on the net deferred tax asset related to losses on a historic tax credit investment totaling $4.2 million.
In assessing the need for a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets for the historic tax credit investment, the Company
considered all positive and negative evidence in assessing whether the weight of available evidence supports the recognition of
some or all of the deferred tax assets related to the investment. Because of the tax nature of the loss to be recognized when the
investment is ultimately sold (which for tax purposes will give rise to a capital loss for the historic tax credit investment),
the Company may not be able to generate capital gains in the future to be able to utilize the capital losses from the investment.
Therefore, the Company s assessment of the deferred tax asset warrants the need for a valuation allowance. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(18 - continued) 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had a federal historic tax credit of $2.3 million available to reduce federal income taxes in subsequent years. The carryover expires
during the year ending September 30, 2036. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company had no liability for unrecognized income tax benefits and does not anticipate any increase in the liability for unrecognized
tax benefits during the next twelve months. The Company believes that its income tax positions would be sustained upon examination
and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position or results of operations.
The Company files consolidated U.S. federal and Indiana state income tax returns. Returns filed in these jurisdictions for tax
years ended on or after September 30, 2012 are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. Each entity included
in the consolidated federal and state income tax returns filed by the Company are charged or given credit for the applicable tax
as though separate returns were filed. 

Retained earnings of the Bank at
September 30, 2016 and 2015 include approximately $4.6 million for which no deferred federal income tax liability has been recognized.
This amount represents an allocation of income to bad debt deductions as of September 30, 1988 for tax purposes only. Reduction
of such allocated amounts for purposes other than tax bad debt losses, including redemption of bank stock, excess dividends or
loss of  bank  status, would create income for tax purposes only, subject to the then-current corporate income tax
rate. The unrecorded deferred income tax liability on these amounts was approximately $1.5 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(19)   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  

In the normal course of business,
there are outstanding various commitments and contingent liabilities, such as commitments to extend credit and legal claims, which
are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Commitments under outstanding standby
letters of credit totaled $3.7 million and $3.9 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following is a summary of the
commitments to extend credit at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The Bank rents office space and equipment
under operating lease agreements that expire at different dates through September 2026. The following is a schedule by years of
future minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess
of one year as of September 30, 2016: 

Rent expense under operating leases
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $95,000 and $56,000, respectively. 

(21)   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK  

The Bank is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the balance sheet. 

The Bank s exposure to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments (see Note 19). The Bank uses the same
credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

Commitments to extend credit are
agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank
evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount and type of collateral obtained, if deemed
necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, varies and is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional
lending commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The credit risk involved in issuing
letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Bank s policy for
obtaining collateral, and the nature of such collateral, is essentially the same as that involved in making commitments to extend
credit. 

The Bank has not been obligated to
perform on any financial guarantees and has incurred no losses on its commitments in 2016 or 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(22)   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

FASB ASC Topic 820 , Fair Value
Measurements,  provides the framework for measuring fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level
3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC Topic 820 are described as follows: 

Level 1:  Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices,
unadjusted, for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. A quoted market price in an active market provides the most
reliable evidence of fair value and shall be used to measure fair value whenever available. 

Level 2:  Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted market
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted market prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active; or inputs that are derived principally from or can be corroborated by observable market data by
correlation or other means. 

Level 3:  Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and
significant to the fair value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined
using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant
management judgment or estimation. 

A description of the valuation methodologies
used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation
hierarchy, is set forth below. These valuation methodologies were applied to all of the Company s financial assets carried
at fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(22   continued) 

The table below presents the balances
of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016. The Company had no
liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(22   continued) 

The table below presents the balances
of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2015. The Company had no
liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30, 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(22 - continued) 

Fair value is based upon quoted
market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based on internally-developed models
or obtained from third parties that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters or a matrix pricing model that
employs the Bond Market Association s standard calculations for cash flow and price/yield analysis and observable market-based
parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value, or the lower of
cost or fair value. These adjustments may include unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments have been applied consistently
over time. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net
realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are
appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the
fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 

Trading Account Securities
and Securities Available for Sale.     Securities classified as trading and available for sale are reported at fair
value on a recurring basis.  These securities are classified as Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy where quoted market
prices from reputable third-party brokers are available in an active market. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company
obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service.  These securities are reported using Level 2 inputs
and the fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, U.S. government
and agency yield curves, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and
the security s terms and conditions, among other factors. For securities where quoted market prices, market prices of similar
securities or prices from an independent third party pricing service are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted
cash flows or other market indicators and are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in fair value of
trading account securities are reported in noninterest income. Changes in fair value of securities available for sale are recorded
in other comprehensive income, net of income tax effect. 

Impaired Loans  . Impaired
loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. The fair value
of impaired loans is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Impaired loans are measured at the
present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan's effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is a collateral-dependent loan. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, all impaired loans were considered to be collateral-dependent
for the purpose of determining fair value. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets, including equipment, inventory
and/or accounts receivable, and its fair value is generally determined based on real estate appraisals or other independent evaluations
by qualified professionals. The appraisals are then discounted to reflect management s estimate of the fair value of the
collateral given the current market conditions and the condition of the collateral. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the significant
unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of impaired loans included a discount from appraised value ranging from
0.0% to 15.0% and estimated costs to sell the collateral ranging from 0.0% to 6.0%. During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company recognized provisions for loan losses of $43,000 and $58,000, respectively, for impaired loans. 

Loans Held for Sale  .
Loans held for sale is comprised of residential mortgage loans and SBA loans held for sale. Residential mortgage loans held for
sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value. At September 30, 2016, SBA loans held for sale were carried at the lower
of cost or market value. As discussed further below, SBA loans held for sale at September 30, 2015 were reported at fair value
in accordance with FASB ASC 825-10. The fair value of loans held for sale is based on specific prices of the underlying contracts
for sale to investors, and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(22 - continued) 

Loan Servicing Rights  .
Loan servicing rights represent the value associated with servicing SBA loans that have been sold. The fair value of loan servicing
rights is determined on a quarterly basis by an independent third party valuation model using market-based discount rate and prepayment
assumptions, and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2016, the significant unobservable inputs
used in the fair value measurement of loan servicing rights included discount rates ranging from 8.54% to 14.46% with a weighted
average of 12.27% and prepayment speed assumptions ranging from 4.25% to 8.71% with a weighted average rate of 6.75%. Impairment
of the loan servicing rights is recognized on a quarterly basis through a valuation allowance to the extent that fair value is
less than the carrying amount. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges on loan servicing rights for the year ended
September 30, 2016. 

Other Real Estate Owned  .
Other real estate owned held for sale is reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted
accordingly. Fair value of other real estate owned is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Other real estate owned is reported
at fair value less estimated costs to dispose of the property. The fair values are determined by real estate appraisals which
are then discounted to reflect management s estimate of the fair value of the property given current market conditions and
the condition of the collateral. At September 30, 2016, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement
of other real estate owned included a discount from appraised value (including estimated costs to sell the property) ranging from
15.0% to 34.2% with a weighted average of 24.6%. At September 30, 2015, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value
measurement of other real estate owned included a discount from appraised value (including estimated costs to sell the property)
ranging from 15.0% to 56.5% with a weighted average of 23.6%. The Company recognized charges of $100,000 and $73,000 to write
down other real estate owned to fair value for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Transfers Between Categories  .
There have been no changes in the valuation techniques and related inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring
and nonrecurring basis during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 financial
assets or liabilities for the years ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. In addition, there were no transfers into or out of Levels
1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Financial Instruments Recorded
using Fair Value Option.   Under FASB ASC 825-10, the Company may elect to report most financial instruments and certain
other items at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis, with changes in fair value reported in income. The election is
made at the acquisition of an eligible financial asset or financial liability, and may not be revoked once made. 

The Company elected the fair value
option for SBA loans held for sale at September 30, 2015. These loans were intended for sale and the Company believed that the
fair value was the best indicator of the resolution of these loans. Interest income was recorded based on the contractual terms
of the loans and in accordance with the Company s policy on loans held for investment. None of these loans were 90 days
or more past due, nor were any on nonaccrual status as of September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2015, the difference
between the aggregate fair value ($5.8 million) and the aggregate unpaid principal balance ($5.3 million) of SBA loans held for
sale was $558,000. The amount of gains included in earnings for the year ended September 30, 2015 for SBA loans held for sale
totaled $558,000, consisting of $24,000 included in interest income on loans and $534,000 in changes in fair value included in
net unrealized gain on loans held for sale in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

All of the SBA loans held for sale
at September 30, 2015 were sold during the year ended September 30, 2016. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company did not
elect the fair value option on SBA loans held for sale and, as such, all loans held for sale were carried at the lower of cost
or market at September 30, 2016. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(23)   DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The following table summarizes the
carrying value and estimated fair value of financial instruments and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair
value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(23 - continued) 

The carrying amounts in the preceding
table are included in the consolidated balances sheets under the applicable captions. The contract or notional amounts of the
Bank s financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk are disclosed in Note 19, and the fair value of these instruments
is considered immaterial. 

The following methods and assumptions
were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

For cash and short-term instruments,
including cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits with banks with original maturities of 90 days or less and money
market funds, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Investments and Interest-Bearing
Time Deposits  

For debt securities and interest-bearing
time deposits, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service and the fair value measurements
consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, U.S. government and agency yield curves,
live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the security s terms
and conditions, among other factors. For FRB and FHLB stock, which are restricted equity securities, the carrying amount is a
reasonable estimate of fair value because the stock is not marketable. 

Loans  

The fair value of loans, excluding
loans held for sale, is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be
made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and terms. Impaired loans are valued at the lower of their carrying value or fair
value. The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value. 

The fair value of loans held for
sale is estimated based on specific prices of underlying contracts for sales to investors, as previously discussed. 

Other Assets  

For equity method investments, such
as the Company s investment in the historic tax credit entity, where a quoted market value is not available, the carrying
amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. However, subsequent to the recognition of the historic tax credits (as discussed
in Note 6), management has determined that its investment in the historic tax credit entity has no residual value and therefore
has recorded an impairment loss for the amount of the investment as of September 30, 2016. 

The fair value of loan serving rights
is determined by a valuation model employed by an independent third party using market-based discount rate and prepayment assumptions,
as previously described. 

Deposits  

The fair value of demand and savings
deposits and other transaction accounts is the amount payable on demand at the balance sheet date. The fair value of fixed-maturity
time deposits is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently offered for deposits with similar remaining
maturities. The carrying amount of accrued interest payable approximates its fair value. 

Borrowed Funds  

Borrowed funds include borrowings
from the FHLB, repurchase agreements and other long-term debt. Fair value for FHLB advances and long-term repurchase agreements
is estimated by discounting the future cash flows at current interest rates for FHLB advances of similar maturities. For short-term
repurchase agreements, FHLB line of credit borrowings and other debt, the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(24)   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Liquidation Account 

Upon completion of its conversion
from mutual to stock form on October 6, 2008, the Bank established a liquidation account in an amount equal to its retained earnings
at March 31, 2008, totaling $29.3 million. The liquidation account is maintained for the benefit of depositors as of the March
31, 2007 eligibility record date (or the June 30, 2008 supplemental eligibility record date) who maintain their deposits in the
Bank after conversion. 

In the event of complete liquidation,
and only in such an event, each eligible depositor is entitled to receive a liquidation distribution from the liquidation account
in the proportionate amount of the then current adjusted balance for deposits held, before any liquidation distribution may be
made with respect to the stockholders. Except for the repurchase of stock and payment of dividends by the Bank, the existence
of the liquidation account does not restrict the use or application of retained earnings of the Bank. 

On August 11, 2011, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( Purchase Agreement ) with the United States Department of the Treasury,
pursuant to which the Company issued 17,120 shares of its Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A ( Series
A Preferred Stock ), having a liquidation amount per share equal to $1,000, for a total purchase price of $17,120,000. The
Purchase Agreement was entered into, and the Series A Preferred Stock was issued, pursuant to the Small Business Lending Fund
( SBLF ) program, a $30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, that encourages lending
to small businesses by providing Tier 1 capital to qualified community banks with assets of less than $10 billion. 

Holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock were entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, payable quarterly, on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1,
beginning October 1, 2011. The dividend rate, as a percentage of the liquidation amount, could fluctuate on a quarterly basis
during the first ten quarters during which the Series A Preferred Stock was outstanding and could adjust between 1.0% and 5.0%
per annum, to reflect the amount of change in the Bank s level of Qualified Small Business Lending ( QSBL )
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) over the baseline level calculated under the terms of the Purchase Agreement ( Baseline ). 
In addition to the dividend, in the event the Bank s level of QSBL did not increase relative to the Baseline, at the beginning
of the tenth calendar quarter, the Company would have been subject to an additional lending incentive fee equal to 2.0% per annum.
For the eleventh dividend period through the eighteenth dividend period, inclusive, and that portion of the nineteenth dividend
period before, but not including, the four and one half (4 ) year anniversary of the date of issuance, the dividend rate
was fixed at between 1.0% and 7.0% per annum based upon the increase in QSBL as compared to the Baseline. After four and one half
(4 ) years from issuance, the dividend rate would have increased to 9.0%. Based upon the Bank s level of QSBL over
the Baseline for purposes of calculating the dividend rate for the initial dividend period, the dividend rate for the initial
dividend period ended September 30, 2011 was 4.84%. The dividend rate for the portion of the nineteenth dividend period that ended
February 11, 2016 was 1.0% and the weighted average dividend rate for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 1.0%. 

The Series A Preferred Stock was
non-voting, except in limited circumstances. In the event that the Company would have failed to timely make five dividend payments,
whether or not consecutive, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock would have had the right, but not the obligation, to appoint
a representative as an observer on the Company s board of directors. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(25 - continued) 

The Series A Preferred Stock could
be redeemed at any time at the Company s option, at a redemption price of one hundred percent (100%) of the liquidation
amount plus accrued but unpaid dividends to the date of redemption for the current period, subject to the approval of its federal
banking regulator.   

The Series A Preferred Stock was
issued in a private placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
Company agreed to register the Series A Preferred Stock under certain circumstances set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Series
A Preferred Stock was not subject to any contractual restrictions on transfer. 

The Series A Preferred Stock was
redeemed by the Company for the full liquidation amount of $17,120,000 on February 11, 2016. 

(26)   DIVIDEND RESTRICTION  

As an Indiana corporation, the Company
is subject to Indiana law with respect to the payment of dividends. Under Indiana law, the Company may pay dividends so long as
it is able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business and its assets exceed the sum of its total liabilities,
plus the amount that would be needed, if the Company were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend, to satisfy any rights that
are preferential to the rights of the persons receiving the dividend. The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends primarily
on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. 

The payment of dividends by the
Bank is subject to banking regulations and applicable Indiana state law. The amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the
Company in any calendar year without prior approval from banking regulators cannot exceed net income for that year to date plus
retained net income (as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. The Bank may not declare or pay a cash dividend or repurchase
any of its capital stock if the effect thereof would cause the regulatory capital of the Bank to be reduced below regulatory capital
requirements imposed by banking regulators or the FDIC, or below the amount of the liquidation account established upon completion
of the conversion. 

In accordance with the Plan of Charter
Conversion adopted by the Bank s board of directors on May 21, 2014, the Bank operates as an Indiana-charted commercial
bank and became a member the Federal Reserve System following its conversion from a federally-chartered savings bank effective
December 19, 2014. As a result of the Bank s charter conversion, the Bank is subject to supervision and regulation by the
Indiana Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Also as a result of the Bank s charter
conversion, the Company converted to a bank holding company and simultaneously elected financial holding company status effective
December 19, 2014. The Company is supervised and regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System through the
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. 

The Company and Bank are subject
to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures
of the Company s and Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. The Company s and Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative
judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(27 - continued) 

Quantitative measures established
by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the
table below) of total, Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined),
and Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes that the Company and Bank met all capital
adequacy requirements to which they are subject as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the most
recent notification from the FRB categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, common equity
Tier 1 risk-based and Tier I leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. There are no conditions or events since that notification
that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

The Company s and Bank s
actual capital amounts and ratios are also presented in the table. No amount was deducted from capital for interest-rate risk
in either year. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(28)   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE FOR EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic earnings per common share
is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the periods presented. Diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares
issuable under stock options, restricted stock and other potentially dilutive securities outstanding. Earnings and dividends per
share are restated for stock splits and dividends through the date of issuance of the financial statements. Earnings per share
information is presented below for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Unearned ESOP and nonvested restricted
stock shares are not considered as outstanding for purposes of computing weighted average common shares outstanding. 

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(29)   PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Condensed financial information
for First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (parent company only) follows: 

Balance Sheets  

  (In thousands)  

Statements of Income  

  (In thousands)  

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(29 - continued) 

Statements of Cash Flows  

  (In thousands)  

(30)   CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Bank had a concentration of credit risk with correspondent banks in excess of the federal deposit insurance limit of $7.5
million and $5.8 million, respectively. 

(31)   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION  

FIRST SAVINGS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- CONTINUED  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

(32)   SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)  

<EX-21.0>
 2
 v455725_ex21-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21.0  

SUBSIDIARIES  

Percentage       
     Jurisdiction or  

Ownership       
     State of Incorporation  
 
      Registrant     

First Savings Financial Group, Inc.    
                
     Indiana  

Subsidiaries    

First Savings Insurance Risk Management, Inc. (1)    
        100  %    
     Nevada  

First Savings Bank  (1)    
        100  %    
     Indiana  

Southern Indiana Financial Corporation  (2)    
        100  %    
     Indiana  

FFCC, Inc.  (2)    
        100  %    
     Indiana  

First Savings Investments, Inc.  (2)    
        100  %    
     Nevada  

(1)       Wholly owned subsidiary
of First Savings Financial Group, Inc. 

 (2)       Wholly owned subsidiary
of First Savings Bank 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.0>
 3
 v455725_ex23-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23.0  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in First Savings Financial Group, Inc. s Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-154417, 333-166430 and 333-211554)
of our report dated December 29, 2016 contained in the annual report for the year ended September 30, 2016 appearing in this Form
10-K. 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v455725_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Larry W. Myers, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Savings Financial Group, Inc.:   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is
being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as the end of the period
covered by this annual report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 29, 2016  
      /s/ Larry W. Myers   

Larry W. Myers   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v455725_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Anthony A. Schoen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Savings Financial Group, Inc.:   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is
being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as the end of the period
covered by this annual report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 29, 2016  
      /s/ Anthony A. Schoen   

Anthony A. Schoen   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 6
 v455725_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32.0  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADDED BY  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the
Annual Report of First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as added by   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

/s/ Larry W. Myers   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

/s/ Anthony A. Schoen   

Anthony A. Schoen   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

December 29, 2016 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 fsfg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fsfg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fsfg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fsfg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fsfg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fsfg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

