<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1601545_0001601545-16-000171_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15436463</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104359</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>600400</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5985561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6732022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1709345</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001601545-16-000171.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104121558
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001601545-16-000171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36551
		FILM NUMBER:		161974278

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1196 RIVER STREET
		CITY:			HYDE PARK
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02136
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-360-6520

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1196 RIVER STREET
		CITY:			HYDE PARK
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02136

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001601545-16-000171.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 bluehills10-qq32016.htm
 10-Q SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Document 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
    
  Commission File No. 001-36551 
    
  Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                       Maryland 

46-5429062 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 
      Incorporation or Organization) 

Identification Number) 

500 River Ridge Drive 
  Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 
  (617) 360-6520 
  (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices)    
    
  320 Norwood Park South 
  Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 
  (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days.   
  YES [ X ]     NO [ ] 
       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  YES [X]     NO [   ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one) 
    
                   Large accelerated filer [   ] 
      
    Accelerated filer [X] 
      Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
      
    Smaller reporting company [  ] 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  YES [   ]     NO [X] 
  As of October 31, 2016, there were 26,781,573 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.  
  Form 10-Q    
    
  Index    
  Part I. Financial Information                     

Item 1. 

Page No. 
        
     Interim Financial Statements - unaudited  
     2 
        
     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
     2 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8 
      Item 2.   

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     35 

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     49 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures  
     49 

Part II. Other Information 
      Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings  
     49 
      Item 1A. 

Risk Factors  
     50 
      Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     50 
      Item 3. 

Defaults upon Senior Securities  
     51 
      Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures  
     51 
      Item 5. 

Other Information  
     51 
      Item 6.   

Exhibits  
     51 

Signature Page 

1 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)    

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
    2 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Net Income (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (unaudited) 

______________________ 

(2) 
    Amounts are included in interest income on securities in the consolidated statements of net income.  
       
           (3) 
    Amounts are included in salaries and benefits expense in the consolidated statements of net income.  
       
  T  he accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
    4 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

(continued) 
    
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

6 

    Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

(concluded) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

BLUE HILLS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. ("the Company") and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Blue Hills Funding Corporation and Blue Hills Bank ("the Bank"), the principal operating entity, and the Bank's wholly-owned subsidiaries, HP Security Corporation and B.H. Security Corporation, which are Massachusetts security corporations, and 1196 Corporation, which holds a restricted stock. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company presented herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X and do not include all of the information and note disclosures required by GAAP for a complete set of financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) and disclosures necessary for the fair presentation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been included. Interim results are not necessarily reflective of the results of the year. The accompanying unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K. 
    
  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
    
  Loan policies 
    
  Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off generally are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances adjusted for the allowance for loan losses, charge-offs and any deferred fees and costs on originated and purchased loans. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Deferred loan origination fees/costs and discounts on purchased loans are recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the interest method. 
    
  It is the policy of the Company to discontinue the accrual of interest on loans past due in excess of 90 days, unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection, or when in the judgment of management, the ultimate collectability of the principal or interest becomes doubtful and to reverse all interest previously accrued against interest income. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. The interest on non-accrual loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due have been current for six consecutive months and future payments are reasonably assured. 
    
  Allowance for loan losses 
    
  The allowance for loan losses is based on the size and the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency levels, loss experience, economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Prior to the second quarter of 2016, for portfolios for which the Company had insufficient prior loss experience, the national peer group losses for relevant portfolios generally over the years 2008-2015 were used. Commencing in the second quarter of 2016, the Company began to phase in its own loss history by loan type based upon the age and loss experience of the loan portfolio. While this change impacted the loss factors used for our Residential real estate, Home equity, Commercial real estate, Commercial business and Consumer loan portfolios, there was no material impact to the amount of the allowance for loan losses.  Loss experience is updated at least quarterly with consideration given to unique circumstances in the portfolio. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

8 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated regularly by management and reflects consideration of all significant factors that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio. The evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. It is the intention of management to maintain an allowance that is prudently commensurate with the growth in the loan portfolio. 
    
  The allowance consists of general, allocated and unallocated components, as further described below. 
  General component 
  The general component of the allowance for loan losses is based primarily on an extrapolated historical loss experience based on FDIC data for depository institutions with assets of one billion to five billion dollars for periods ranging from 2008-2015, adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors including changes to lending policies and procedures, economic and business conditions, portfolio characteristics, staff experience, problem loan trends, collateral values, concentrations and the competitive, legal and regulatory environment. 
  The qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows: 
  Residential real estate     - The Company does not generally originate loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 percent and does not generally grant loans that would be classified as subprime upon origination. When the Company does extend credit either on a first- or second-lien basis at a loan-to-value ratio greater than   80 percent  , such loans are supported by either mortgage insurance or state guarantee programs. All loans in this segment are collateralized by owner-occupied, 1-4 family residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The health of the national economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, will have an effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment. 
  Home equity   - Loans in this segment are generally secured by 1   st    or 2   nd    liens on residential real estate. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The Company evaluates each loan application based on factors including the borrower s credit score, income, length of employment, and other factors to establish the creditworthiness of the borrower.  
  Commercial real estate   - Loans in this segment include investment real estate and are generally secured by assignments of leases and real estate collateral. In cases where there is a concentration of exposure to a single large tenant, underwriting standards include analysis of the tenant s ability to support lease payments over the duration of the loan. The underlying cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased vacancy rates, which in turn, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Payments on loans secured by income-producing properties often depend on the successful operation and management of the properties. Management continually monitors the cash flows of these loans. 
  Construction   - Loans in this segment primarily include real estate development loans for which payment is derived from permanent financing or sale of the property. Credit risk is affected by cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate price, and market conditions. 
  Commercial business     - Loans in this segment are generally secured by business assets, including accounts receivable, inventory, real estate and intangible assets. Strict underwriting standards include considerations of the borrower s ability to support the debt service requirements from the underlying historical and projected cash flows of the business, collateral values, the borrower s credit history and the ultimate collectability of   the de  bt. Economic conditions, real estate values, commodity prices, unemployment trends and other factors will affect the credit quality of loans in these segments.  
  Consumer     - Loans in this segment primarily include used auto loans. A significant portion of the used auto loan portfolio is comprised of geographically diverse loans originated by and purchased from a third party, who also provides collection services. While this portfolio has generated minimal charge-offs, the provisions for loan losses reflect management s estimate of inherent losses based on a review of national historical losses of other institutions with similar portfolios. 
  Allocated component 
  The allocated component relates to loans that are on the watch list (partially charged-off loans, non-accruing loans and accruing adversely-rated loans) and considered impaired. Impairment is measured by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 
  
    9 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Management reviews all loan types for individual impairment. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 
    
  The Company periodically may agree to modify the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). All TDRs are initially classified as impaired and generally remain impaired for the remaining life of the loan. The impaired classification may be removed if the borrower demonstrates compliance with the modified terms and the restructuring agreement specifies an interest rate greater than or equal to that which would be provided to a borrower with similar credit risk at the time of restructuring. 
    
  Unallocated component 
  An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. 

NOTE 2   RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATES  
    
  On August 26, 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)  , a consensus of the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows such as debt repayments, settlement of zero-coupon bonds, settlement of insurance claims and policies, and distributions from equity method investees. For public business entities, the standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The impact to the consolidated financial statements upon adopting this Update is not expected to be material.  

10 

NOTE 3 - SECURITIES  
  The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for sale and held to maturity, with gross unrealized gains and losses, follows: 

11 

During the third quarter of 2015, approximately   $196.3 million   of securities available for sale, with net unrealized gains of   $666,000  , were reclassified to held-to-maturity designation. Held-to-maturity investments are investments that management has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. If a security is reclassified from available for sale to held to maturity, the fair value at the time of transfer becomes the security's new cost basis. The unrealized holding gain at the transfer date continues to be reported in other comprehensive income and is amortized over the security's remaining life as an adjustment of yield in a manner similar to a premium or discount. At   September 30, 2016  , there are   $383,000   of net holding gains remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income.  
  
    12 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity at   September 30, 2016   are included in the following table. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , proceeds from sales of securities available for sale amounted to   $18.8 million   and   $4.5 million  , respectively. Gross realized gains, for the same two periods, amounted to   $569,000   and   $236,000  , respectively, and gross realized losses amounted to   $7,000   and   $0  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , proceeds from sales of securities available for sale amounted to   $79.0 million   and   $91.2 million  , respectively. Gross realized gains, for the same two periods, amounted to   $1.9 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively, and gross realized losses amounted to   $981,000   and   $35,000  , respectively.  

13 

Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, follows:   

The Company continually reviews investment securities for the existence of other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI"), taking into consideration current market conditions, the extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, the credit worthiness of the obligor of the security, volatility of earnings, current analysts  evaluations, the Company s intent to sell the security, or whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery, as well as other qualitative factors. The term  other-than-temporary  is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent, but indicates that the prospects for a near-term recovery of value is not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying value of the investment. 

14 

At   September 30, 2016  , multiple debt securities have unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of less than   2.0%   from the Company s amortized cost basis. The unrealized losses were primarily caused by interest rate fluctuations. It is expected that none of these securities would be settled at a price less than the par value of the investment. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not to credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell the securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   several   mutual funds with unrealized losses of   $1.6 million  , or   5.0%   depreciation from the Company s cost basis. No issues have been identified that cause management to believe the declines in fair value are other than temporary and the Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value. 

15 

NOTE 4 - LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
    
  A summary of the balances of loans follows:  

16 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and by loan segment follows:  

17 

Additional information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

The following is a summary of past due and non-accrual loans, by loan class, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

18 

There were   no   loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired loans by loan class at the dates indicated:  

19 

The following tables set forth information regarding average balances and interest income recognized (the majority of which is on a cash basis) on impaired loans by class, for the periods indicated:  

No additional funds are committed to be advanced in connection with impaired loans. 
    
  There were no significant troubled debt restructurings recorded during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 

20 

Credit Quality Information  
  The Company utilizes a ten-grade internal loan rating system for all loans as follows: 
  Loans rated 1   6 are considered  acceptable  rated loans that are performing as agreed, and generally require only routine supervision. 
  Loans rated 7 are considered  special mention.  These loans are starting to show signs of potential weakness and are being closely monitored by management. 
  Loans rated 8 are considered  substandard.   Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligors and/or the collateral pledged. There is a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness is not corrected. Generally, all loans 90 days delinquent are rated 8. 
  Loans rated 9 are considered  doubtful.  Serious problems exist to the point where a partial loss of principal is likely.  Weakness is so pronounced that on the basis of current information, conditions and values, collection in full is highly improbable.  
  Loans rated 10  are considered "loss" and the credit extended to the customer is considered uncollectible or of such little value that it does not warrant consideration as an active asset.  
  The Company assigns a 6 risk-rating to otherwise performing, satisfactorily collateralized Consumer and Residential loans where the Bank becomes aware of deterioration in a FICO score or other indication of potential inability to service the debt. The Company assigns risk ratings of 7-10 to residential or consumer loans that have a well-defined weakness that may jeopardize the collection of the contractual principal and interest, are contractually past due 90 days or more or legal action has commenced against the borrower.  All other residential mortgage and consumer loans have no risk rating. 
  On an annual basis, or more often if needed, the Company formally reviews the ratings on all commercial and  commercial construction loans. At least annually, the Company engages an independent third party to review a significant portion of loans within these segments. Management uses the results of these reviews as part of its annual review process. In addition, management utilizes delinquency reports, the watch list and other loan reports to monitor credit quality of other loan segments. 
    
  The following tables present the Company s loans by risk rating at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  :  

21 

NOTE 5 - DERIVATIVES 
    
  Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
    
  The Company is party to derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and to meet the needs of commercial customers. These financial instruments have been generally limited to loan level interest rate swap agreements, which are entered into with counterparties that meet established credit standards. These transactions involve both credit and market risk. The notional amounts are amounts on which calculations, payments, and the value of the derivatives are based. Notional amounts do not represent direct credit exposures. The fair value of the derivative instruments is reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities as appropriate. Changes in the fair value of these agreements are recorded in miscellaneous income in the consolidated statements of net income. 
    
  The table below presents information about derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  .   

The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to these agreements. The Company controls the credit risk of its financial contracts through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures, and does not expect any counterparties to fail their obligations. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its interest rate swap derivative counterparties. 
    
  Other contracts represent risk participation agreements on commercial loan level interest rate swap agreements.   The Company has entered into risk participation agreements with the correspondent institutions to share in any interest rate swap gains or losses incurred as a result of the commercial loan customers  termination of a loan level interest rate swap agreement prior to maturity. The Company records these risk participation agreements at fair value. 
    
  Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
    
  The Company enters into commitments to fund residential mortgage loans at specified rates and times in the future, with the intention that loans will subsequently be sold in the secondary market. Mortgage loan commitments are referred to as derivative loan commitments if the loan that will result from exercise of the commitment will be held for sale upon funding. These commitments are recognized at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet in other assets and other liabilities with changes in their fair values recorded in non-interest income. 
    
  Outstanding loan commitments expose the Company to the risk that the price of the loans arising from exercise of the loan commitment might change from inception of the rate lock to funding of the loan due to changes in mortgage interest rates. If interest rates increase, the value of these loan commitments decreases. Conversely, if interest rates decrease, the value of these loan commitments increases. The notional amount of mortgage loan commitments as of September 30, 2016 was   $6.4 million  . The fair value of such commitments was   $129,000   and was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet.  

22 

To protect against the price risk inherent in derivative loan commitments, the Company utilizes  best efforts  forward loan sale commitments to mitigate the risk of potential decreases in the values of loans that would result from the exercise of the derivative loan commitments. 
    
  With a  best efforts  contract, the Company commits to deliver an individual mortgage loan of a specified principal amount and quality to an investor if the loan to the underlying borrower closes. Generally, the price the investor will pay the seller for an individual loan is specified prior to the loan being funded (e.g., on the same day the lender commits to lend funds to a potential borrower). 
    
  The Company expects that these forward sale commitments will experience changes in fair value opposite to the change in fair value of derivative loan commitments. The notional amount of forward loan sale commitments at   September 30, 2016   was   $8.5 million  . The fair value of such commitments was a gain of   $19,000   included in other assets and a loss of   $35,000   included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.  

NOTE 6 - DEPOSITS 
  A summary of deposit balances, by type, is as follows:    

At   September 30, 2016  , the scheduled maturities of term certificate accounts, including brokered deposits, are as follows:   

NOTE 7 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  Determination of fair value 
  The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various assets and liabilities. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation  
  
    23 

techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the asset or liability. 
  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 
  Cash and cash equivalents  : The carrying amounts of cash and due from banks and short-term investments approximate fair value.  
  Securities  : All fair value measurements are obtained from a third-party pricing service and are not adjusted by management. The securities measured at fair value in Level 1 are based on quoted market prices in an active exchange market. These securities include U.S. Treasury securities and marketable equity securities. All other securities are measured at fair value in Level 2 based on pricing models that consider standard input factors such as observable market data, benchmark yields, interest rate volatilities, broker/dealer quotes, credit spreads and new issue data. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank stock  : The carrying value of Federal Home Loan Bank stock approximates fair value based on the redemption provisions of the Federal Home Loan Bank. 
    
  Loans  : Fair values are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Fair values for non-performing loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or underlying collateral values, where applicable. 
    
  Loans held for sale  : Fair values are based on commitments in effect from investors or prevailing market prices. 
    
  Accrued interest receivable  : The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates fair value. 
    
  Deposits  : The fair values for non-certificate accounts are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for certificate accounts are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies market interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 
    
  Borrowings  : The fair value of borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current incremental borrowing rates in the market for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 
    
  Interest rate swap agreements  : The fair values of interest rate swap agreements are based on a valuation model that uses primarily observable inputs, such as benchmark yield curves and interest rates and also include the value associated with counterparty credit risk. 
    
  Forward loan sale commitments and derivative loan commitments  : Fair values of forward loan sale commitments and derivative loan commitments are based on fair values of the underlying mortgage loans and, for derivative loan commitments, fair values also include the value of servicing, deferred origination fees/costs and the probability of such commitments being exercised. Significant management judgment and estimation is required in determining these fair value measurements.  
    
  Off-balance sheet instruments  : Fair values for off-balance sheet lending commitments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The estimated fair value of off-balance sheet financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , was immaterial since fees charged are not material. 
  
    24 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below:  

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
  The Company may also be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. There are no liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy applicable to assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 

25 

The following table summarizes the total losses on assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis for the     three and nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  .      

  Gains and losses applicable to impaired loans are based on the appraised value of the underlying collateral, discounted as necessary due to management s estimates of changes in market conditions. The losses applicable to impaired loans are not recorded as a direct adjustment to current earnings or comprehensive income, but rather as a component in determining the overall adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Adjustments to the estimated fair value of impaired loans may result in increases or decreases to the provision for loan losses. 
    
  Summary of fair values of financial instruments 
  The estimated fair values, and related carrying amounts, of the Company s financial instruments are as follows. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are exempt from disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented herein do not represent the underlying fair value of the Company.  

26 

NOTE 8 - COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenues, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheets, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 
    
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), included in stockholders' equity, are as follows:     

27 

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), by component, follow:    

28 

NOTE 9 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
    
  Minimum regulatory capital requirements 
    
  The Company (on a consolidated basis) and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s and the Bank s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. 

29 

Effective January 1, 2015, federal banking regulations changed with regard to minimum capital requirements for community banking institutions. The regulations include a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of  
  4.5%  , raise the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from   4%   to   6%   and include a minimum leverage ratio of   4%   for all banking organizations. Additionally, community banking institutions must maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater than   2.5%   of total risk-weighted assets to avoid being subject to limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. The capital conservation buffer is being phased in over   three years  , commencing January 1, 2016. Also, certain new deductions from and adjustments to regulatory capital will be phased in over several years. Management believes that the Company's capital levels will remain characterized as "well capitalized" throughout the phase in periods. The application of the Capital Conservation Buffer resulted in no limitations to payout of retained earnings as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum ratios as set forth in the following tables. There are no conditions or events since the notification that management believes have changed the Bank's category. Management believes, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , that the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. The Company's and the Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are also presented in the following table. 

30 

NOTE 10- EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN 
    
  The Company maintains an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) to provide eligible employees the opportunity to own Company stock. This plan is a tax-qualified retirement plan for the benefit of Company employees. Contributions are allocated to eligible participants on the basis of compensation, subject to federal tax limits. The number of shares committed to be released per year is   75,912   through 2043. Shares held by the ESOP include the following: 

The fair value of unallocated shares was approximately   $31.1 million   and   $32.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Total compensation expense recognized in connection with the ESOP for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $277,000   and   $274,000  , respectively. Total compensation expense recognized for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $818,000   and   $782,000  , respectively.  

NOTE 11   EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 
    
  Basic earnings per share represents income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Unallocated ESOP shares are not deemed outstanding for earnings per share calculations.  

31 

Options for   2,461,350   shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share because to do so would have been antidilutive for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

NOTE 12 - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Under the Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Equity Plan"), the Company may grant options, restricted stock, restricted units or performance awards to its directors, officers and employees. Both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options may be granted under the Equity Plan, with the total shares reserved for options equaling   2,846,681  .  Board members may only receive non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of each option equals the market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant and the maximum term of each option is   ten   years. The total number of shares reserved for restricted stock or restricted units is   1,138,673  . The vast majority of options and awards vest ratably over   five   years. The fair value of shares awarded is based on the market price at the date of grant. 
    
  Expense related to options and restricted stock granted to directors is recognized as directors' fees within noninterest expense. 
    
  The Company has standard form agreements used for stock option and restricted stock awards. The standard form agreements used for the Chief Executive Officer and all other Executive Officers have previously been disclosed in Securities and Exchange Commission filings and generally provide that: (1) any unvested options or unvested restricted stock vest upon a Change in Control; and, that (2) any stock options which vest pursuant to a Change in Control, which is an event described in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, will be cashed out at the difference between the acquisition price and the exercise price of the stock option. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 
             
    Volatility is based on peer group volatility because the Company does not have a sufficient trading history.  
                
    Expected life represents the period of time that the option is expected to be outstanding, taking into account the contractual term, and the vesting period. 
                
    Expected dividend yield is based on the Company's history and expectation of dividend payouts. 
                
    The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a period equivalent to the expected life of the option. 
     
    32 

The Company made the following awards of options to purchase shares of common stock during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

A summary of the status of the Company's stock option grants for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is presented in the table below: 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , share-based compensation expense applicable to the stock options was   $513,000   and $  1,509,000  , respectively, and the recognized tax benefit related to this expense was   $126,000   and   $376,000  . There was no share-based compensation expense related to stock options for the   three and nine   months   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Restricted Stock 
    
  Shares issued upon vesting may be either authorized but unissued shares or reacquired shares held by the Company. Any shares not issued because vesting requirements are not met will again be available for issuance under the plan. The fair market value of shares awarded, based on the market price at the date of grant, is recorded as unearned compensation and amortized over the applicable vesting period. Of the restricted shares granted,   40,000   are performance based.  

33 

The following table presents the activity in non-vested stock awards under the Equity Plan for the   nine   months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , share-based compensation expense applicable to restricted stock awards was $  712,000   and   $2,097,000  , respectively, and the recognized tax benefit related to this expense was   $249,000   and   $738,000   respectively. There was no share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  

NOTE 13 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On November 2, 2016, the Bank notified customers that on Wednesday February 1, 2017 they would be closing the Brookline Branch location.  
  
    34 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  General    
    
    Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition     and results of operations at and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing on Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe,   intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect,   will,   may  and words of similar meaning.  These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  
             
    statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;  
                
    statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;  
                
    statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and  
                
    estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.  
       
  These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control.  In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change.  We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this quarterly report, except as required by law. 
    
  The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 

our ability to implement successfully our business strategy, which includes significant asset and liability growth; 
                
    our ability to increase our market share in our market areas and capitalize on growth opportunities;  
                
    our ability to implement successfully our branch network expansion strategy; 
                
    general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected;  
                
    competition among depository and other financial institutions;  
                
    inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; 
                
    adverse changes in asset quality including an unanticipated credit deterioration in our loan portfolio 
                
    adverse changes in the securities markets which, given the significant size of our investment securities portfolio, could cause a material decline in our reported equity and/or our net income if we must record impairment charges or a decline in the fair value of our securities;  
                
    changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements;  
                
    changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;  
                
    changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and the Securities and Exchange Commission;  
                
    changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; 
                
    changes in our financial condition or results of operations that reduce capital available to pay dividends; 
                
    changes in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own; and 
                
    cyber security attacks or intrusions that could adversely impact our businesses. 
       
  Additional factors that may affect our results are discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the heading  Risk Factors.     
    
  Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements.   

35 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  There are no material changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

Comparison of Financial Condition at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015    
    
  Total Assets  .    Total assets increased $  199.3 million  , or   9.4%  , to $  2.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $2.1 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , mainly driven by loan growth. 
    
  Loans.   Net loans grew   $218.2 million  , or   14.3%  , from the end of   2015   to $  1.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016  .  The higher level of net loans was driven primarily by growth in residential mortgage and commercial real estate loans.  Other categories had minor changes with home equity up slightly while commercial business loans, construction loans and other consumer loans declined.  
    
  The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated.    

Securities Available for Sale and Securities Held to Maturity.    Total securities were   $408.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $431.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The decline mainly reflects sales of securities.  Net unrealized gains on securities available for sale were   $2.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to net unrealized losses of   $5.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The improvement mainly reflects the impact of a decline in interest rates on the value of fixed income securities. At September 30, 2016, 52% of securities were in the available for sale category compared to 54% at December 31, 2015.  

36 

The following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of our securities at the dates indicated.   

  The Company only purchases investment grade debt securities. Private label commercial mortgage-backed securities are in the senior tranches of the capital structures and are investment grade. The other asset-backed securities are also in the senior tranches of the capital structures, and are supported by automobile, equipment, and real estate financings. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had no investments in a single company or entity, other than the U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises, that had an aggregate fair value in excess of 10% of our equity. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents.   Cash and cash equivalents increased by   $3.7 million  , or   11.1%  , to   $37.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $33.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase mainly reflects a higher level of cash and due from banks. 
  
    37 

Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangible.    At   September 30, 2016  , goodwill and core deposit intangible assets totaled   $10.8 million   compared to   $11.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The balances relate to the Nantucket Bank acquisition and are a combination of the core deposit intangible associated with the deposit liabilities assumed and the goodwill resulting from the transaction. The decline from the end of   2015   is due solely to amortization of the core deposit intangible. 
  Bank-Owned Life Insurance.   The Company's investment in bank-owned life insurance was relatively unchanged during the first   nine   months of   2016   as a result of current period earnings on such policies being offset by the receipt of death benefits. The investment was   $31.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $31.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  Deposits.   Total deposits increased by   $247.6 million  , or   17.3%  , from the end of 2015 to   $1.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016  . The increase from December 31, 2015 was primarily driven by growth in money market deposits of   $150.3 million  ,  NOW and demand deposits of   $49.1 million  , brokered certificates of deposit of   $34.0 million   and customer certificates of deposit of   $27.1 million  . The growth in money market deposits was mainly due to higher levels of municipal deposits as well as promotional rate programs at the Company's newest branch in Westwood, which opened in the fourth quarter of 2015. All customer segments (consumer, commercial and municipal) contributed to the growth in deposits during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Borrowings.   Total borrowings declined by   $51.3 million  , or   19.7%  , from the end of 2015 to   $208.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  Despite the increase in loans during the first half of 2016, the Company was able to reduce borrowings due to growth in deposits and sales of securities. Short-term borrowings were   $103.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $205.0 million   at   December 31, 2015   and consisted of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston. Long-term borrowings were   $105.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $55.0 million   at   December 31, 2015   and consisted predominately of fixed-rate advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, with maturities ranging from 2017 through 2021. 
  Stockholders' Equity.   Total stockholders' equity decreased   $9.1 million  , or   2.3%  , to   $389.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $398.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The decline in stockholders' equity from the end of 2015 mainly reflects the repurchase of 1,517,840 shares of the Company's common stock at an average price of $14.20 for a total cost of $21.6 million. In late February 2016, the Company announced the completion of its first stock repurchase program pursuant to which the Company bought back 1,423,340 shares, representing approximately 5% of its outstanding shares. At the same time, the Board of Directors authorized a second repurchase program for up to 1,119,000 shares of common stock which represents approximately 4% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares. On September 13, 2016, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized the Company s third repurchase program for up to 1,345,087 shares of common stock, which represents approximately 5% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares, and that the third repurchase program would 
  commence upon completion of the second repurchase program. At September 30, 2016, the Company had 95,200 shares remaining to repurchase under the second repurchase program, however, the program was completed in October 2016.  Partial offsets to the decline in shareholders' equity from share repurchases and dividend payments, consisted primarily of an improvement of $5.3 million in accumulated other comprehensive income related to an increase in the value of available-for-sale securities and $4.7 million of net income in the first nine months of 2016. The tangible common equity ratio declined to 16.45% at September 30, 2016 from 18.41% at December 31, 2015. 

Comparison of Operating Results for the   Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
    
  General.   The Company reported net income of   $1.6 million  , or   $0.07   per diluted share, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net income of   $1.8 million  , or   $0.07   per diluted share, for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Company reported net income of   $4.7 million  , or   $0.19   per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of   $4.8 million  , or   $0.18   per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2016, the Company recorded a charge-off of   $3.3 million   in the third quarter of 2016 related to problem loans to one commercial customer and this charge-off, when combined with the effect of a specific reserve of   $558,000   (  $366,000   after-tax) established against these loans during the second quarter of 2016, resulted in a pre-tax charge against third quarter income of   $2.7 million   (  $1.8 million   after-tax). Excluding these charges, net income for the third quarter of 2016 would have been   $3.5 million  , or   $0.14   per diluted share while for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net income would have been   $6.9 million  , or 
  $0.28   per diluted share. 

38 

Average Balances and Yields 
  The following tables set forth average balance sheets, annualized average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the tables as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.  Interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans has been adjusted to a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis using a federal statutory tax rate of 34%.    

  ______________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes Federal Home Loan Bank stock and short-term investments. 
              (2) 
    Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (3) 
    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Net interest margin represents net interest and dividend income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 

39 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes Federal Home Loan Bank stock and short-term investments. 
              (2) 
    Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (3) 
    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Net interest margin represents net interest and dividend income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 

40 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
  The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest and dividend income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately, based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume.   

41 

Net Interest and Dividend Income.    Net interest and dividend income was   $14.5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up   $1.3 million  , or   9.8%  , from   $13.2 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  Net interest and dividend income on a fully tax equivalent basis was   $14.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up   $1.3 million  , or   9.5%  , from   $13.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . Net interest margin declined to   2.68%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   2.96%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .   
  Excluding the impact of mutual fund dividends and Nantucket purchase accounting accretion from both quarters and accelerated bond premium accretion from note redemptions from the third quarter of 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis increased   $2.5 million  , or   21.6%  , to   $14.2 million   in the third quarter of 2016 while net interest margin declined one basis point to   2.65%  . The improvement in net interest income mainly reflects a 31.1% increase in average loans.  
       
  Compared to the first nine months of 2015, net interest and dividend income increased   $6.0 million  , or   17.0%  , to   $41.2 million  , on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, while net interest margin declined 13 basis points to   2.63%  . Excluding the impact of mutual fund dividends and Nantucket purchase accounting accretion from both periods and accelerated bond premium amortization and accretion from note redemptions from the first nine months of 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis increased   $7.7 million  , or   23.4%  , to   $40.8 million   while net interest margin remained unchanged at   2.65%  . 
       
  The table shown below provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted net interest and dividend income and margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Management believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Therefore, management believes these measures provide useful information to investors by allowing them to make peer comparisons.  
              (2) 
    Note: In calculating the net interest margin impact of mutual fund dividends and purchase accounting accretion, average earning assets were adjusted to remove the average balances associated with each item. In quarters where mutual fund dividend income is low, the removal of the dividend and its related average balance has a positive impact on the adjusted net interest margin.  Management believes this adjusted net interest margin is useful because of the volatility or non-recurring nature of certain items from quarter to quarter.  

42 

Interest and Dividend Income.    Interest and dividend income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis increased   $2.2 million   or   14.5%   to   $17.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $15.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Interest and fees on loans on a fully tax-equivalent basis grew   $3.6 million  , or   31.2%  , to   $15.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $11.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The increase reflects a   $409.6 million  , or   31.1%  , increase in average loans driven mainly by increases in residential mortgages, commercial real estate loans, and construction loans.     Loan yield improved two basis points to   3.50%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   3.48%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due mainly to a change in loan mix and a benefit in 2016 from repricing floating rate loans due, in part, to the Federal Reserve's December 2015 rate increase.  Interest on securities on a fully taxable-equivalent basis declined   $1.4 million  , or   37.1%  , to   $2.4 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from   $3.8 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decline was due to a   $1.4 million   decline in dividends received on mutual fund investments. 
    
  Compared to the first nine months of 2015, interest and dividend income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis increased   $8.8 million  , or   21.3%  , to   $50.3 million   for the first nine months of 2016. Interest and fees on loans grew   $10.2 million  , or   31.0%  , to   $43.0 million  , on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from   $32.8 million   in the first nine months of 2015 as average loans grew   $403.7 million  , or   32.6%  , from a year ago.  All categories of loans increased led by residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans. The impact of a higher level of loans was partially offset by a decline in loan yield to   3.50%   in the first nine months of 2016 from   3.54%   in the first nine months of 2015. This reflects competitive pricing pressures, the low interest rate environment, and a $255,000 decline in Nantucket purchase accounting accretion, partially offset by a benefit in 2016 from repricing floating rate loans due, in part, to the Federal Reserve's December 2015 rate increase. Interest on securities declined   $1.5 million  , or   18.2%  , to   $6.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from   $8.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decline was due to a   $1.5 million   decline in dividends received on mutual fund investments as well as lower average balances on securities due to sales in the current year. 
    
  Interest Expense.    Interest expense increased   $1.0 million  , or   44.1%  , to   $3.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Interest expense on deposits increased   $806,000  , or   41.8%  , to $  2.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $1.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase was mainly due to a   $286.0 million  , or   24.7%  , increase in the average balance of interest bearing deposits to   $1.4 billion   in the   third   quarter of   2016   driven by higher levels of money market deposits and certificates of deposit.  In addition, there was a nine basis point increase in the cost of interest bearing deposits to   0.75%   in the third quarter of 2016 due mainly to promotional rate deposit pricing programs.  Interest expense on borrowings was   $458,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $287,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The average balances of borrowings grew   $89.1 million  , or   65.7%  , from the third quarter of 2015 to   $224.7 million   in the third quarter of 2016.  The increase in borrowings was used to help fund the growth in loans.  The cost of borrowings declined to   0.81%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   0.84%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Compared to the first nine months of 2015, interest expense increased   $2.8 million  , or   45.6%  , to   $9.1 million   for the first nine months of 2016. The comparison of interest expense in the nine month period was mainly impacted by the same factors discussed above in the quarterly comparison. Interest expense on deposits increased   $2.1 million  , or   38.2%  , to   $7.5 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from   $5.4 million   for the first nine months of 2015. The increase was mainly due to a   $254.0 million  , or   22.9%  , increase in average interest bearing deposits to   $1.4 billion   in the first nine months of 2016 mainly due to a higher level of money market deposits and certificates of deposit. In addition, there was an eight basis point increase in the cost of interest bearing deposits to   0.74%   in the first nine months of 2016 driven mainly by promotional rate deposit pricing programs.  Interest expense on borrowings was   $1.6 million   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $811,000   in the first nine months of 2015.  The average balances of borrowings grew   $131.5 million  , or   104.2%  , from the first nine months of 2015 to   $257.8 million   in the first nine months of 2016.  The increase in borrowings was used to help fund the higher level of year over year loan growth.  The cost of borrowings fell to   0.82%   in the first nine months of 2016 from   0.86%   in the first half of 2015. 
    
  Provision for Loan Losses.    The provision for loan losses was   $2.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $1.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The provision for loan losses reflects management s assessment of risks inherent in the loan portfolio.  The provision in the third quarter of 2016 includes $2.7 million related to problem loans to one commercial customer (total charge-offs related to this customer in the third quarter of 2016 were $3.3 million).  Loan growth and loan mix impact the level of provision needed each quarter and a decline in loan growth to 4% in the third quarter of 2016 from 8% in the third quarter of 2015 coupled with a change in loan mix resulted in a lower provision. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was   1.01%   September 30, 2016 compared to   1.11%   at December 31, 2015. The continuing  
  
    43 

reassessment of the qualitative factor components of the reserve methodology, along with the full migration of historical loss rates from national FDIC data to our own loan loss experience may continue to impact our provision for loan losses in the future. The Company maintains an unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. The unallocated component was 2.5% of the total allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
    
  Non-interest Income.    Non-interest income increased   $2.4 million  , or   143.9%  , from the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $4.1 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  .  The increase reflects: 
             
    Mortgage banking revenue grew to   $1.3 million   in the third quarter of 2016 from   $52,000   in the third quarter of 2015. The increase reflects mortgage originations more than doubling from the third quarter of last year and a higher volume of loan sales as well as the initial recording of mortgage loan commitment derivatives amounting to $146,000. 
                   
    Miscellaneous income increased to   $214,000   in the third quarter of 2016 from a loss of   $116,000   in the third quarter of 2015.  This increase reflects the Company recording positive credit valuation marks on commercial loan customer interest rate swap contracts in the third quarter of 2016 compared to negative marks in the third quarter of 2015. 
       
  Non-interest income increased   $2.0 million  , or   30.9%  , from the first nine months of 2015 to $8.5 million in the first nine months of 2016.  The increase was driven by (1) a   $1.8 million  , or   763.1%  , increase in mortgage banking revenue to   $2.0 million   in the first nine months of 2016 reflecting an increase in mortgage originations and a higher volume of loan sales, (2) a   $444,000  , or   34.5%  , increase in loan level derivative income to   $1.7 million   in the first nine months of 2016 due to a higher level of fees received from commercial loan customers who opted to convert their loans from floating to fixed rate via interest rate swaps, and (3)   $506,000   of bank-owned life insurance death benefit claims received in the first nine months of 2016 while no such gains were recognized in the first nine months of 2015.  Partially offsetting these improvements was a $841,000 or 46.1%, decline in realized securities gains (including gains on calls) to $982,000 in the first nine months of 2016. 
    
  Non-interest Expense.    Non-interest expense increased   $2.4 million  , or   22.0%  , from the third quarter of 2015 to    $13.2 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  .  A major factor driving this increase was the recording of $1.2 million of expense in the third quarter of 2016 related to the awards under the Equity Incentive Plan. Approximately 80% of the expense related to the Equity Incentive Plan is included in salaries and benefits expense and the remainder in directors' fees. The comparison with the prior year was also impacted by the recording of a $359,000 one-time adjustment in the third quarter of 2016 to appropriately match the accrual  and deferral of mortgage-related commissions.  The third quarter of 2016 also contained approximately $200,000 of costs associated with the problem loans to one commercial customer that gave rise to a $3.3 million charge-off. In addition, franchise growth also contributed to the increase in noninterest expense, including the opening of a new branch in Westwood in the fourth quarter of 2015, as well as new loan and mortgage production offices and the onboarding of new asset-based lending and municipal banking businesses. 
    
    For the first nine months of 2016, non-interest expense was   $38.2 million  , up   $6.1 million  , or   19.0%  , from the first nine months of 2015. The increase reflects: 
             
    The recording of $3.6 million of expense in the first nine months of 2016 related to the Equity Incentive Plan discussed in the quarterly discussion above. 
                
    Franchise growth also contributed to the increase in noninterest expense, including the opening of a new branch in Westwood in the fourth quarter of 2015 as well as new loan and mortgage production offices and the onboarding of new asset-based lending and municipal banking businesses. 
       
  Income Tax Provision.    The Company recorded an income tax provision of   $891,000   in the   third   quarter of   2016   and had an effective tax rate in the quarter of   35.3%   on pre-tax income of   $2.5 million  .  In the   third   quarter of   2015  , the Company recorded an income tax provision of   $923,000   and had an effective tax rate of   33.8%   on pre-tax income of   $2.7 million  .  
    
  The Company recorded an income tax provision of   $2.5 million   in the first nine months of 2016 and had an effective tax rate of   34.8%   on pre-tax income of   $7.1 million  .  In the first nine months of 2015, the Company recorded an income tax provision of   $2.3 million   and had an effective tax rate of   31.8%   on pre-tax income of   $7.1 million  . 

44 

The tax provision in any period is a function of the level of pre-tax earnings as well as the level of tax exempt income, which includes bank-owned life insurance income.  The increase in effective rate for both the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 is primarily due to non-deductible share-based compensation expense and a decrease in the dividends received deduction.  

Asset Quality 
       
  Delinquencies.   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our loan portfolio delinquencies at the dates indicated.    

Non-performing Assets.   The following table provides information with respect to non-performing loans at the dates indicated. There was no other real estate owned at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The decline in nonperforming assets from the end of 2015 is mainly due to the removal from nonaccrual status of loans secured by one income property totaling $4.2 million, which were originally placed on nonaccrual in the fourth quarter of 2015. The credit situation has improved and the loans have been performing in accordance with the terms. This was partially offset by the placement on nonaccrual, in the second quarter of 2016, of loans to one commercial customer. Loans to this customer on nonaccrual at September 30, 2016 totaled $776,000, which is net of a $3.3 million third quarter charge-off. 
  
    45 

Troubled Debt Restructurings.   We periodically modify loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help a borrower stay current on their loan and to avoid foreclosure. We generally do not forgive principal or interest on loans or modify the interest rates on loans to rates that are below market rates. The table below sets forth the amounts of our troubled debt restructurings (all residential) at the dates indicated. 

The following table sets forth the amounts of criticized loans as of the dates indicated.   

Assets that do not expose the Company to risk sufficient to warrant classified loan status, but which possess potential weaknesses that deserve close attention, are designated as special mention. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $23.4 million   of assets designated as special mention compared to $  13.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  . We have not identified any potential problem loans that are not included in the table above.   

46 

Allowance for Loan Losses.   The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans declined to   1.01%   at   September 30, 2016   from   1.11%   at   December 31, 2015  . The decline was due, in part, to the quarterly reassessment of the qualitative factor components of the reserve methodology, especially those associated with 1-4 family residential lending and home equity loans. Changes in the allowance for loan losses during the periods indicated were as follows: 

(1) Total loans does not include deferred costs or discounts. 
    
  The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated:   

47 

Management of Market Risk 
    
    Net Interest Income Analysis.    Income simulation is the primary tool for measuring the interest-rate risk inherent in our balance sheet at a given point in time by showing the effect on net interest income, over specified time horizons, under a range of interest rate ramp and shock scenarios. These simulations take into account repricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of individual products. These estimates require us to make certain assumptions including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities and decay rates. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, we cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income. Although the net interest income table below provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such estimates are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our net interest income and will differ from actual results.     
  As of   September 30, 2016  , net interest income simulation indicated that our exposure to changing interest rates was within our internal guidelines. The following table presents the estimated impact of interest-rate ramps on our estimated net interest income over the period indicated:    

  _______________________  
           (1) 
    The calculated change in net interest income assumes a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over a one-year period.     
       
  The table above indicates that at   September 30, 2016  , in the event of a 200 basis point increase in interest rates over a one year period, assuming a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over such period, we would experience a   1.9%   increase in net interest income. At the same date, in the event of a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates over a one year period, assuming a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over such period, we would experience a   0.1%   decrease in net interest income.  
    
  Economic Value of Equity Analysis.   We also analyze the sensitivity of our financial condition to changes in interest rates through our economic value of equity model. This analysis measures the difference between predicted changes in the present value of our assets and predicted changes in the present value of our liabilities assuming various changes in current interest rates.  Our economic value of equity analysis as of   September 30, 2016   indicated that, in the event of an instantaneous 200 basis point increase in interest rates, we would experience an estimated 6.7% decrease in the economic value of our equity.  At the same date, our analysis indicated that, in the event of an instantaneous 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, we would experience an estimated 4.6% decrease in the economic value of our equity. The impact on our economic value of equity under all scenarios discussed above is within our internal guidelines. The estimates of changes in the economic value of our equity require us to make certain assumptions including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities and decay rates. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, we cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on the economic value of our equity.  Although our economic value of equity analysis provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such estimates are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on the economic value of our equity and will differ from actual results.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , there were   $208.7 million   of Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ) advances outstanding with an ability to borrow up to an additional   $510.7 million  . All borrowings from the FHLBB are secured by a blanket security agreement on qualified collateral. At   September 30, 2016  , the market value of collateral pledged consisted of   $970.7 million   of residential and commercial mortgage loans and   $13.0 million   of U.S. government and government-sponsored securities. 

48 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company also had   $39.0 million   available under unsecured federal funds lines with two correspondent banks, which could be drawn upon as needed. There were no amounts outstanding under this line of credit at   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  The most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents and the level of these assets is dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At   September 30, 2016  , cash and cash equivalents totaled   $37.0 million  , which was up from   $33.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Financing activities consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts and borrowings. There was a net increase in deposits of   $247.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local competitors, and by other factors. There was also a net decline in borrowings of   $51.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $104.2 million   in commitments to originate loans. In addition to commitments to originate loans, we had   $239.8 million   in unused lines of credit to borrowers and letters of credit and   $38.1 million   in undisbursed construction loans. Certificates of deposit due within one year of   September 30, 2016   totaled $  285.9 million  , or   17.0%   of total deposits. Excluding brokered deposits, certificates of deposit due within one year of   September 30, 2016   totaled   $126.1 million  , or   7.5%   of total deposits.   

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
       
  The information required by this item is included in Part I, Item 2 of this report under  Management of Market Risk.  

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
       
  An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II- Other Information 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings    
       
  We are not involved in any material pending legal proceedings as a plaintiff or a defendant other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. We are not involved in any legal proceedings the outcome of which we believe would be material to our financial condition or results of operations.  
  On December 30, 2014, a former employee filed a complaint in U.S. Federal District Court of Massachusetts, claiming wrongful termination following a whistleblower claim. This complaint alleged violations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the False Claims Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA). The former employee has since withdrawn his claim under the FMLA, but continues to seek alleged damages with interest of foregone compensation, including bonuses and employee benefits, compensatory and punitive damages, and attorney s fees and litigation expenses in unspecified amounts. Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Blue Hills Bank believe the allegations in this complaint to be completely without merit and are defending this action in the Federal District Court. 

49 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  In addition to the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the following risk factor represents material updates and additions to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factor set forth below also is a cautionary statement identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. 
    
  A new accounting standard may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  The Financial Accounting Standards Board has adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, which will be effective for Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. and Blue Hills Bank for our first quarter of 2020.  This standard, often referred to as  CECL  (reflecting a current expected credit loss model), will require companies to recognize an allowance for credit losses based on estimates of losses expected to be realized over the contractual lives of the loans.  Under current U.S. GAAP, companies generally recognize credit losses only when it is probable that a loss has been incurred as of the balance sheet date. This new standard will require us to collect and review increased types and amounts of data for us to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses, and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
       
  On July 22, 2015, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized and regulators approved a stock repurchase program pursuant to which the Company would purchase up to 1,423,340 shares of its common stock, which represented approximately 5% of the Company's then issued and outstanding shares. The Company completed this repurchase program in February 2016, with an average price per share purchased of $14.14. On February 26, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a second share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase an additional 4%, or   1,119,000   shares, of the Company's issued and outstanding shares. Repurchased shares are returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares. On September 13, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a third share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase an additional 5% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares, or approximately 1,345,087 shares. The new stock repurchase program commenced on October 21, 2016,  following the completion of the Company s existing stock repurchase program.  As of September 30, 2016  there were   95,200   shares remaining under the second program. The timing of the purchases will depend on certain factors, including but not limited to, market conditions and prices, available funds, and alternative uses of capital. The stock repurchase program may be carried out through open-market purchases, block trades, negotiated private transactions or pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The following table sets forth information with respect to any purchases made by or on behalf of the Company during the indicated periods under the repurchase plans: 
  
    50 

Item 3.            Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
    
  None.  

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
       
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information    
       
  None. 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits    

32 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
       
  101           Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and (vi) the Notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    51 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLUE HILLS BANCORP, INC. 

Date:  November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ William M. Parent 

William M. Parent 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:  November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ James Kivlehan 

James Kivlehan 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a311certificationofthechie.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1CERTIFACATION OF CEO Q3 2016

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, William M. Parent, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined Exchange Act Rules l3a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.1 

Date: November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ William M. Parent 

William M. Parent 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a312certificationofthechie.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO Q3 16

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, James Kivlehan, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined Exchange Act Rules l3a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.2 

Date:   November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ James Kivlehan 

James Kivlehan 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 certificationofchiefexcecu.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  William M. Parent, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ), and James Kivlehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) and that to the best of his knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ William M. Parent 

William M. Parent 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ James Kivlehan 

James Kivlehan 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bhbk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bhbk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bhbk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bhbk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bhbk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bhbk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

