<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1271214_0001193125-16-759090_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2500684</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189725</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>145673</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>465055</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>994296</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>592999</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759090.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intersect ENT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001271214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				200280837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36545
		FILM NUMBER:		161972920

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1555 ADAMS DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-641-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1555 ADAMS DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINEXUS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759090.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d249667d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  Or       
 
  Commission file number: 001-36545        
       INTERSECT
ENT, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  20-0280837   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    
     
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (650) 641-2100   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes       No       Shares of common stock
outstanding as of October 31, 2016 were 28,564,963.          

Table of Contents  

     INTERSECT ENT, INC.   
  Form 10-Q   QUARTERLY REPORT   
  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
    INTERSECT ENT, INC.   
  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (in thousands, except per share data)       

(1) 
 Amounts have been derived from the December 31, 2015 audited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

     INTERSECT ENT, INC.   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     INTERSECT ENT, INC.   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (unaudited)       

1.  
  Organization        Description of Business   
 Intersect ENT, Inc. (the  Company ) is incorporated in the state of Delaware and its facilities are located in Menlo Park,
California. The Company is a commercial stage drug-device company committed to improving the quality of life for patients with ear, nose and throat conditions. The Company s sole commercial products are the PROPEL and PROPEL Mini drug releasing
implants for patients undergoing sinus surgery to treat chronic sinusitis. The Company received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for PROPEL in August 2011 and for PROPEL Mini in November 2012.  
  Liquidity and Business Risks     As of
September 30, 2016, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $108.7 million, and an accumulated deficit of $143.7 million. The Company expects its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to
fund its operations through at least the next twelve months.      

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies        Basis of Preparation   
 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).    The interim financial
data as of September 30, 2016, is unaudited and is not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. In the opinion of the Company s management, the interim data includes only normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair
presentation of the Company s financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to SEC rules and regulations relating to interim financial statements.    The accompanying
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Annual Report ) for the year ended December 31,
2015 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016.     Follow-on Offering   
 In June 2015, the Company completed a follow-on offering by issuing 4,119,300 shares of common stock, including 537,300 shares pursuant to the
full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares, at an offering price of $25.00 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $96.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $6.2 million and
offering expenses of $0.4 million.     Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts and disclosures reported in the financial statements. Management uses significant judgment when making estimates related to its common stock valuation and related stock-based compensation, as well as certain accrued liabilities. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Significant Accounting Policies   
 There have been no significant changes to the accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the
significant accounting policies described in Note 2 of the  Notes to Financial Statements  in the Company s audited financial statements included in its Annual Report.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements     There
have been no significant changes to the recent accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the recent accounting pronouncements described in Note 2 of the  Notes to Financial Statements  in the
Company s audited financial statements included in its Annual Report except as described below.    In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 adds or
makes amends to the current guidance on presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. ASU  
      4  

Table of Contents  

2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice with respect to eight types of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; proceeds from settlement of insurance claims;
classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash; and contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period and any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-15 will have on
its financial statements and related disclosures.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down for available-for-sale debt securities and allows for the reversal of estimated credit losses in
the current period, aligning the income statement recognition of credit losses with the reporting period in which changes occur. ASU 2016-13 also broadens the information an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate for
assets measured at amortized costs. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-13 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-9,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU  2016-9 ).  ASU 2016-9 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities,
classification on the statement of cash flows and an entity can now make an entity-wide election to either estimate the number of awards expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. ASU 2016-9 is effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period and any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company is evaluating
the effect that ASU 2016-9 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-2,  Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASU 2016-2 ). ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets at its present value but recognize expenses on their income statements
in a manner similar to current accounting standards and eliminates current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. ASU 2016-2 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-2 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-1,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU
2016-1 ). ASU 2016-1 requires entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income, unless the
investments qualify for the new practicability exception. Entities will also be required to assess the realizability of a deferred tax asset related to an available-for-sale debt security in combination with the entity s other deferred tax
assets. ASU 2016-1 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is generally not permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-1 will have on its
financial statements and related disclosures.      

3.  
  Composition of Certain Financial Statement Items        Accounts Receivable (in thousands):   
   
    Inventory (in thousands):       
 
      5  

Table of Contents  

4.  
  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments       The following is a summary of cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments, available-for-sale, by type of instrument (in thousands):      
   Management has the intent and ability, if necessary, to liquidate any of the Company s investments in
order to meet the Company s liquidity needs in the next twelve months. Accordingly, investments with contractual maturities greater than one year from the date of purchase, if any, are available-for-sale and classified as short-term on the
accompanying balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no investments with a maturity of greater than one year.  
 Based on an evaluation of securities that have been in a loss position, the Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment
charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015. The Company considered various factors which included a credit and liquidity assessment of the underlying securities and the Company s intent and ability
to hold the underlying securities until the estimated date of recovery of its amortized cost.      

5.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments       The Company measures certain financial assets and
liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents, short-term investments, the convertible preferred stock warrant liability and the convertible preferred stock financing option. Fair value is an exit price, representing the
amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. A three-tier fair value hierarchy is established as a basis for considering such assumptions and for inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:  

Level 1   
    
 Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

Level 2   
    
 Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all
significant inputs are observable in the market or can be derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including
interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.  

Level 3   
    
 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities, which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.  
   The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments   
 The following is a summary of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, available-for-sale, by type of instrument measured at fair
value on a recurring basis (in thousands):      
   There were no transfers in and out of Level 1 and Level 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
year ended December 31, 2015.      

6.  
  Stock-based Compensation Expense        2014 Equity Incentive Plan   
 Under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance
will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2015, and continuing through and including January 1, 2024, by 3% of the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on December 31
of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors. On January 1, 2016, the total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance increased by 844,774 shares to 6,296,102 shares.
   A summary of the Company s stock option activity and related information is as follows (options in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of options outstanding was $14.2 million and
options outstanding and exercisable was $12.6 million, the weighted-average remaining contractual term of options outstanding was 8.2 years and options outstanding and exercisable was 7.4 years. The aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of options
exercised was $5.1 million and $11.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Total stock-based compensation expense recognized is as follows (in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the amount of unearned stock-based compensation currently estimated to be expensed
through the year 2020 related to unvested employee stock-based payment awards was $15.7 million and the weighted average period over which the unearned stock-based compensation is expected to be recognized was 2.7 years. If there are any
modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested securities, the Company may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unearned stock-based compensation expense. Future stock-based compensation expense and unearned
stock-based compensation will increase to the extent that the Company grants additional share-based payments.    The fair value of options
granted to employees or directors during the periods presented below were estimated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes model assuming the weighted average assumptions listed in the following table:  
   
    2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan   
 In July 2014, the Company s board of directors approved the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( 2014 ESPP ). A total of 496,092
shares were initially reserved for issuance under the 2014 ESPP. In March 2015, the Company approved the implementation of the 2014 ESPP to begin in May 2015. In May 2016 and November 2015, 67,755 and 53,242 shares were issued, respectively.  
 The fair value of options granted under the 2014 ESPP to employees was estimated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes model assuming
the weighted average assumptions listed in the following table:      

7.  
  Net Loss per Share       Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and dilutive potential shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Because the Company has reported a net loss for all periods presented, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for those periods as all potentially dilutive shares consisting of stock options
were antidilutive in those periods.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding have been excluded from the
computations of weighted average shares outstanding because such securities have an antidilutive impact due to losses reported (in thousands):      

8.  
  Commitments and Contingencies        Contingencies   
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and
provide for general indemnifications. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made. The Company accrues a liability for
such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.     Indemnification   
 The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and its amended
and restated bylaws provide that the Company will indemnify each of its directors to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide
its board of directors with discretion to indemnify its officers and employees when determined appropriate by the board. In addition, the Company has entered and expects to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify its directors and executive
officers.     Litigation     The Company is
not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. The Company may at times be involved in litigation and other legal claims in the ordinary course of business. When appropriate in the Company s estimation, it may record reserves in its
financial statements for pending litigation and other claims.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking
statements include statements that may relate to our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs and other information that is not historical information. All
forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in
our forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, those discussed in  Part II         Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as in our condensed
financial statements, related notes and the other information appearing elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the SEC. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of
this report to reflect actual results or future events or circumstances. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. You should read the following Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this report, as well as our financial statements and related
notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016.      When we refer to
 we,   our,   us  or  Intersect ENT  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we mean Intersect ENT, Inc., unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.   
  Overview     We are a commercial stage
drug-device company committed to improving the quality of life for patients with ear, nose and throat conditions. We have developed a drug releasing bioabsorbable implant technology that enables targeted and sustained release of therapeutic agents.
This targeted drug delivery technology is designed to allow ear, nose and throat, or ENT, physicians to improve patient care. Our approved and in-development products are designed to treat the spectrum of needs among the estimated 3.5 million U.S.
patients who are managed by ENT physicians for chronic sinusitis, one of the most prevalent chronic diseases in the United States and one of the most costly conditions for U.S. employers. Chronic sinusitis patients include those needing and electing
surgery, those who have not had sinus surgery and those that have had one or more surgeries but continue to suffer from symptoms. To address these patient groups, we are:      

Marketing PROPEL    and PROPEL Mini, the first and only steroid releasing implants approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for use in patients
undergoing surgery for chronic sinusitis. PROPEL has been proven clinically in a meta-analysis of prospective, multicenter, randomized, controlled, double-blind clinical studies to improve surgical outcomes, demonstrating a 35% reduction in the need
for postoperative oral steroid and surgical intervention. Inserted by a physician into the ethmoid sinuses following sinus surgery, the self-expanding implants are designed to conform to and hold open the surgically enlarged sinus, while gradually
releasing an anti-inflammatory steroid over a period of approximately 30 days, before being fully absorbed into the body.        

Marketing PROPEL Mini for patients undergoing surgery for chronic sinusitis in the frontal sinus. Based on results from the PROGRESS clinical study, designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of PROPEL Mini when
placed in the frontal sinuses following surgery, PROPEL Mini demonstrated a statistically significant 38% relative reduction in the need for postoperative interventions compared to surgery alone.    

Completing clinical trials of RESOLVE, a steroid releasing implant designed to provide a cost-effective, less invasive solution for patients that have had ethmoid sinus surgery yet suffer from recurrent sinus
obstruction due to polyps. The RESOLVE implant is designed to be placed in the ethmoid sinus in a procedure conducted in the physician s office as an alternative to other treatment options such as further medical therapy or revision surgery. We
have completed four studies of RESOLVE in a total of 417 patients. In October 2016, we announced the results of RESOLVE II, a phase III trial of 300 patients to assess the safety and efficacy of the product. The RESOLVE II clinical study met both
primary efficacy endpoints, reduction in nasal congestion and polyp burden. We plan to submit a New Drug Application in the first quarter of 2017 to seek regulatory approval from the FDA to market the RESOLVE product.    

Pursuing approval of PROPEL Contour, formerly referred to as NOVA, a steroid releasing implant designed to fit
the ostia, or openings, of the dependent sinuses following enlargement of the sinuses. While sinus enlargement is performed on both revision and primary patients, PROPEL Contour has the potential to provide, in conjunction with balloon opening, a
less invasive procedure performed in the physician s office for patients with primary chronic sinusitis who have not had sinus surgery. We announced results of the second cohort of patients in the PROGRESS study in May 2016. This phase of the
PROGRESS study was an 80-patient prospective randomized blinded multicenter trial designed to assess the safety and efficacy of PROPEL Contour when placed in the frontal sinuses following opening of the sinus. The PROPEL Contour cohort demonstrated
a statistically significant 65% relative reduction in the need for post-operative interventions,     
      10  

Table of Contents  

such as the need for additional surgical procedures or need for oral steroid prescription, compared to surgery alone with standard post-operative care. In July 2016, we submitted a PMA supplement
to the FDA to seek approval of PROPEL Contour.       We have expanded our sales organization and we intend to continue to
grow our sales force in order to expand our communication of the benefits of our steroid releasing implants to our physician customers. We seek to grow our revenue by increasing the frequency of use of our products among current physician customers
and also to add new physician users.    In June 2015, we completed a follow-on offering by issuing 4,119,300 shares of common stock at an
offering price of $25.00 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $96.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.  
  Components of Our Results of Operations       Revenue
     All of our revenue is currently derived from sales of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini. We expect our revenue to increase as we expand our
sales, marketing and reimbursement infrastructure and increase awareness of our products. We also expect our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors. In the first quarter of any calendar year, our results can be
impacted by adverse weather and by resetting of annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles, both of which may cause patients to delay or decline elective procedures such as functional endoscopic sinus surgery, or FESS. In the second
quarter, demand may be impacted by the seasonal nature of allergies, the resultant onset of sinus-related symptoms and the growth of high deductible insurance plans which may cause patients to delay or decline elective surgery until their deductible
is met later in the year. In the third quarter, the number of FESS procedures nationwide is historically lower than other quarters throughout the year, which we believe is attributable to the summer vacations of ENT physicians and their patients. In
the fourth quarter, demand may be impacted by the onset of the cold and flu season and related symptoms, as well as the desire of patients to spend their remaining balances in flexible-spending accounts or because they have met their annual
deductibles under their health insurance plans.    When PROPEL and PROPEL Mini are used in the operating room of a hospital or ambulatory
surgery center, which accounts for the majority of product use, the products are commonly treated as general supplies utilized in sinus surgery and the cost is included in payment to the facility for the FESS procedure. Healthcare Common Procedure
Coding System, or HCPCS, codes exist for cost-reporting of our products to payors to ensure appropriate future rate-setting. To facilitate reimbursement of our products when used in the office setting, some existing procedure codes may apply and if
used in a standalone procedure, the American Medical Association, or AMA has assigned a Category III Current Procedure Terminology, or CPT, code. In addition, our products have been assigned a HCPCS code, S1090, by the Centers for Medicare
  Medicaid Services, or CMS. To strengthen reimbursement in the future, we are seeking to upgrade to permanent billing codes including Category I CPT codes and J codes. However, we believe the reimbursement coverage policies established by
private payors greatly impact expansion of access to our products, especially in the physician office setting. On November 1, 2016, CMS released the 2017 Medicare Hospital Outpatient Final Rule, effective January 1, 2017, which implements a
comprehensive ambulatory payment classification, or APC, for upper airway procedures, including sinus surgery, with reimbursement per case set at a fixed amount approximately 40-50% below the current average reimbursement amount for the procedure.
Some private payors may use Medicare rates as a reference for facility contract negotiations. If, as a result of the CMS November 1, 2016, final rule, hospital administrators and/or physicians are unable to use our products, or if we are forced to
lower the price we charge for our products, this will negatively impact our revenues and our gross margins will decrease, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business.  
 Our revenue is primarily based in the U.S. and no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      Cost of Sales and Gross Profit    
 We manufacture PROPEL and PROPEL Mini at our facility in Menlo Park, California. Cost of sales consists primarily of manufacturing overhead
costs, material costs, direct labor and other direct costs such as shipping costs. A significant portion of our cost of sales currently consists of manufacturing overhead costs. These overhead costs include the cost of quality assurance, material
procurement, inventory control, facilities, information technology, equipment and operations supervision and management. We expect overhead costs as a percentage of revenue to become less significant as our production volume increases. We expect
cost of sales to increase in absolute dollars primarily as, and to the extent, our revenue grows.     
 We calculate gross margin as gross profit divided by revenue. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of
factors, primarily production volumes, manufacturing costs and product yields, and to a lesser extent the implementation of cost-reduction strategies. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate based on changes in the average selling price and the
manufacturing costs of our products. Manufacturing cost will change as our production volume changes. The per unit allocation of our manufacturing overhead costs may decrease as production volume increases until we increase our manufacturing
capacity, at which point the per unit allocation of our manufacturing overhead costs may increase due to the additional costs of our increased manufacturing capacity.  
   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses    
 Selling, general and administrative, or SG A, expenses consist primarily of compensation for personnel, including stock-based compensation,
related to selling, marketing, finance, reimbursement, business development and human resource functions. Additional SG A expenses include commissions, training, travel expenses, promotional activities, conferences, trade shows, professional
services fees, audit and Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance expenses, insurance costs and general corporate expenses including allocated facilities and information technology expenses. We expect SG A expenses to continue to increase in
absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we expand our commercial infrastructure to drive and support the anticipated growth in revenue and incur additional legal, accounting, insurance and other professional service fees associated with the
expiration of our emerging growth company status at the end of 2015.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    Research and Development Expenses    
 Research and development, or R D, expenses consist primarily of product development, clinical and regulatory affairs, consulting services
and other costs associated with products and technologies in development. These expenses include employee compensation, stock-based compensation, supplies, quality assurance and related travel and allocated facilities and information technology
expenses. Clinical expenses include clinical trial design, clinical site reimbursement, data management and travel expenses, and the cost of manufacturing products for clinical trials. We expect R D expenses to increase in absolute dollars for
the foreseeable future as we continue to develop and commercialize new products as well as to enhance current products. However, we expect R D expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary over time depending on the level and timing of initiating
new product development efforts as well as our post-marketing studies.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and
related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material.  
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the
critical accounting policies described in our Annual Report. We believe that the accounting policies discussed in our Annual Report are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant
areas involving management s judgments and estimates.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 See Note 2 of the Condensed Financial Statements under the heading  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  for new accounting
pronouncements or changes to the recent accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Results of Operations   
   
     Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Revenue     Revenue increased $4.3 million,
or 30%, to $18.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $14.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased $11.7 million, or 27%, to $54.5 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $42.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The growth in revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in unit sales of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini from 19,800 units to 24,200 units, or
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

22%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and from 59,300 units to 71,400 units, or 20%, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in units was driven by an expansion of our sales, marketing and reimbursement organizations as well as by the introduction of an expanded indication for PROPEL Mini following
approval from the FDA to treat patients undergoing frontal sinus surgery. In addition, our average selling price increased.     Cost of Sales and Gross
Margin     Cost of sales decreased $0.1 million, or 3%, to $2.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$2.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased $0.5 million, or 6%, to $9.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $8.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease in cost of sales during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to the per unit cost reductions which resulted from increases in units produced, allowing us to spread our manufacturing overhead costs
over more units, and ongoing increases in manufacturing efficiency. The increase in cost of sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to the growth in the number of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini units sold, partially offset by
the reduced per unit overhead costs and increases in manufacturing efficiency.    Gross margin for the three months ended September 30,
2016, increased to 85%, compared to 80% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, increased to 83%, compared to 80% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases in gross
margin were due to several factors including the growth in unit volume during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, which allowed us to spread our manufacturing overhead costs over more production units, ongoing increases in
manufacturing efficiency and an increase in our average selling price.     Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
 SG A expenses increased $1.5 million, or 9%, to $17.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$16.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased $9.9 million, or 23%, to $53.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $43.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
increases in SG A expenses were primarily due to the build out of our infrastructure to support the ongoing commercialization of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini.  
 The primary component of these increases were employee-related expenses of our sales, marketing and reimbursement organizations which
increased $1.5 million and $8.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, as we increased headcount to 137 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 122
as of September 30, 2015. In addition, other SG A expenses increased $1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in headcount.  
  Research and Development Expenses   
 R D expenses decreased $0.6 million, or 12%, to $4.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$4.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased $1.1 million, or 10%, to $13.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $12.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
decrease in R D expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower clinical trial costs and R D product manufacturing and testing expenses. The increase in R D expenses during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was primarily due to increases in personnel costs as we increased headcount and clinical trial costs.     Interest and Other Income,
Net     Interest and other income, net, increased $0.1 million to $0.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $0.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased $0.4 million to $0.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
increases in interest and other income, net, were primarily attributable to higher interest rates and higher average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments available-for-sale balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources       Overview
     As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $108.7 million and an accumulated deficit of
$143.7 million, compared to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $124.3 million and an accumulated deficit of $123.3 million as of December 31, 2015. In June 2015, we completed our follow-on offering, issuing 4,119,300 shares of
common stock at an offering price of $25.00 per share yielding net proceeds of $96.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

    Cash Flows        
     Net Cash Used in Operating Activities    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was $15.1 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of
$20.4 million and an increase in net operating assets of $1.3 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of $6.6 million. The cash used in operations was primarily due to the ongoing commercialization of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini. To support the
ongoing commercialization of these products, we continued to expand our sales, marketing and reimbursement organizations. The increase in net operating assets is primarily due to an increase in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in accounts
receivable and increase in accounts payable. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense.    During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used in operating activities was $12.9 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of $20.9 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of $4.5 million and a decrease in net operating assets of $3.5
million. The cash used in operations was primarily due to the ongoing commercialization of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini. To support the ongoing commercialization of these products, we continued to expand our sales, marketing and reimbursement
organizations. The  non-cash  charges primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense. The decrease in net operating assets is primarily due to an increase in accrued compensation and accounts payable,
partially offset by an increase in inventory.     Net Cash Used in Investing Activities    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $4.4 million, consisting of net purchases of
short-term investments and purchases of property and equipment.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used in
investing activities was $78.4 million, consisting primarily of net purchases of short-term investments.      Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities
     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $1.2 million, consisting of net
proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercises of employee stock options.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
net cash provided by financing activities was $97.2 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds from our follow-on offering.      Liquidity
     We currently believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2016, will be
sufficient to meet our capital requirements and fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. If these sources are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain
credit facilities. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders would experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any
debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. Additional financing may not be available at all, or in amounts or on terms unacceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain
additional financing, we may be required to delay the development, commercialization and marketing of our products.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we were not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are
reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Contractual Obligations   
 Our future minimum contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015, were $8.8 million, as reported in our Annual Report. Our contractual
obligations as of September 30, 2016, have not significantly changed from December 31, 2015.       ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Interest Rate Risk    
 The risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is primarily limited to our cash equivalents and short-term investments which are carried
at fair market value. We do not currently use or plan to use financial derivatives in our investment portfolio.    As of September 30, 2016,
we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $108.7 million. Cash equivalents and  short-term  investments are composed of money market funds, corporate debt securities and commercial paper. Our
investment policy requires investments to be of high credit quality and generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any single issuer or group of issuers. Our objective is the preservation of capital and to maintain proper liquidity to meet
our operating requirements while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our financial instruments without significantly increasing risk. Because our short-term investments have a weighted average maturity of not more than one year,
we believe the impact of a hypothetical 10% change in market interest rates at September 30, 2016 would not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
   Credit Risk      As of September 30,
2016, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were maintained with two financial institutions in the United States, and our current deposits are likely in excess of insured limits. We have reviewed the financial statements of these
institutions and believe they have sufficient assets and liquidity to conduct their operations in the ordinary course of business with little or no credit risk to us.  
 Our accounts receivable relate to revenue from the sale of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini to hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers primarily in the
United States. No single customer represented more than 10% of our accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Foreign
Currency Risk      Our business is primarily conducted in U.S. dollars. Transactions conducted in foreign currencies have not had, and
are not expected to have, a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.       ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
   Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.       PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION        ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.  
    ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
  Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risk factors discussed in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, and all other information contained in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the risks discussed in this report actually occur, they may materially harm our business, financial condition, operating
results, cash flows or growth prospects. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we think are
immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows or growth prospects and could result in a complete loss of your investment. The risks facing our business have not changed substantively from those
discussed in our Annual Report, except for those risks marked with an asterisk (*).      Risks Related to Our Business   
   We have incurred significant operating losses since inception and may not be able to achieve profitability.    
 We have incurred net losses since our inception in 2003. We had a net loss of $20.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
and $26.6 million and $18.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $143.7 million. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private
placements of our equity securities, certain debt-related financing arrangements and from sales of our approved products. We have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development of our products, sales and marketing activities
and clinical and regulatory initiatives to obtain approvals for our products. Our ability to generate sufficient revenue from our existing products or from any of our product candidates in development, and to transition to profitability and generate
consistent positive cash flows is uncertain. We expect that our operating expenses will continue to increase as we continue to build our commercial infrastructure, develop, enhance and commercialize new products and incur additional operational and
reporting costs associated with being a public company. As a result, we expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve profitability.  
   All of our revenue is generated from our PROPEL and PROPEL Mini steroid releasing implants and we are completely dependent on the success of these
products. If these products fail to gain widespread market acceptance, our business will suffer.      We started selling PROPEL in
August 2011 and PROPEL Mini in November 2012. We expect that sales of these products will account for substantially all of our revenue for the foreseeable future and therefore our ability to become profitable will depend upon the commercial success
of these products. We market these products primarily to ear, nose and throat, or ENT, physicians who may be slow, or fail to adopt our products or who may use our products in only a small percentage of their patients undergoing sinus surgery for a
variety of reasons, including, among others:      

lack of experience with our products;        

lack of availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement for hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and physicians;        

lack of evidence supporting cost benefits or cost effectiveness of our products over existing alternatives;        

lack of clinical data supporting patient benefits beyond six months; and        

liability risks generally associated with the use of new products and procedures.      If we are
unable to effectively demonstrate to ENT physicians the benefits of our products when used during sinus surgery and our products fail to achieve market acceptance, our future revenue will be adversely impacted.  
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our commercialization efforts, we are unable to predict the extent to which we
will continue to generate revenue from our products or the timing for when or the extent to which we will become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on an ongoing basis.  
   *Pricing pressure from our hospital and ambulatory surgery center customers due to limited coverage and reimbursement for our products may impact our
ability to sell our products at prices necessary to support our current business strategies.      Hospital and other healthcare
provider customers, including ambulatory surgery centers, that purchase our products typically bill various third-party payors to cover all or a portion of the costs and fees associated with the sinus surgery procedures in which our products are
used and bill patients for any deductibles or co-payments. Because there is often no separate reimbursement for supplies used in surgical procedures, the additional cost associated with the use of our steroid releasing implants can impact the
profit margin  
      16  

Table of Contents  

of the hospital or surgery center where the sinus surgery is performed. Some of our target customers may be unwilling to adopt our steroid releasing implants in light of the additional associated
cost. Further, any decline in the amount payors are willing to reimburse our customers for sinus surgery procedures could make it difficult for existing customers to continue using, or adopt, our steroid releasing implants and could create
additional pricing pressure for us. On November 1, 2016, the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, released the 2017 Medicare Hospital Outpatient Final Rule, effective January 1, 2017, which implements a comprehensive ambulatory
payment classification, or APC, for upper airway procedures, including sinus surgery, with reimbursement per case set at a fixed amount approximately 40-50% below the current average reimbursement amount for the procedure. Some private payors may
use Medicare rates as a reference for facility contract negotiations. If, as a result of the CMS November 1, 2016, final rule, hospital administrators and/or physicians are unable to use our products, or if we are forced to lower the price we charge
for our products, this will negatively impact our revenues and our gross margins will decrease, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business.  
 To facilitate reimbursement of our products when used in the office setting of care, our products have been assigned both CPT coding of
Category III and HCPCS code of S1090, by the American Medical Association, or AMA and the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, respectively. To strengthen reimbursement in the future, we are seeking to upgrade these billing codes to
permanent Category I CPT codes and J codes. Our ability to obtain new billing codes will depend, in part, on published clinical evidence, support from the ENT community and physician adoption of our technology. Although obtaining permanent billing
codes may result in payment amounts that better reflect the costs and resources associated with the use of our products, we cannot ensure we will be successful in obtaining permanent codes or that the assigned payment rates will be adequate.  
 We are also seeking to expand the number of payors with positive coverage policies relating to our products. We believe the reimbursement
coverage policies established by private payors greatly impact expansion of access to our products, especially in the physician office setting. Many private payors have  experimental and investigational  policies that relate to our
products, and payors do not typically reimburse for products under such policies. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in reversing these policies, nor can we assure you that our product will be fully reimbursed even under favorable
policies.      Our future growth depends on physician awareness and adoption of our steroid releasing implants.    
 We focus our sales, marketing and education efforts primarily on ENT physicians. We train physicians on the patient population that would
benefit from our steroid releasing implants. This patient population is based on those included in our clinical studies and includes, for example, patients with or without polyps as well as patients undergoing either primary or revision surgery.
Some physicians may choose to utilize our products on a subset of their patients such as patients with severe polyp disease that they deem at higher risk for postoperative complications. If we are not able to effectively demonstrate to those
physicians that our products are beneficial in a broad range of patients on which they operate, their adoption of our products will be limited.  
 We train our physician customers on the proper techniques in using our devices to achieve the intended outcome. The successful use of our
steroid releasing implants depends in large part on the physician s adherence to the techniques that they are provided in training by our sales representatives. In the event that physicians do not adhere to these techniques or if they perceive
that our products are too cumbersome for them to use, we may have difficulty facilitating adoption. Additionally, physicians may develop their own techniques for use of our products during insertion and during the period in which the drug is
delivered and is bioabsorbed. For example, we are aware some physicians are removing our steroid releasing implants before all of the drug has been released into the surrounding tissue. While physicians were allowed to remove the implant at any time
at their discretion in our clinical studies, early removal could lead to suboptimal outcomes. In addition, if physicians utilize our products in a manner that is inconsistent with how they were studied clinically, their outcomes may not be
consistent with the outcomes achieved in our clinical studies, which may impact their perception of patient benefit and limit their adoption of our products.  
 In addition, the initial point of contact for many patients suffering from chronic sinusitis may be primary care physicians or other referring
medical professionals who commonly treat patients experiencing sinus-related symptoms or complications. We believe that we must educate these primary care physicians and other referring medical professionals about our steroid releasing implants in
order to grow the market beyond the over 3.5 million patients with chronic sinusitis who are currently managed by ENT physicians. If we fail to do so, these primary care physicians and other referring medical professionals may not refer
patients to an ENT physician who will perform sinus surgery and use our steroid releasing implants. As a result, those patients may go untreated, attempt to manage their sinusitis through medical management alone or seek alternative surgical
procedures. If we are not successful in educating primary care physicians and other referring medical professionals about our steroid releasing implants, our ability to increase our revenue may be impaired.  
      Our clinical studies were designed to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of
PROPEL based on FDA requirements and may not be seen as compelling to physicians. Any subsequent clinical studies that are conducted and published may not be positive or consistent with our existing data, which would affect the rate of adoption of
PROPEL.      Our success depends on the medical community s acceptance of our steroid releasing implants as tools that are useful
to ENT physicians treating patients with chronic sinusitis. We have sponsored three multicenter, prospective studies of over 200 patients to track outcomes of treatment with our steroid releasing implants. These clinical data have resulted in the
highest level of evidence generated for any product used to improve the outcomes of sinus surgery. The principal safety and efficacy information of our steroid releasing implants is derived from the ADVANCE II study, a prospective, multicenter,
randomized controlled, double-blind, pivotal study that was completed in September 2010. We also sponsored the ADVANCE study, a prospective, multicenter, single-cohort, open-label trial completed in December 2009 and the PROPEL Pilot Study, a
prospective, multicenter, randomized, controlled, double-blind feasibility study completed in April 2009. While the results of these three studies collectively indicate a favorable safety and efficacy profile, the study designs and results may not
be viewed as compelling to our physician customers. If physicians do not find our data compelling, they may choose not to use our products or limit their use. Our PROPEL Pilot study and ADVANCE II  
      17  

Table of Contents  

study incorporated an intra-patient control design comparing PROPEL to a non-drug releasing control version of the implant in order to maintain blinding. Primary efficacy endpoints for these two
studies were measured at 30 days after placement as we believe that proper healing in the immediate postoperative period is indicative of long-term outcomes. Additionally, it was important to allow for medical intervention after day 30
given one sinus side of each patient had the control device. Clinical efficacy demonstrated at this short-term endpoint does not guarantee long-term clinical benefits. Our ADVANCE study measured patient symptom improvements out to six months. The
long-term effects of sinus surgery in conjunction with our steroid releasing implants beyond six months are not known. Certain ENT physicians, hospitals and surgery centers may prefer to see longer term efficacy data than we have produced. We cannot
assure that any data that we or others generate will be consistent with that observed in these studies or meet the endpoints, nor that the results will be maintained beyond the time points studied. We also cannot assure that any data that may be
collected will be compelling to the medical community because the data may not be scientifically meaningful and may not demonstrate that sinus surgery using our steroid releasing implants is an attractive procedure when compared against data from
alternative treatments.    Each ENT physician s individual experience with our steroid releasing implants will vary, and we believe
that physicians will compare actual long-term outcomes in their own practices using our steroid releasing implants against sinus surgery used in conjunction with traditional sinus packing techniques. A long-term, adequately-controlled clinical study
comparing sinus surgery performed in conjunction with our steroid releasing implants against sinus surgery performed in conjunction with the variety of traditional sinus packing techniques incorporated by physicians would be expensive and
time-consuming and we have not conducted, and are not currently planning to conduct, such a study. If the experience of physicians indicates that the use of our steroid releasing implants in FESS is not as safe or effective as other treatment
options or does not provide a lasting solution to patients with chronic sinusitis, adoption of our products may suffer and our business would be harmed.  
   We utilize third-party, single source suppliers and service providers for many of the components, materials and services used in the production of our
steroid releasing implants, and the loss of or disruption by any of these suppliers or service providers could harm our business.    
 The active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and a number of our critical components used in our steroid releasing implants are supplied
to us from single source suppliers. We rely on single source suppliers for some of our polymer materials, some extrusions and molded components, some off-the-shelf components and for finished goods testing. If a supplier delivers products of
insufficient quality, it could lead to lot issues, failures or recalls. Our ability to supply our products commercially and to develop our product candidates depends, in part, on our ability to obtain these components in accordance with regulatory
requirements and in sufficient quantities and quality for commercialization and clinical testing. We have entered into manufacturing, supply or quality agreements with a number of our single source suppliers pursuant to which they supply the
components we need. We are not certain that our single source suppliers will be able to meet our demand for their products, either because of the nature of our agreements with those suppliers, our limited experience with those suppliers or our
relative importance as a customer to those suppliers. It may be difficult for us to assess their ability to timely meet our demand in the future based on past performance. While our suppliers have generally met our demand for their products on a
timely basis in the past, they may subordinate our needs in the future to their other customers.    Establishing additional or replacement
suppliers for the API or any of the components or processes used in our products, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, the replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require
additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay. For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, could require additional supplemental data if we rely upon a new supplier for the API used in PROPEL and
PROPEL Mini. While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the single source components and materials used in our products, any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain components or materials from
alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders.  
 If our third-party suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of materials, on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable
prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially equivalent volumes and quality, and on a timely basis, the continued commercialization of our products and
the development of our product candidates would be impeded, delayed, limited or prevented, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
   It is difficult to forecast future performance, which may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably.    
 Our limited operating history and commercial experience make it difficult for us to predict future performance. As we gain additional
commercial experience, a number of factors over which we have limited control may contribute to fluctuations in our financial results, such as seasonal variations in revenue. In the first quarter, our results can be impacted by adverse weather and
by resetting of annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles, both of which may cause patients to delay elective procedures such as FESS. In the second quarter, demand may be impacted by the seasonal nature of allergies, the resultant onset
of sinus-related symptoms and the growth of high deductible insurance plans which may cause patients to delay or decline elective surgery until their deductible is met later in the year. In the third quarter, the number of FESS procedures nationwide
is historically lower than other quarters throughout the year, which we believe is attributable to the summer vacations of ENT physicians and their patients. In the fourth quarter, demand may be impacted by the onset of the cold and flu season and
related symptoms, as well as the desire of patients to spend their remaining balances in flexible-spending accounts or because they have met their annual deductibles under their health insurance plans. Other factors that may impact our quarterly
results include:      

ENT physician adoption of our steroid releasing implants;    
      18  

Table of Contents  

unanticipated pricing pressure;        

the hiring, retention and continued productivity of our sales representatives;        

our ability to expand the geographic reach of our sales and marketing efforts;        

our ability to obtain regulatory approval and reimbursement coverage for our products in development or for our current products outside the United States;    

our ability to maintain intellectual property protection for our products and our competitors being granted patents for competing products;    

results of clinical research and trials on our existing products and products in development;        

delays in receipt of anticipated purchase orders;        

timing of new product offerings, acquisitions, licenses or other significant events by us or our competitors;        

delays in, failure of, or quality issues with, component and raw material deliveries by our suppliers or service providers;        

manufacturing issues or lot failures; and        

positive or negative coverage in the media or clinical publications of our steroid releasing implants or products of our competitors or our industry.    
 In the event our actual revenue and operating results do not meet our forecasts for a particular period, the market price of our common stock
may decline substantially.      Our long-term growth depends on our ability to develop and commercialize additional ENT products.    
 It is important to our business that we continue to build a more complete product offering within the ENT market. We are using our drug
releasing bioabsorbable implant technology to develop new products for use in the physician office setting. Developing additional products is expensive and time-consuming and could divert management s attention away from our current sinus
surgery products and harm our business. Even if we are successful in developing additional products, including those currently in development for use in the physician office setting, the success of any new product offering or enhancement to an
existing product will depend on several factors, including our ability to:      

properly identify and anticipate ENT physician and patient needs;        

develop and introduce new products or product enhancements in a timely manner;        

avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties;        

demonstrate, if required, the safety and efficacy of new products with data from preclinical studies and clinical trials;        

obtain the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements;        

be fully FDA-compliant with marketing of new devices or modified products;        

provide adequate training to potential users of our products;        

receive adequate coverage and reimbursement for procedures performed with our products; and        

develop an effective and FDA-compliant, dedicated sales and marketing team.      If we are
unsuccessful in developing and commercializing additional products in other areas of ENT, our ability to increase our revenue may be impaired.      If
clinical studies of our future products or product indications do not produce results necessary to support regulatory clearance or approval in the United States or, with respect to our current or future products, elsewhere, we will be unable to
commercialize these products.      We will likely need to conduct additional clinical studies in the future to support new product or
product indication approvals, or for the approval of the use of our products in some foreign countries. Clinical testing takes many years, is expensive and carries uncertain outcomes. The initiation and completion of any of these studies may be
prevented, delayed, or halted for numerous reasons, including, but not limited to, the following:      

the FDA, institutional review boards or other regulatory authorities do not approve a clinical study protocol, force us to modify a previously approved protocol, or place a clinical study on hold;    

patients do not enroll in, or enroll at a lower rate than we expect, or do not complete a clinical study;    
      19  

Table of Contents  

patients or investigators do not comply with study protocols;        

patients do not return for post-treatment follow-up at the expected rate;        

patients experience unexpected adverse event or side effects for a variety of reasons that may or may not be related to our products;    

sites participating in an ongoing clinical study withdraw, requiring us to engage new sites;        

difficulties or delays associated with establishing additional clinical sites;        

third-party clinical investigators decline to participate in our clinical studies, do not perform the clinical studies on the anticipated schedule, or are inconsistent with the investigator agreement, clinical study
protocol, good clinical practices or other agency requirements;        

third-party organizations do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner;        

regulatory inspections of our clinical studies or manufacturing facilities require us to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate our clinical studies;    

changes in federal, state, or foreign governmental statutes, regulations or policies;        

interim results are inconclusive or unfavorable as to immediate and long-term safety or efficacy;        

the study design is inadequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy; or        

the study does not meet the primary endpoints.      Clinical failure can occur at any stage of the
testing. Our clinical studies may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and non-clinical testing in addition to those we have planned. Our failure to adequately
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any of our devices would prevent receipt of regulatory clearance or approval and, ultimately, the commercialization of that device or indication for use. Even if our future products are approved in the United
States, commercialization of our products in foreign countries would require approval by regulatory authorities in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different
from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
   Consolidation in the healthcare industry could lead to demands for price concessions, which may impact our ability to sell our products at prices
necessary to support our current business strategies.      Healthcare costs have risen significantly over the past decade, which has
driven numerous cost reform initiatives by legislators, regulators and third-party payors. Cost reform has elicited a consolidation trend in the healthcare industry to aggregate purchasing power, which may create more requests for pricing
concessions in the future. Additionally, group purchasing organizations, independent delivery networks and large single accounts may continue to use their market power to consolidate purchasing decisions for hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers.
We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to change the healthcare industry worldwide, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among
our customers, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
   We compete or may compete in the future against other companies, some of which have longer operating histories, more established products and greater
resources, which may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration or improved operating results.      Our industry is
highly competitive, subject to change and significantly affected by new product introductions and other activities of industry participants. Many of the companies developing or marketing ENT products are publicly traded companies, including
Medtronic, Olympus, Johnson   Johnson, Stryker, Smith   Nephew and Entellus. Most of these companies enjoy several competitive advantages, including:      

greater financial and human capital resources;        

significantly greater name recognition;        

established relationships with ENT physicians, referring physicians, customers and third-party payors;        

additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates or bundle products to offer greater discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; and    

established sales, marketing and worldwide distribution networks.      Because of the size of the
market opportunity for the treatment of chronic sinusitis, we believe potential competitors have historically dedicated and will continue to dedicate significant resources to aggressively promote their products or develop new
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

products. New product developments that could compete with our products are possible because of the prevalence of chronic sinusitis and the extensive research efforts and technological progress
that exist within the market. Large medical device companies with ENT divisions, such as Medtronic, also have capability in drug releasing stents and smaller companies may develop competing products. Though we are not aware of any such products on
the market or undergoing U.S. clinical trials, these or other companies may develop drug releasing products that could compete with our products.  
 Our commercially available products are designed to be used during sinus surgery. If another company successfully develops an approach for the
treatment of chronic sinusitis that would not benefit from the use of our steroid releasing implants, if another company develops a device to treat the inflammation and scarring associated with sinus surgery that is more efficacious than our steroid
releasing implants, or if a pharmaceutical company successfully develops a drug that addresses chronic sinusitis without the need for surgical intervention, sales of our products would be significantly and adversely affected.  
   If physicians treat more patients in their offices instead of performing surgery in the operating room, our ability to sell PROPEL may be harmed
     The prevalence of sinus procedures being performed in the office has increased since sinus dilation products for use in the
office setting received category one reimbursement codes in 2011. As a result, the number of companies selling sinus dilation products has increased and well-known companies such as Medtronic, Entellus and Johnson   Johnson have begun to sell
sinus dilation products. This has led to increased marketing investments to sell these sinus dilation products in an attempt to not only grow the overall sinus procedure market but also to shift procedures from the operating room to the office. If
more patients are treated for chronic sinusitis in a physician s office with a sinus dilation product rather than through FESS procedures in the operating room, the volume of FESS procedures performed may not grow as anticipated and our ability
to sell our products may be harmed.      We face the risk of product liability claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and
harm our reputation and business. We may not be able to maintain adequate product liability insurance.      Our business exposes us to
the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices and drug products. This risk exists even if a device or product is approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured in
facilities licensed and regulated by the FDA, such as the case with PROPEL and PROPEL Mini, or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Our products and product candidates are designed to affect important bodily functions and processes. Any side
effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated with our products or our product candidates could result in patient injury or death. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation over product liability
claims, and we cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability suits. We may be subject to product liability claims if our steroid releasing implants cause, or merely appear to have caused, patient injury or death. In addition, an
injury that is caused by the activities of our suppliers, such as those who provide us with components and raw materials, may be the basis for a claim against us. Product liability claims may be brought against us by consumers, health care providers
or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products or product candidates, among others. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm. In
addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in:      

costs of litigation;        

distraction of management s attention from our primary business;        

the inability to commercialize our products or, if approved, our product candidates;        

decreased demand for our products or, if approved, product candidates;        

impairment of our business reputation;        

product recall or withdrawal from the market;        

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;        

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; or        

loss of revenue.      While we may attempt to manage our product liability exposure by proactively
recalling or withdrawing from the market any defective products, any recall or market withdrawal of our products may delay the supply of those products to our customers and may impact our reputation. We can provide no assurance that we will be
successful in initiating appropriate market recall or market withdrawal efforts that may be required in the future or that these efforts will have the intended effect of preventing product malfunctions and the accompanying product liability that may
result. Such recalls and withdrawals may also be used by our competitors to harm our reputation for safety or be perceived by patients as a safety risk when considering the use of our products, either of which could have an adverse effect on our
business.    In addition, although we have product liability and clinical study liability insurance that we believe is appropriate, this
insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, coverage may not be adequate to protect us against any
future product liability claims. If  
      21  

Table of Contents  

we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to
significant liabilities, which may harm our business. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.      The misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our image in the marketplace, result in
injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations and sanctions by regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly to our business.    
 The products we currently market have been approved by the FDA for specific treatments. We train our marketing and direct sales force to not
promote our products for uses outside of the FDA-approved indications for use, known as  off-label uses.  We cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our products off-label, when in the physician s independent professional
medical judgment he or she deems it appropriate. There may be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use our products off-label. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those approved by the FDA or any
foreign regulatory body may not effectively treat such conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients.  
 Physicians may also misuse our products or use improper techniques if they are not adequately trained, potentially leading to injury and an
increased risk of product liability. If our products are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation by our customers or their patients. Product liability claims could divert management s attention from
our core business, be expensive to defend, and result in sizable damage awards against us that may not be covered by insurance. In addition, if the FDA or any foreign regulatory body determines that our promotional materials or training constitute
promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine
or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant
penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and the curtailment of our operations. Any of these events could
significantly harm our business and results of operations and cause our stock price to decline.      Our ability to maintain our competitive position
depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel.      We believe that our continued success depends, to a
significant extent, upon the efforts and abilities of our key executives. All of our executive officers and other employees are at-will employees, and therefore may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. The replacement of
any of our key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and would harm our business.  
 Our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain our executive officers and other key employees. Many of our
employees have become or will soon become vested in a substantial amount of stock or number of stock options. Our employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly
appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the options, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly below the market price of our common stock. Further, our
employees  ability to exercise those options and sell their stock in a public market may result in a higher than normal turnover rate. We do not carry any  key person  insurance policies.  
   If our facilities or the facility of a supplier or customer become inoperable, we will be unable to continue to research, develop, manufacture,
commercialize and sell our products and, as a result, our business will be harmed until we are able to secure a new facility.      We
do not have redundant facilities. We perform substantially all of our research and development, manufacturing and commercialization activity and maintain all our raw material and a significant portion of our finished goods inventory in a single
location in Menlo Park, California. Menlo Park is situated on or near earthquake fault lines. Our facility and equipment would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to repair or replace. The facility may be harmed or rendered
inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including, but not limited to, earthquakes, flooding, fire, water shortages and power outages, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to perform our research, development, manufacturing and
commercialization activities for some period of time. The inability to perform those activities, combined with our limited inventory of raw materials and finished product reserve, may result in the inability to continue manufacturing our products
during such periods and the loss of customers or harm to our reputation. Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and this
insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. The occurrence of natural disasters or acts of terrorism could also cause delays in our customers  supply chain, causing them to delay their requirements for our
products until they resolve shortages from their other suppliers. Any such occurrences of natural disasters or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our financial condition.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    If we experience significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business may be
adversely affected.      We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including
accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing and inventory management. Our current systems provide virtual redundancy but are operated from one physical location in Menlo Park. However, we are in the process of upgrading the level of redundancy
for our IT systems. We expect these upgrades to take one to two years to complete. While we will attempt to mitigate interruptions, we may experience difficulties in implementing some upgrades which could impact our business operations, or
experience difficulties in operating our business during the upgrade, either of which could disrupt our operations, including our ability to timely ship and track product orders, project inventory requirements, manage our supply chain and otherwise
adequately service our customers. In the event we experience significant disruptions, such as natural disasters or security breaches, as a result of the current implementation of our information technology systems, we may not be able to repair our
systems in an efficient and timely manner. Accordingly, such events may disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our entire operation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.  
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology for our infrastructure. Our information systems require an ongoing
commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems. Failure to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively could have a materially adverse effect on our business. For example, third
parties may attempt to hack into our information systems and may obtain our proprietary information.     Risks Relating to Regulatory Matters   
   The existence of adequate coverage and reimbursement is important for sales of our products. Inadequate coverage and reimbursement policies for
procedures using our steroid releasing implants could affect the adoption of our products and our future revenue.      Successful
sales of our steroid releasing implants depend on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for either the products specifically, the procedures associated with the use of the products, or both. Providers that
purchase our products generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs and fees associated with the procedures performed with these medical devices or the devices themselves. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from
third-party payors, including governmental payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, therefore, is important for obtaining product acceptance and widespread adoption in the marketplace.  
 In the United States, coverage and reimbursement for medical devices vary among payors. In addition, payors continually review new
technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these new products and procedures. We estimate that private payors covering a significant number of U.S. covered lives currently have non-coverage policies with respect to
PROPEL and PROPEL Mini and they consider these products investigational or experimental. Some governmental and private  third-party  payors do not currently cover or reimburse our products because they have
determined insufficient evidence of favorable clinical outcomes is available. Although some consider the steroid releasing implants investigational or experimental at this time, these payors may in the future determine sufficient evidence has been
developed to cover and reimburse our products and related procedures. We are actively working to reverse these non-coverage decisions but cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. If we are not successful in reversing
existing non-coverage policies, or if other third-party payors issue similar policies, this could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Further, third-party payors who currently cover and reimburse customers for procedures
using our products may in the future choose to decrease current levels of reimbursement or eliminate reimbursement altogether, either of which will cause our business to suffer.  
 To contain costs of new technologies, governmental healthcare programs and third-party payors are increasingly scrutinizing new and even
existing treatments by requiring extensive evidence of favorable clinical outcomes and cost effectiveness before extending or continuing coverage, respectively. Such evidence generally must be derived from well-designed independent studies and
published in peer-reviewed journals. Payors also may be influenced by positive position statements on the value of this technology issued by medical specialty societies. For example, payors may be persuaded to extend coverage by positive clinical
data demonstrating the long-term safety and efficacy of FESS performed with our steroid releasing implants against FESS alone. A  long-term  clinical study randomizing FESS using our products against FESS alone
would require an extremely large patient population to demonstrate these differences, and would be expensive and time-consuming. We have not conducted and are not currently planning to conduct such a study. Further, even positive study results do
not guarantee adequate third-party payor coverage and reimbursement. Although the American Rhinologic Society and the American Academy of Otolaryngology   Head and Neck Surgery have issued positive position statements regarding the use of
steroid releasing implants, if either or both societies change these position statements in an unfavorable manner, third-party payors may reverse existing favorable coverage and reimbursement policies or otherwise decline to adopt favorable policies
for our products, either of which will cause our business to suffer.     
 Generally, third-party payors currently reimburse hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and physicians for the FESS procedures during which
our technology is implanted using existing Category I Current Procedure Terminology, or CPT, codes relating to the FESS procedures performed. These CPT codes do not currently distinguish between procedures performed with or without our steroid
releasing implants. The amount of reimbursement received by our customers from third-party payors is dependent generally on fee schedules established by these payors for the existing FESS CPT codes. For governmental payors, such as Medicare and
Medicaid, the fee schedule amount is determined by statutory and regulatory formulas. For private payors, the reimbursement amount  
      23  

Table of Contents  

generally is dependent upon the specific contract terms between the provider and payor. We cannot provide assurance that government or private third-party payors will continue to reimburse for
FESS with our products using the existing codes, nor can we provide assurance that the payment rates will be adequate. If providers and physicians are unable to obtain reimbursement for FESS at cost-effective levels when use of our products is
included, this could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers are unlikely to purchase our products if they do not receive payment sufficient to cover the cost of our products and
related procedures. In addition, in the event that the current coding and/or payment methodology for these procedures changes, this could have a material adverse effect on our business and business operations.  
 To secure separate payment for our products, whether for our currently marketed products or those under development, a unique billing code is
required for either the implant, the procedure associated with use of our products, or both. Although a unique billing code currently exists for our marketed products, it is not associated with payment by most payors and is not reportable to many
payors, including Medicare. In January 2016, the American Medical Association released two Category III CPT codes for the placement of drug releasing implants as either a stand-alone procedure or in conjunction with sinus biopsy, polypectomy or
debridement. These codes are primarily relevant to future in-office product candidates. Many payors consider Category III codes  non-covered.  Such payors may not cover these in-office products if they become
commercially available unless the codes are graduated to Category I status and/or a formal coverage policy is established. As of now, it is not possible to assess the full impact of product or procedure-specific codes on our business or results of
operations, nor is it possible to predict the timing or likelihood of securing such specific codes. If new product or procedure-specific codes are adopted, and the level of reimbursement declines significantly below current levels, our business and
results of operations would be harmed and our stock price would likely decline.      *Healthcare cost containment pressures and legislative or
administrative reforms resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices of third-party payors could decrease the demand for our products, the prices that customers are willing to pay and the number of procedures performed using our steroid releasing
implants, which could have an adverse effect on our business.      All third-party payors, whether governmental or commercial, whether
inside the United States or outside, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. These cost-control methods include prospective payment systems, bundled payment models, capitated arrangements, group purchasing,
benefit redesign, pre-authorization processes, and requirements for second opinions prior to major surgery. These cost-control methods also potentially limit the amount that healthcare providers may be willing to pay for medical devices. Therefore,
coverage or reimbursement for medical devices may decrease in the future.    Further, from time to time, typically on an annual basis,
payment amounts are updated and revised by third-party payors. Because the cost of our products generally is recovered by the healthcare provider as part of the payment for performing a procedure and not separately reimbursed, these updates could
directly impact the demand for our products. An example of payment updates is the Medicare program updates to physician payments, which is done on an annual basis using a prescribed statutory formula. In the past, when the application of the
formula, known as the sustainable growth rate, or SGR, methodology, resulted in lower payment, Congress, on several occasions, passed legislation to temporarily prevent the reductions. On April 16, 2015, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization
Act of 2015, or MACRA, was signed into law. MACRA permanently reforms Medicare payment policy for physician services by repealing the SGR methodology, establishing a period of stable physician fee schedule updates and then linking updates to
participation in either a new Merit-based Incentive Payment System, or MIPS, or based on participation in qualified Alternative Payment Models, or APMs. CMS has proposed regulations to begin implementing the MACRA reforms, but the details of the
policies have not yet been finalized. On November 1, 2016, CMS released the 2017 Medicare Hospital Outpatient Final Rule, effective January 1, 2017, which implements a comprehensive APC, for upper airway procedures, including sinus surgery,
with reimbursement per case set at a fixed amount approximately 40-50% below the current average reimbursement amount for the procedure. Some private payors may use Medicare rates as a reference for facility contract negotiations. If, as a result of
the CMS November 1, 2016, final rule, hospital administrators and/or physicians are unable to use our products, or if we are forced to lower the price we charge for our products, this will negatively impact our revenues and our gross margins
will decrease, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. We cannot predict how pending and future healthcare legislation and regulations will impact our business and any changes that further restricts coverage of
our products or lowers reimbursement for procedures using our products could materially affect our business.      Reimbursement in international markets
may require us to undertake country-specific reimbursement activities, including additional clinical studies, which could be time-consuming and expensive and may not yield acceptable reimbursement rates.    
 In international markets, market acceptance of our products will likely depend in large part on the availability of reimbursement within
prevailing healthcare payment systems. Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems in international markets vary significantly by country, and by region in some countries, and include both government-sponsored healthcare and private insurance. We
may not obtain international reimbursement approvals in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, even if we do obtain international reimbursement approvals, the level of reimbursement may not be enough to commercially justify expansion of our
business into the approving jurisdiction. To the extent we or our customers are unable to obtain reimbursement for our steroid releasing implants in major international markets in which we seek to market and sell our products, our international
revenue growth would be harmed, and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    Our products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, and other agencies, including the requirement
to obtain approval prior to commercializing our products and the requirement to report adverse events. If we fail to obtain necessary FDA device or drug approvals for our products, or are subject to regulatory enforcement action as a result of our
failure to properly report adverse events or otherwise comply with regulatory requirements, our commercial operations would be harmed.    
 Our steroid releasing implants are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and various other federal, state and foreign governmental
authorities. The Premarket Approval, or PMA, and New Drug Application, or NDA, approval processes can be expensive and lengthy. Despite the time, effort and cost required to obtain approval, there can be no assurance that any product that we intend
to commercialize in the future will be approved by the FDA in a timely fashion, if at all. For example, we do not have prior experience in obtaining approval of an NDA, which could delay or adversely affect our ability to obtain approval for
RESOLVE.    Our currently marketed products are subject to Medical Device Reporting, or MDR, obligations, which require that we report to
the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or in which our products malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, it could likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury.
In the European Union, our CE marked products are subject to vigilance reporting.    The FDA and state authorities have broad enforcement
powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions:  

adverse publicity, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties;        

repair, replacement, recall or seizure of our products;        

operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production;        

delaying or refusing our requests for approval of new products, new intended uses or modifications to our existing products;        

refusal to grant export approval for our products;        

withdrawing product approvals that have already been granted; and        

criminal prosecution.      If any of these enforcement actions were to be taken by the government,
our business could be harmed.      If we materially modify our approved products, we may need to seek and obtain new approvals, which, if not granted,
would prevent us from selling our modified products.      A component of our strategy is to continue to modify and upgrade our steroid
releasing implants. Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are approved. We have received a number of PMA supplement approvals since the original approvals of PROPEL and PROPEL Mini. We may not be able to obtain
additional regulatory approvals for new products or for modifications to, or additional indications for, our existing products in a timely fashion, or at all. Delays in obtaining future approvals would adversely affect our ability to introduce new
or enhanced products in a timely manner, which in turn would harm our revenue and potential future profitability.      We may fail to obtain foreign
regulatory approvals to market our products in other countries.      We have only had limited sales outside the United States. Sales
of our steroid releasing implants outside the United States are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. In addition, the FDA regulates exports of medical devices from the United States. Complying with
international regulatory requirements can be an expensive and time-consuming process and approval is not certain. The time required to obtain approvals, if required by other countries, may be longer than that required for FDA approvals, and
requirements for such approvals may significantly differ from FDA requirements. In certain countries we may rely upon a third-party or third-party distributors to obtain all required regulatory approvals, and these distributors may be unable to
obtain or maintain such approvals. Our distributors in these countries may also incur significant costs in attempting to obtain and in maintaining foreign regulatory approvals or qualifications, which could increase the difficulty of attracting and
retaining qualified distributors. If these distributors experience delays in receiving necessary qualifications, clearances or approvals to market our products outside the United States, or if they fail to receive those qualifications, clearances or
approvals, we may be unable to market our products or enhancements in certain international markets effectively, or at all.    International
jurisdictions require separate regulatory approvals and compliance with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedures vary among countries and may involve requirements for additional testing, and the time required to obtain
approval may differ from country to country and from that required to obtain clearance or approval in the United States.    Approval in the
United States does not ensure approval or certification by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval or certification by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval or certification by regulatory
authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. The foreign regulatory approval or certification process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, some countries only approve or certify a product for a
certain period of  
      25  

Table of Contents  

time, and we are required to re-approve or re-certify our products in a timely manner prior to the expiration of our prior approval or certification. We may not obtain foreign regulatory
approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals or certifications and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. If we fail to receive necessary approvals or
certifications to commercialize our products in foreign jurisdictions on a timely basis, or at all, or if we fail to have our products re-approved or re-certified, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected.    These and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business, results of
operations and financial condition generally.      If we, our suppliers or service providers fail to comply with ongoing FDA or foreign regulatory
authority requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market.    
 Any product for which we obtain approval, and the manufacturing processes, reporting requirements, post-approval clinical data and promotional
activities for such product, will be subject to continued regulatory review, oversight and periodic inspections by the FDA and other domestic and foreign regulatory bodies. In particular, we and our third-party suppliers are required to comply with
the FDA s current good manufacturing practice. These FDA regulations cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage and shipping of our products.
Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA. If we, or our suppliers, fail to adhere to current good manufacturing practice requirements
in the United States, this could delay production of our products and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could, in
turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.    In addition, the FDA audits compliance with the
current good manufacturing practice through periodic announced and unannounced inspections of manufacturing and other facilities. The failure by us or one of our suppliers to comply with applicable statutes and regulations administered by the FDA,
or the failure to timely and adequately respond to any adverse inspectional observations or product safety issues, could result in any of the following enforcement actions:      

untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties;        

unanticipated expenditures to address or defend such actions;        

customer notifications or repair, replacement, refunds, recall, detention or seizure of our products;        

operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production;        

refusing or delaying our requests for regulatory approvals of new products or modified products;        

withdrawing PMA approvals that have already been granted;        

refusal to grant export approval for our products; or        

criminal prosecution.      Any of these sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, our key component suppliers may not currently be or may not continue to be in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements, which could result in our failure
to produce our products on a timely basis and in the required quantities, if at all.    If we expand our operations outside the United
States, our products and operations will be required to comply with standards set by foreign regulatory bodies, and those standards, types of evaluation and scope of review differ among foreign regulatory bodies. We intend to comply with the
standards enforced by such foreign regulatory bodies as needed to commercialize our products. If we fail to comply with any of these standards adequately, a foreign regulatory body may take adverse actions similar to those within the power of the
FDA. For example, in Europe, we are subject to a conformity assessment procedure under which a so-called Notified Body, an organization accredited by a member state of the European Economic Area, or EEA, which will audit and examine our quality
system for the manufacture, design, and release of our products and confirm adherence with applicable regulatory requirements. If we fail to maintain a CE mark in accordance with these requirements, we would be precluded from selling our products in
the EEA. Any such action or circumstance may harm our reputation and business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
   Our products may in the future be subject to product recalls. A recall of our products, either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another
governmental authority, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products, could have a significant adverse impact on us.    
 The FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of
material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. In the case of the FDA, the authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is reasonable probability that the device would cause serious injury or death. In
addition, foreign  
      26  

Table of Contents  

governmental bodies have the authority to require the recall of our products in their respective jurisdictions in the event of material deficiencies or defects in the design or manufacture of our
products. We may, under our own initiative, recall a product if any material deficiency in our steroid releasing implants is found. The FDA requires that recalls be reported to the FDA within 10 working days after the recall is initiated. A
government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our international distributors could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other
deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition, which could impair our ability to produce our
products in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet our customers  demands. We may also be subject to liability claims, be required to bear other costs, or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our future sales and
our ability to generate profits. Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the FDA. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future that we determine do not require
notification of the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, they could require us to report those actions as recalls. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition, the
FDA could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted.      If the third parties on which we rely to conduct our
clinical trials do not perform as contractually required or expected, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our products.    
 We often must rely on third parties, such as medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct our clinical
trials and provide data or prepare deliverables for our PMA or NDA submissions. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, if these third parties need to be
replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or
terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, our products on a timely basis, if at all, and our business, operating results and prospects may be adversely affected. Furthermore, our third-party
clinical trial investigators may be delayed in conducting our clinical trials for reasons outside of their control.      We may be subject to
enforcement action if we engage in improper marketing or promotion of our products.      Our promotional materials and training
methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition of the promotion of unapproved, or off-label, use. Physicians may use our products off-label, as the FDA does not restrict or regulate a
physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines that our promotional materials or training constitutes promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional
materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement
authorities might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false
claims for reimbursement. In that event, our reputation could be damaged and adoption of the products could be impaired. Although our policy is to refrain from statements that could be considered off-label promotion of our products, the FDA or
another regulatory agency could disagree and conclude that we have engaged in off-label promotion. In addition, the off-label use of our products may increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims are expensive to defend and
could divert our management s attention, result in substantial damage awards against us, and harm our reputation.      If we fail to comply with
U.S. federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, we could be subject to penalties, including, but not limited to, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare
programs, and the curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely impact our reputation and business operations.    
 There are numerous U.S. federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, including, but not limited to, anti-kickback laws, false claims laws,
privacy laws, and transparency laws. Our relationships with healthcare providers and entities, including but not limited to, physicians, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, group purchasing organizations and our international distributors are
subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of these laws can subject us to penalties, including, but not limited to, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in
federal and state healthcare programs, including the Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs, and the curtailment of our operations. Healthcare fraud and abuse regulations are complex, and even minor irregularities can
potentially give rise to claims that a statute or prohibition has been violated. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to:      

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in
kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare
programs such as Medicare and Medicaid;    
      27  

Table of Contents  

the federal civil False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party
payors that are false or fraudulent; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the government; or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or
used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;        

the federal criminal False Claims Act, which imposes criminal fines or imprisonment against individuals or entities who make or present a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious or fraudulent;

the civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented, a claim to a federal healthcare program that
the person knows, or should know, is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent;        

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making
false statements relating to healthcare matters;        

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare
providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their business associates that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually
identifiable health information without appropriate authorization, including mandatory contractual terms as well as directly applicable privacy and security standards and requirements;    

the Federal Trade Commission Act and similar laws regulating advertisement and consumer protections;        

the federal Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1997, which prohibits corrupt payments, gifts or transfers of value to foreign officials; and    

foreign or U.S. state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial
insurers.      Further, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, or, collectively, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amends the intent requirements of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and certain criminal statutes governing healthcare fraud. A person or entity can now be
found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a
violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. Moreover, while we do not submit claims and our customers make the ultimate decision on how to submit claims, from
time-to-time, we may provide reimbursement guidance to our customers. If a government authority were to conclude that we provided improper advice to our customers or encouraged the submission of false claims for reimbursement, we could face action
against us by government authorities. Any violations of these laws, or any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of
operations and financial condition.    We have entered into consulting agreements with physicians, including some who influence the ordering
of and use our products in procedures they perform. While we believe these transactions were structured to comply with all applicable laws, including state and federal anti-kickback laws, to the extent applicable, regulatory agencies may view these
transactions as prohibited arrangements that must be restructured, or discontinued, or for which we could be subject to other significant penalties. We could be adversely affected if regulatory agencies interpret our financial relationships with ENT
physicians who influence the ordering of and use our products to be in violation of applicable laws. This could subject us to the penalties described above.  
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available under such laws, it
is possible that some of our business activities, including our relationships with healthcare providers and entities, including, but not limited to, physicians, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, group purchasing organizations and our
independent distributors and certain sales and marketing practices, including the provision of certain items and services to our customers, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws.  
 To enforce compliance with the healthcare regulatory laws, federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of
interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Responding to investigations can be time and resource consuming
and can divert management s attention from the business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations, healthcare providers and entities may have to agree to additional onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent
decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business.  
 In certain cases, federal and state authorities pursue actions for false claims on the basis that manufacturers and distributors are promoting
off-label uses of their products. Pursuant to FDA regulations, we can only market our products for cleared or approved uses. Although physicians are permitted to use medical devices for indications other than those cleared or approved by the FDA in
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

their professional medical judgment, we are prohibited from promoting products for off-label uses. We market our products and provide promotional materials and training programs to physicians
regarding the use of our products. If it is determined that our business activities, including our marketing, promotional materials or training programs constitute promotion of unapproved uses, we could be subject to significant fines in addition to
regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure and criminal penalty.    In addition, there
has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities. The Physician Payment Sunshine Act that imposes new annual reporting requirements on device
manufacturers for payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer s
failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of $150,000 per year, and up to an
aggregate of $1.0 million per year for  knowing failures.  Manufacturers are required to report to CMS the detailed payment and transfers of value data and submit legal attestation to the accuracy of such data by the 90th day of each
calendar year. Due to the difficulty in complying with the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, we cannot assure you that we will successfully report all payments and transfers of value provided by us, and any failure to comply could result in
significant fines and penalties. Some states, such as California and Connecticut, also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, and other states, such as Massachusetts and Vermont, impose restrictions on device manufacturer
marketing practices and tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to
comply with different compliance and reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements.  
 Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely
eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business.  
 Most of these laws apply to not only the actions taken by us, but also to actions taken by our distributors. We have limited knowledge and
control over the business practices of our distributors, and we may face regulatory action against us as a result of their actions which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
   In addition, the scope and enforcement of these laws are uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare
reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal or state regulatory authorities might challenge our current or future activities under these laws. Any such challenge could have a material adverse effect on
our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Any state or federal regulatory review of us, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. Additionally, we cannot predict the impact of any changes in these
laws, whether or not retroactive.      Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory
approval of our products and to produce, market and distribute our products after approval is obtained.      FDA regulations and
guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review
times of our products. Delays in receipt of, or failure to receive, regulatory approvals for our new products would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
 Federal and state governments in the United States have recently enacted legislation to overhaul the nation s healthcare system. While
the goal of healthcare reform is to expand coverage to more individuals, it also involves increased government price controls, additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs. The Affordable Care Act
significantly impacts the medical device industry. Among other things, the Affordable Care Act:      

imposes an annual excise tax of 2.3% on any entity that manufactures or imports medical devices offered for sale in the United States beginning in 2013;    

establishes a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee and identify priorities in comparative clinical effectiveness research in an effort to coordinate and develop such research;    

implements payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians and other providers to improve the coordination, quality and efficiency of certain healthcare
services through bundled payment models; and        

creates an independent payment advisory board that will submit recommendations to reduce Medicare spending if projected Medicare spending exceeds a specified growth rate.    
 The medical device excise tax was recently suspended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 (the  CAA ) for calendar years
2016 and 2017. Absent further congressional action the excise tax will be reinstated for medical device sales beginning January 1, 2018. The CAA also temporarily delays implementation of other taxes intended to help fund Affordable Care Act
programs. Further, there have been judicial and congressional challenges to other aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the Affordable Care Act in the future. 
      29  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care
Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions.
The Joint Select Committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes reductions to
Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, following passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, will stay in effect through 2025, unless additional congressional action is taken. On
January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers and
increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could
limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure.  
   Our financial performance may be adversely affected by medical device tax provisions in the healthcare reform laws.    
 The Affordable Care Act imposes, among other things, an excise tax of 2.3% on any entity that manufactures or imports specified medical
devices offered for sale in the United States beginning in 2013. Under these provisions, the Congressional Research Service predicts that the total cost to the medical device industry may be up to $29 billion over the next decade. The Internal
Revenue Service issued final regulations implementing the tax in December of 2012 which requires, among other things, bi-monthly payments and quarterly reporting. Sales of our products in the United States have been subject to this 2.3% excise tax.
During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $1.1 million and $0.7 million, respectively, in tax expense associated with the medical device tax in the United States which is included in selling, general and
administrative expenses. The excise tax has been suspended for calendar years 2016 and 2017, and under current law will be reinstated for calendar year 2018. We cannot predict whether this tax will be reinstated or what effect the excise tax may
have on our financial performance in future years if the tax is reinstated as planned.      Our operations involve the use of hazardous and toxic
materials, and we must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive, and may affect our business and operating results.    
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local regulations relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to
hazardous materials. Liability under environmental laws can be joint and several, and without regard to comparative fault, and environmental laws could become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and
penalties associated with violations, which could harm our business. Although we believe that our activities conform in all material respects with environmental laws, there can be no assurance that violations of environmental and health and safety
laws will not occur in the future as a result of human error, accident, equipment failure or other causes. The failure to comply with past, present or future laws could result in the imposition of fines, third-party property damage and personal
injury claims, investigation and remediation costs, the suspension of production, or a cessation of operations. We also expect that our operations will be affected by other new environmental and health and safety laws on an ongoing basis. Although
we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any such new laws, they will likely result in additional costs, and may require us to change how we manufacture our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
   Failure to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar laws associated with any activities outside the United
States could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.      We are subject to the FCPA and other anti-bribery
legislation around the world. The FCPA generally prohibits covered entities and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments, offers or promises to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business or other advantages. In addition, the FCPA imposes recordkeeping and internal controls requirements on publicly traded corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to, among other things, prevent the diversion of corporate
funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and to prevent the establishment of  off books  slush funds from which such improper payments can be made. Although we do not currently have any operations outside the United
States, in the future we may face significant risks if we fail to comply with the FCPA and other laws that prohibit improper payments, offers or promises of payment to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by us and other
business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other advantages. In many foreign countries, particularly in countries with developing economies, some of which represent significant markets for us, it may be a local custom
that businesses operating in such countries engage in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other laws and regulations. Although we have implemented a company policy requiring our employees and consultants to comply with the FCPA and
similar laws, such policy may not be effective at preventing all potential FCPA or other violations. There can be no assurance that none of our employees and agents, or those companies to which we outsource certain portions of our business
operations will not take actions that violate our policies or applicable laws, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As a result of our focus on managing our growth, our development  
      30  

Table of Contents  

of infrastructure designed to identify FCPA matters and monitor compliance is at an early stage. Any violation of the FCPA and related policies could result in severe criminal or civil sanctions,
which could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.     Risks Relating to Intellectual
Property Matters       Intellectual property rights may not provide adequate protection, which may permit third parties to compete against us more
effectively.      Our success depends significantly on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies and
inventions used in, or embodied by, our products. To protect our proprietary technology, we rely on patent protection, as well as a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, as well as nondisclosure, confidentiality and other
contractual restrictions in our consulting and employment agreements. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage.  
  Patents     The process of applying for
patent protection itself is time consuming and expensive and we cannot assure you that all of our patent applications will issue as patents or that, if issued, they will issue in a form that will be advantageous to us. The rights granted to us under
our patents, including prospective rights sought in our pending patent applications, may not be meaningful or provide us with any commercial advantage and they could be opposed, contested or circumvented by our competitors or be declared invalid or
unenforceable in judicial or administrative proceedings.    We own numerous issued patents and pending patent applications that relate to
the sinus delivery of sustained release therapeutics, sinus delivery of implants, implant designs, as well as individual components of our steroid releasing systems. The API contained in our steroid releasing implants is generic and is not the
subject of independent patent protection. If any of our patents are challenged, invalidated or legally circumvented by third parties, and if we do not own other enforceable patents protecting our products, competitors could market products and use
processes that are substantially similar to, or superior to, ours, and our business may suffer. In addition, the patents we own may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage, and
competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products that provide outcomes comparable to ours without infringing on our intellectual property rights.  
 Recent patent reform legislation may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the
enforcement or defense of our issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These
include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation, and switch the U.S. patent system from a  first-to-invent  system to a  first-to-file  system. Under a
 first-to-file  system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the
invention earlier. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith
Act, and in particular, the first-to-file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and
its implementation may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition. In addition, patent reform legislation may pass in the future that may lead to additional uncertainties and increased costs surrounding the prosecution, enforcement, and defense of our patents and applications. 
 We may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation,
reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review, or other patent office proceedings or litigation, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging our patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation may
reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without
infringing third-party patent rights.    Moreover, the USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a
number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees on issued patents often must be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies over the lifetime
of the patent. While an unintentional lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent
or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to
respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our products or procedures, we may not
be able to stop a competitor from marketing products that are the same as or similar to our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  Competing products may also be sold in other countries in which our patent coverage might not
exist or be as strong. We do not have patent rights in certain foreign countries in which a market may exist in the future, and the laws of many foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States. Thus, we may not be able to stop a competitor from marketing and selling in foreign countries products that are the same as or similar to our products.  
  Trademarks     We rely on our trademarks as
one means to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. Our trademark applications may not be approved, however. Third parties may oppose our trademark
applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we may be forced to rebrand our products, which may result in loss of brand recognition and may require us to devote
resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Our competitors may infringe our trademarks and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks.  
  Trade Secrets and Know-How     We may not be
able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade secrets by consultants, vendors, former employees or current employees, despite the existence generally of confidentiality agreements and other contractual
restrictions. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures of our intellectual property is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be effective.  
 Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Competitors could purchase our steroid
releasing implants and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own
competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. If our intellectual property is not adequately protected so as to protect our market against competitors  products and methods, our competitive position may be
adversely affected, as may our business.      We may in the future be a party to patent and other intellectual property litigation and administrative
proceedings that may be costly and may interfere with our ability to sell our steroid releasing implants.      The medical device
industry has been characterized by frequent and extensive intellectual property litigation. Additionally, the ENT market is extremely competitive. Our competitors, such as Medtronic, Olympus, Johnson   Johnson, Stryker, Smith   Nephew and
Entellus, or other patent holders may assert that our steroid releasing implants and the methods employed in our steroid releasing implants are covered by their patents. If our steroid releasing implants or methods are found to infringe, we may be
prevented from manufacturing or marketing our steroid releasing implants. In the event that we become involved in such a dispute, we may incur significant costs and expenses, may be prevented from marketing our products and may need to devote
resources to resolving any claims, which would reduce the cash we have available for operations and may be distracting to management. If we lose a patent lawsuit, alleging our infringement of a competitor s patents, we may be prevented from
marketing our steroid releasing implants in one or more countries. We may also initiate litigation against third parties to protect our own intellectual property. Our intellectual property has not been tested in litigation. If we initiate litigation
to protect our rights, we run the risk of having our patents invalidated, which may undermine our competitive position.    Litigation
related to infringement and other intellectual property claims, with or without merit, is unpredictable, may be expensive and time-consuming and may divert management s attention from our core business. If we lose this kind of litigation, a
court may require us to pay substantial damages, treble damages and attorneys  fees, and prohibit us from using technologies essential to our steroid releasing implants, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. If relevant patents are upheld as valid and enforceable and we are found to infringe, we may be prevented from selling our steroid releasing implants unless we can obtain licenses to use technology covered by
such patents. We do not know whether any necessary licenses would be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. If we cannot obtain these licenses, we may be forced to design around those patents at additional cost or abandon our products
altogether. As a result, our ability to grow our business and compete in the market may be harmed.      We may be subject to damages resulting from
claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our competitors or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors.    
 Many of our employees were previously employed at other medical device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors, in some
cases until recently. We may in the future be subject to claims that we or our employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of these former employers or competitors. In addition,
we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that we caused an employee to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful
in defending against these claims, litigation may result in substantial costs and may be a distraction to management. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages, a court may prohibit us from using technologies or
features that are essential to our products, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other  
      32  

Table of Contents  

proprietary information of the former employers. An inability to incorporate technologies or features that are important or essential to our products may have a material adverse effect on our
business, and may prevent us from selling our products. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent
sales representatives. A loss of key personnel or their work product may hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
  Risks Relating to Our Capital Requirements and Finances   
   We may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce, eliminate or abandon
our commercialization efforts or product development programs.      Our ability to continue as a going concern may require us to
obtain additional financing to fund our operations. We may need to raise substantial additional capital to:      

expand the commercialization of our products;        

fund our operations and clinical studies;        

continue our research and development activities;        

defend, in litigation or otherwise, any claims that we infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights;        

enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights;        

address legal or enforcement actions by the FDA or other governmental agencies and remediate underlying problems;        

commercialize our new products in development, if any such products receive regulatory clearance or approval for commercial sale; and    

acquire companies and in-license products or intellectual property.      We believe that our
existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, including the proceeds from our initial public offering of our common stock in July 2014, follow-on offering in June 2015, revenue and available debt financing arrangements will be
sufficient to meet our capital requirements and fund our operations at least through the next twelve months. However, we have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available financial resources much
faster than we currently expect. Any future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:      

market acceptance of our products;        

the scope, rate of progress and cost of our clinical studies;        

the cost of our research and development activities;        

the cost of filing and prosecuting patent applications and defending and enforcing our patent or other intellectual property rights;    

the cost of defending, in litigation or otherwise, any claims that we infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights;    

the cost and timing of additional regulatory clearances or approvals;        

the cost and timing of establishing additional sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;        

costs associated with any product recall that may occur;        

the effect of competing technological and market developments;        

the extent to which we acquire or invest in products, technologies and businesses, although we currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions; and    

the costs of operating as a public company.      If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter may impose upon us covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends,
repurchase our stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we
raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable
to raise adequate funds, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets, or delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs.  
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not have, or are not able to obtain,
sufficient funds, we may have to delay development or commercialization of our products or license to third parties the rights  
      33  

Table of Contents  

to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise seek to commercialize. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products or cease
operations. Any of these factors could harm our operating results.      Our ability to use our net operating losses and research and development credit
carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.      In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50% change by value in its equity ownership over a three-year period, is subject to
limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, and its research and development credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs and research and development credit carryforwards may be
subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs and research and development credit carryforwards could be further limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Future
changes in our stock ownership, some of which might be beyond our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. For these reasons, in the event we experience a change of control, we may not be able to utilize
a material portion of the NOLs and research and development credit carryforwards, even if we attain profitability.     Risks Related to Our Common Stock
      An active trading market may not be sustained.    
 Prior to our IPO in July 2014, there was no public market for our common stock. Although our stock is currently traded on the NASDAQ Global
Market, an active trading market may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may impair the value of your shares and your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them. An inactive market may also impair our ability to both
raise capital by selling shares and acquire other complementary products, technologies or businesses by using our shares as consideration.      We
expect that the price of our common stock will fluctuate substantially.      The market price of our common stock has been, and is
likely to continue to be, highly volatile. From our IPO in July 2014 through October 31, 2016, the price of our common stock has fluctuated from a low of $11.88 to a high of $32.85. The price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate
substantially due to many factors, including:      

volume and timing of sales of our steroid releasing implants;        

the introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry;        

disputes or other developments with respect to our or others  intellectual property rights;        

our ability to develop, obtain regulatory clearance or approval for, and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis;        

product liability claims or other litigation;        

quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of others in our industry;        

sales of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers and directors;        

media exposure of our steroid releasing implants or products of others in our industry;        

changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications;        

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; and        

general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.    
 In recent years, the stock markets generally have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may significantly affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more
pronounced in the trading market for our common stock.    In addition, in the past, class action litigation has often been instituted
against companies whose securities have experienced periods of volatility in market price. Securities litigation brought against us following volatility in our stock price, regardless of the merit or ultimate results of such litigation, could result
in substantial costs, which would hurt our financial condition and operating results and divert management s attention and resources from our business.  
 These and other factors may make the price of our stock volatile and subject to unexpected fluctuation.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Securities analysts may not publish favorable research or reports about our business or may publish no
information at all, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.      The trading market for our common stock will
be influenced to some extent by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control these analysts. As a newly public company, we may be slow to attract research coverage and the analysts
who publish information about our common stock will have had relatively little experience with our company or industry, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and could make it more likely that we fail to meet their
estimates. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us provide inaccurate or unfavorable research or issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price could decline. If one or
more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports covering us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.  
   A significant portion of our total outstanding shares are owned by our pre-IPO investors and could be sold into the market in the near future. This
could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well.      Sales of a
significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a significant number of shares intend to sell their shares, could result in a decrease in
the market price of our common stock. Moreover, holders of a significant number of shares of our common stock, including shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us
to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We have also registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity
compensation plans. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates.      If
we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations which may adversely affect
investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.      We are required, under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and our auditors are required to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls. This resulted in increased
compliance fees. Our management assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual and interim financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis.  
 Though we have enhanced our internal controls, processes and related documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with
Section 404, future evaluations and tests may reveal material weaknesses. If during the evaluation and testing process, we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert
that our internal controls are effective. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may be limited by a variety of factors, including:      

faulty human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes;        

fraudulent action of an individual or collusion of two or more people;        

inappropriate management override of procedures; and        

the possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial control.    
 If we are unable to confirm that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an
opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.  
   Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.    
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We designed our
disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met.    These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of
the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more
difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.      Provisions in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In
addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Because our board of
directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others, these provisions include that:  

our board of directors has the right to expand the size of our board of directors and to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a
director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;        

our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special stockholders  meetings; as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions other
than at annual stockholders  meetings or special stockholders  meetings called by the board of directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the president;    

our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;    

the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, will be required (a) to amend certain provisions of our
certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent and cumulative voting and (b) to amend or repeal our bylaws, although our bylaws may be
amended by a simple majority vote of our board of directors;        

stockholders must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting,
which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and    

our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock; the ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred
stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.      Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with
us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.  
    ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
 None.       ITEM 3.
DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES     None.  
    ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
 Not Applicable.  
    ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   
 None.       ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS     See the Exhibit Index following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or
furnished with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

Dated: November 3, 2016 

Intersect ENT, Inc.  
 (Registrant)   

/s/ Lisa D. Earnhardt   

Lisa D. Earnhardt  

President and Chief Executive Officer   (Duly
Authorized Officer)   

/s/ Jeryl L. Hilleman   

Jeryl L. Hilleman  

Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer)   
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

* 
 Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to
the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibit be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically
stated in such filing.    
      38  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d249667dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Lisa
D. Earnhardt, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Intersect ENT, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

November 3, 2016  

/s/ Lisa D. Earnhardt   
 
 Lisa D. Earnhardt  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d249667dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Jeryl
L. Hilleman, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Intersect ENT, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

November 3, 2016  

/s/ Jeryl L. Hilleman   
 
 Jeryl L. Hilleman  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d249667dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Lisa D. Earnhardt, President and Chief Executive Officer of Intersect ENT, Inc. (the  Company ) and Jeryl L. Hilleman, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, each hereby certify that, to the best of her knowledge:    1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

November 3, 2016  

/s/ Lisa D. Earnhardt   
 
 Lisa D. Earnhardt  
 
   President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ Jeryl L. Hilleman   
 
 Jeryl L. Hilleman  
 
   Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Accounting
and Financial Officer)   
    A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   
  This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 xent-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 xent-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 xent-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 xent-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 xent-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 xent-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

