<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1585389_0001193125-16-767620_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6069372</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199012</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>427289</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>973313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2725473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1543433</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767620.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767620
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585389
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				461722812
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55617
		FILM NUMBER:		161993937

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-327-3485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767620.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d261109d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission File Number: 000-55617        
       Strategic
Storage Trust II, Inc.      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland  
   
  46-1722812   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (IRS Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    10 Terrace Rd,   
  Ladera Ranch, California 92694   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (877) 327-3485   
  (Registrant s telephone number)   
  N/A      (Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one)      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of November 7, 2016, there were 44,132,395
outstanding shares of Class A common stock and 5,533,643 outstanding shares of Class T common stock of the registrant.      

Table of Contents  

   FORM 10-Q   
  STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC.   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page   No.  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

3 

PART I.  
   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
   
    Consolidated Financial Statements:   

4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
 31, 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

7 

Consolidated Statement of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
 (unaudited)   

8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

10 

Item 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations   

33 

Item 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

48 

Item 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

49 

PART II.   
   
     OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

49 

Item 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

49 

Item 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

50 

Item 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

50 

Item 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

50 

Item 5.  
   
    Other Information   

51 

Item 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

51 

2  

Table of Contents  

     CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Certain statements contained in this Form 10-Q of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., other than historical facts, may be considered
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We
intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such
statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as
 may,   will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   seek,   continue,  or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q, and
we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  
 Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors and are based on a number of assumptions involving
judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, and market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. To the extent that our assumptions differ from actual results, our ability to meet
such forward-looking statements, including our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations and provide distributions to stockholders, and our ability to find suitable investment properties, may be significantly hindered. See the risk
factors identified in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as supplemented by the risk factors included in Part II,
Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, for a discussion of some, although not all, of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)       The information furnished in the
accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring adjustments) that are, in management s
opinion, necessary for a fair and consistent presentation of the aforementioned financial statements.    The accompanying financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to our financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this report on Form 10-Q. The accompanying financial
statements should also be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results expected for
the full year.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      8  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      9  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016      Note 1.
Organization     Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), was formed on January 8, 2013
under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in self storage facilities. The Company s year-end is December 31. As used in this report,  we,   us,   our, 
and  Company  refer to Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries.    Strategic Storage Holdings, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ( SSH ), was the sponsor of our Offering (as defined below) through August 31, 2014. Effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. ( SmartStop ), entered into a series of
transactions, agreements and amendments to its existing agreements and arrangements (such agreements and amendments hereinafter referred to collectively as the  Self Administration and Investment Management Transaction ) with SSH and its
affiliates, pursuant to which, effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop acquired the self storage advisory, asset management, property management and investment management businesses of SSH. SmartStop also acquired SSH s sole membership
interest in SmartStop Asset Management, LLC (formerly Strategic Storage Realty Group, LLC), which owns 97.5% of the economic interests (and 100% of the voting membership interests) of Strategic Storage Advisor II, LLC (our  Advisor ) and
owns 100% of Strategic Storage Property Management II, LLC (our  Property Manager ).    On October 1, 2015, SmartStop and
Extra Space Storage Inc. ( Extra Space ), along with subsidiaries of each of SmartStop and Extra Space, closed on a merger transaction (the  Merger ) in which SmartStop was acquired by Extra Space for $13.75 per share in cash,
representing an enterprise value of approximately $1.4 billion. At the closing of the Merger, SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, the owner of our Property Manager and majority and sole voting member of our Advisor, was sold to an entity controlled by
H. Michael Schwartz, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President, and became our sponsor (our  Sponsor ). The former executive management team of SmartStop continues to serve as the executive management
team for our Sponsor. In addition, our management team remains the same, as well as the management team of our Advisor and Property Manager.  
 We have no employees. Our Advisor, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on January 8, 2013. Our Advisor is responsible for
managing our affairs on a day-to-day basis and identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf under the terms of the advisory agreement we have with our Advisor (our  Advisory Agreement ). The officers of our Advisor are
also officers of us and our Sponsor.    On August 2, 2013, our Advisor purchased 100 shares of our common stock for $1,000 and became
our initial stockholder. Our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended, authorizes 350,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ) and 350,000,000 shares of Class T common stock,
$0.001 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ) and 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001. We are offering a maximum of $1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the  Primary Offering )
and $95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the  Offering ).    On
January 10, 2014, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) declared our registration statement effective. On May 23, 2014, we satisfied the $1.5 million minimum offering requirements of our Offering and commenced formal
operations. On September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now offering two classes of shares of common stock: Class A Shares and Class T Shares. As of September 30, 2016, we had issued approximately 42 million
Class A Shares and approximately 5 million Class T Shares in our Offering for gross proceeds of approximately $427 million and approximately $49 million, respectively. We intend to invest the net proceeds from the Offering
primarily in self storage facilities and related self storage real estate investments. As of September 30, 2016 we owned 66 properties.  
 On April 8, 2016, our board of directors, upon recommendation of its nominating and corporate governance committee, approved an estimated
value per share of our common stock of $10.09 for our Class A Shares and Class T Shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on a
fully diluted basis, calculated as of December 31, 2015. See our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2016 for a description of the methodologies and assumptions used to determine, and the limitations of, the
estimated value per share.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  As a result of the calculation of our estimated value per share, effective on April 14,
2016, the offering price of Class A Shares increased from $10.00 per share to $11.21 per share and the offering price of Class T Shares increased from $9.47 per share to $10.62 per share. Our board of directors determined the new per share
offering price of each class of stock by taking the $10.09 estimated value per share and adding the per share up-front sales commissions and dealer manager fees to be paid with respect to the Class A Shares and Class T Shares, respectively,
such that after the payment of such commissions and dealer manager fees, the net proceeds to us will be the same for both Class A Shares and Class T Shares. In addition, effective April 21, 2016, shares sold pursuant to our distribution
reinvestment plan are sold at $10.09 per share for Class A and Class T Shares.    Our operating partnership, Strategic Storage
Operating Partnership II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (our  Operating Partnership ), was formed on January 9, 2013. During 2013, our Advisor purchased limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership for $200,000
and on August 2, 2013, we contributed the initial $1,000 capital contribution we received to our Operating Partnership in exchange for the general partner interest. Our Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly through one or more
special purpose entities, all of the self storage properties that we have acquired and the self storage properties we will acquire in the future. As of September 30, 2016, we owned approximately 99.96% of the common units of limited partnership
interests of our Operating Partnership. The remaining approximately 0.04% of the common units are owned by our Advisor. Our Operating Partnership had issued approximately 2.4 million Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units (the
 Preferred Units ) to SSTI Preferred Investor, LLC (the  Preferred Investor ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P., the former operating partnership of SmartStop, in exchange for an
investment in our Operating Partnership of approximately $59.5 million. Such Preferred Units were owned by Extra Space subsequent to the Merger. As of December 31, 2015, we had redeemed all of the Preferred Units. As the sole general
partner of our Operating Partnership, we have the exclusive power to manage and conduct the business of our Operating Partnership. We conduct certain activities through our taxable REIT subsidiary, Strategic Storage TRS II, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the  TRS ), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership.    Our Property Manager was formed on
January 8, 2013 to manage our properties. Our Property Manager derives substantially all of its income from the property management services it performs for us. Our Property Manager may enter into sub-property management agreements with third
party management companies and pay part of its management fee to such sub-property manager. At the closing of the Merger, we entered into new property management agreements with our Property Manager and our Property Manager entered into sub-property
management agreements with an affiliate of Extra Space for the management of our properties in the United States. Furthermore, Extra Space acquired the rights to the  SmartStop    Self
Storage  brand in the United States through the Merger and we can no longer utilize this brand in the United States. The properties we own were re-branded under the Extra Space name subsequent to the Merger. However, any properties owned or
acquired in Canada will be managed by a subsidiary of our Sponsor and will continue to be branded using the SmartStop    Self Storage brand.  
 Our dealer manager is Select Capital Corporation, a California corporation (our  Dealer Manager ). Our Dealer Manager is responsible
for marketing our shares being offered pursuant to our Primary Offering. Our president owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager through August 31, 2014. Effective
August 31, 2014, SmartStop indirectly owned the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager, pursuant to the Self Administration and Investment Management Transaction. Effective October 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, the
15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager is now owned by our Sponsor. An affiliate of our Dealer Manager continues to own a 2.5% non-voting membership interest in our Advisor.  
 As we accept subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transfer substantially all of the net offering proceeds to our Operating
Partnership as capital contributions in exchange for additional units of interest in our Operating Partnership. However, we are deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of gross proceeds received from investors, and our Operating
Partnership is deemed to have simultaneously paid the sales commissions and other costs associated with the Offering. In addition, our Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with respect to limited partnership units that are
equivalent to the distributions made to holders of common stock. Finally, a limited partner in our Operating Partnership may later exchange his or her limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership for shares of our common stock at any time
after one year following the date of issuance of their limited partnership units, subject to certain restrictions outlined in our Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement (the  Operating Partnership Agreement ). Our
Advisor is prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as it is acting as our Advisor pursuant to our Advisory Agreement.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
   Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
   Basis of Presentation    
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC.  
   Principles of Consolidation    
 Our financial statements, and the financial statements of our Operating Partnership, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are consolidated
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The portion of these entities not wholly-owned by us is presented as noncontrolling interests. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
   Consolidation Considerations    
 Current accounting guidance provides a framework for identifying a variable interest entity ( VIE ) and determining when a company
should include the assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements. In general, a VIE is an entity or other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets that
either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated financial support, (2) has a group of equity owners that are unable to make significant decisions about its activities,
or (3) has a group of equity owners that do not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations. Generally, a VIE should be consolidated if a party with an ownership, contractual, or other
financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest holder) has the power to direct the VIE s most significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. Upon consolidation, the primary beneficiary generally must initially record all of the VIE s assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interest at fair value
and subsequently account for the VIE as if it were consolidated based on majority voting interest. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had not entered into contracts/interests that would be deemed to be variable interests in
VIEs.      Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions. Management will adjust such estimates
when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The most significant estimates made include the allocation of property purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at fair value, the determination if certain entities should be consolidated, the evaluation of potential impairment of long-lived assets, and the useful lives of real estate assets and intangibles.  
   Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 We consider all short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to cash with a maturity of three months or less at the time
of purchase to be cash equivalents.    We may maintain cash equivalents in financial institutions in excess of insured limits, but believe
this risk will be mitigated by only investing in or through major financial institutions.      Restricted Cash    
 Restricted cash consists primarily of impound reserve accounts for property taxes, insurance and capital improvements in connection with the
requirements of our loan agreements.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Real Estate Purchase Price Allocation    
 We account for acquisitions in accordance with amended accounting guidance which requires that we allocate the purchase price of the property
to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. This guidance requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the acquisition date and to
adjust those estimates as necessary during the measurement period (defined as the period, not to exceed one year, in which we may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for an acquisition). Acquisitions of portfolios of facilities are allocated
to the individual facilities based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual facility along with current and
projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. Allocations to the individual assets and liabilities are based upon comparable market sales information for land and estimates of depreciated replacement cost of
equipment, building and site improvements. In allocating the purchase price, we determine whether the acquisition includes intangible assets or liabilities. Substantially all of the leases in place at acquired properties are at market rates, as the
majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts. We also consider whether in-place, market leases represent an intangible asset. We preliminarily recorded approximately $17.0 million and recorded approximately $7.9 million in intangible assets
to recognize the value of in-place leases related to our acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We do not expect, nor to date have we recorded, intangible assets for the value of customer
relationships because we expect we will not have concentrations of significant customers and the average customer turnover will be fairly frequent. Our acquisition-related transaction costs are required to be expensed as incurred. During the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we expensed approximately $1.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of acquisition-related transaction costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed approximately
$11.8 million and $3.1 million of acquisition-related transaction costs, respectively.    Should the initial accounting for an acquisition
be incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period, we will report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we will adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the
acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date and we will record those
adjustments to our financial statements. We will recognize any measurement adjustments during the period in which we determine the amount of the adjustment to our financial statements, potentially including adjustments to interest, depreciation and
amortization expense.      Evaluation of Possible Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    
 Management will continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets
may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment are present that indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable, we will assess the recoverability of the assets by determining whether the carrying value of
the long-lived assets will be recovered through the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying
value, we will adjust the value of the long-lived assets to the fair value and recognize an impairment loss. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no impairment losses were recognized.  
   Revenue Recognition    
 Management believes that all of our leases are operating leases. Rental income is recognized in accordance with the terms of the leases, which
generally are month-to-month. Revenues from any long-term operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The excess of rents received over amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases is included
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and contractually due but unpaid rent is included in other assets.  
   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    
 Tenant accounts receivable is reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Management s estimate of the allowance is based upon a
review of the current status of tenant accounts receivable. It is reasonably possible that management s estimate of the allowance will change in the future.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Real Estate Facilities    
 Real estate facilities are recorded at cost. We capitalize costs incurred to develop, construct, renovate and improve properties, including
interest and property taxes incurred during the construction period. The construction period begins when expenditures for the real estate assets have been made and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are in
progress. The construction period ends when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use.      Depreciation of
Real Property Assets      Our management is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our depreciable assets.
We consider the period of future benefit of the asset to determine the appropriate useful lives.    Depreciation of our real property assets
is charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives as follows:      

Description   
    
  Standard Depreciable Life   

Land  
    
 Not Depreciated  
 
   Buildings  
    
 30-35 years  
 
   Site Improvements  
    
 7-10 years  
     Depreciation of Personal Property Assets    
 Personal property assets consist primarily of furniture, fixtures and equipment and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives generally ranging from 3 to 5 years, and are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.      Intangible
Assets      We have allocated a portion of our real estate purchase price to in-place leases. We are amortizing in-place leases on a
straight-line basis over the estimated future benefit period. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the gross amounts allocated to in-place lease intangibles were approximately $26.4 million and $9.2 million, respectively, and
accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately $13.6 million and $5.3 million, respectively.      Debt
Issuance Costs      Costs incurred in connection with our revolving credit facility are presented as debt issuance costs on our
consolidated balance sheets. Debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related loan, which is not materially different than the effective interest method. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility totaled approximately $0.5 million and $50,000, respectively.  
 Costs incurred in connection with obtaining non revolving debt are presented on the balance sheet as a deduction from secured debt (see Note
5). Debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related loan, which is not materially different than the effective interest method. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, accumulated
amortization of debt issuance costs related to non revolving debt totaled approximately $1.5 million and $30,000, respectively.  
   Organizational and Offering Costs    
 Our Advisor may fund organization and offering costs on our behalf. We will be required to reimburse our Advisor for such organization and
offering costs; provided, however, our Advisor must reimburse us within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer
manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross offering proceeds from the Primary Offering. Such costs will be recognized as a liability when we have a present responsibility to reimburse our Advisor, which is defined in
our Advisory Agreement as the date we satisfied the minimum offering requirements of our Offering (which occurred on May 23, 2014). If at any point in time we determine that the total organization and offering costs are expected to exceed 3.5%
of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the Primary Offering, we will recognize such excess as a capital contribution from our Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, we do not believe total organization and offering costs will exceed
3.5% of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the Primary Offering. Offering costs are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital, and organization costs are recorded as an expense.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  The Company pays our Dealer Manager an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that is payable
monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T Shares sold in the
Primary Offering at the earlier of (i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the date at which
the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the sale of both Class A Shares and Class T Shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our distribution
reinvestment plan), which calculation shall be made by us with the assistance of our Dealer Manager commencing after the termination of the Primary Offering; (iii) the fifth anniversary of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which our Primary
Offering (i.e., excluding our distribution reinvestment plan offering) terminates; and (iv) the date that such Class T Share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Dealer Manager re-allows
all of the sales commissions and, subject to certain limitations, the stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Dealer Manager may also re-allow to these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer
manager fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Dealer Manager or other affiliates to
attend retail seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Dealer Manager also receives reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due
diligence expenses cannot be justified, any excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting compensation subject to a 10% FINRA limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses in connection with our
Public Offering, may not exceed 3% of gross offering proceeds from sales in the Public Offering. We record a liability within Due to affiliates for the future estimated stockholder servicing fees at the time of sale of a Class T Share as an offering
cost.      Foreign Currency Translation    
 For non-U.S. functional currency operations, assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. Revenues and
expenses are translated at the average rates for the period. All related adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of equity. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency of the related operation are recorded at rates of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction. Gains or losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense).  
   Redeemable Common Stock    
 We adopted a share redemption program that will enable stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances.  
 We record amounts that are redeemable under the share redemption program as redeemable common stock in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet since the shares are redeemable at the option of the holder and therefore their redemption is outside our control. The maximum amount redeemable under our share redemption program is limited to the number of shares we can repurchase with the
amount of the net proceeds from the sale of shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. However, accounting guidance states that determinable amounts that can become redeemable but that are contingent on an event that is likely to occur (e.g.,
the passage of time) should be presented as redeemable when such amount is known. Therefore, the net proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan are considered to be temporary equity and are presented as redeemable common stock in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.    In addition, current accounting guidance requires, among other things, that financial
instruments that represent a mandatory obligation of us to repurchase shares be classified as liabilities and reported at settlement value. Our redeemable common shares will be contingently redeemable at the option of the holder. When we determine
we have a mandatory obligation to repurchase shares under the share redemption program, we will reclassify such obligations from temporary equity to a liability based upon their respective settlement values.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received 22 redemption requests for a total of approximately 110,000 shares
(approximately $1.1 million), approximately $730,000 of which was fulfilled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with the remaining approximately $340,000 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of September 30,
2016 and fulfilled in October 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received one redemption request for 1,750 shares ($17,500).  
      15  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Accounting for Equity Awards    
 The cost of restricted stock is required to be measured based on the grant date fair value and the cost recognized over the relevant service
period.      Fair Value Measurements    
 The accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and
provides for expanded disclosure about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined by the accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability
(an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. It also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and
unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three levels. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs and hierarchy of fair value we will use when measuring fair value:  

Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access;    

Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals; and    

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities that are typically based on an entity s own assumptions as there is little, if any, related market activity.    
 In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the
fair value measurement will fall within the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The
accounting guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures provides a framework for measuring fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. In determining fair value, we will utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as consider
counterparty credit risk in our assessment of fair value. Considerable judgment will be necessary to interpret Level 2 and 3 inputs in determining fair value of our financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that the fair values we will present will be indicative of amounts that may ultimately be realized upon sale or other disposition of these assets.  
 Financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in our consolidated financial statements
consist of real estate and related liabilities assumed related to our acquisitions. The fair values of these assets and liabilities were determined as of the acquisition dates using widely accepted valuation techniques, including (i) discounted
cash flow analysis, which considers, among other things, leasing assumptions, growth rates, discount rates and terminal capitalization rates, (ii) income capitalization approach, which considers prevailing market capitalization rates, and
(iii) comparable sales activity. In general, we consider multiple valuation techniques when measuring fair values. However, in certain circumstances, a single valuation technique may be appropriate. All of the fair values of the assets and
liabilities as of the acquisition dates were derived using Level 3 inputs.    The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, other assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, distributions payable and amounts due to affiliates will approximate fair value because of the relatively short-term nature of these instruments.  
 The table below summarizes our fixed rate notes payable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The estimated fair value of
financial instruments is subjective in nature and is dependent on a number of important assumptions, including discount rates and relevant comparable market information associated with each financial instrument. The fair values of the fixed rate
notes payable were estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The use of different market assumptions
and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. Accordingly, the estimates presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we would realize in a current market exchange.  

16  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  To comply with GAAP, we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect
both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of derivative contracts for the effect of non-performance risk, we will consider the impact of
netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees.      Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities      We record all derivatives on our balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes
in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria
necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are
considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be
designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.    For derivatives designated as net
investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives are recognized directly in
earnings. Amounts are reclassified out of other comprehensive income into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.  
   Foreign Currency Forward    
 During the first quarter of 2016, we entered into a foreign currency forward contract in order to hedge foreign currency exposure related to
our investment in subsidiaries that hold properties we acquired in Canada. A foreign currency forward contract is a commitment to deliver a certain amount of currency at a certain price on a specific date in the future. By entering into the forward
contract and holding it to maturity, we are locked into a future currency exchange rate in an amount equal to and for the term of the forward contract. We have designated the foreign currency forward as a net investment hedge and changes in the fair
value of the derivative are reported in other comprehensive income.    The forward contract has a notional amount of $42.5 million CAD, a
duration of 12 months, and a forward rate of approximately 1.339. As of September 30, 2016, the forward contract has a fair market value representing a liability of approximately $0.7 million USD which is recorded in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The characteristics of this financial instrument, market data, and other comparative metrics utilized in determining this fair value are  Level 2  inputs as the term is
defined in the accounting standard for fair value measurement.      Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Entities    
 We account for the noncontrolling interest in our Operating Partnership in accordance with the related accounting guidance. Due to our control
through our general partnership interest in our Operating Partnership and the limited rights of the limited partner, our Operating Partnership, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are consolidated with the Company and the limited partner
interest is reflected as a noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The noncontrolling interest shall be attributed its share of income and losses, even if that attribution results in a deficit noncontrolling interest
balance.      Income Taxes    
 We made an election to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment Trust ( REIT ), under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. To qualify as a REIT, we must continue to meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to
distribute at least 90% of the REIT s ordinary taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to  
      17  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will then be subject to federal income taxes on our
taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain
statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as
a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  
 Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and
federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income.    We filed elections to treat our TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary effective
January 1, 2014. In general, the TRS performs additional services for our customers and generally engages in any real estate or non-real estate related business. The TRS is subject to corporate federal and state income tax. The TRS follows
accounting guidance which requires the use of the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect of future differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities.  
   Per Share Data    
 Basic earnings per share attributable to our common stockholders for all periods presented are computed by dividing net income (loss)
attributable to our common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period, excluding unvested restricted stock. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to our common
stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, adjusted for the dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock, utilizing the treasury stock method. For all periods presented the dilutive effect of unrestricted stock was not
included in the dilutive weighted average shares as such shares were antidilutive.      Recently Issued Accounting Guidance    
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
( ASU 2014-09 ) as Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 606. The objective of ASU 2014-09 is to establish a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers
and will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In applying the new standard, companies will perform a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is
recognized. ASU 2014-09 applies to all contracts with customers except those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB ASC. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to annual reporting periods (including
interim periods within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. This ASU shall still be applied using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach. We are in the process of evaluating
the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.    In February 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities.
Specifically, ASU 2015-02 modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and
affects the evaluation of fee arrangements in the primary beneficiary determination. ASU 2015-02 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this ASU in the interim period ended
March 31, 2016 and its adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. Given the absence of authoritative guidance within ASU 2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-15,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , which clarifies ASU No. 2015-03 by stating that the staff
of the SEC would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently  
      18  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement.
ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this ASU on January 1, 2016 and retrospectively applied the guidance to our secured debt. Unamortized debt
issuance costs, which were previously included in debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets, of approximately $0.2 million, are included in secured debt as of December 31, 2015.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which amends the guidance on accounting for leases. Under ASU
2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a
lease; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under ASU 2016-02, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. It also includes
extensive amendments to the disclosure requirements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not yet been made available for
issuance. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We are in the process of evaluating
the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.    In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 addresses eight classification issues related to the statement of cash flows, including debt prepayment or
debt extinguishment costs and distributions received from equity-method investees. The guidance will become effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact
of this standard on our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.     Note 3. Real Estate Facilities   
 The following summarizes the activity in real estate facilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

19  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation for our acquisitions
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      

(1)   
 The allocations noted above are based on a preliminary determination of the fair value of the total consideration provided. Such valuations may change as we complete our purchase price accounting.    

(2)   
 The operating results of the facilities acquired above have been included in our statement of operations since their respective acquisition date.    

(3)   
 Property operating income excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization and acquisition expenses.    

(4)   
 Allocation based on CAD/USD exchange rates as of date of acquisition.      The purchase price
allocations included above are preliminary and therefore, subject to change upon the completion of our analysis of appraisals and other information related to the acquisitions. We anticipate finalizing the purchase price allocations within one year
of their acquisition date, as further evaluations are completed and additional information is received from third parties.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  We incurred acquisition fees to our Advisor related to the above property acquisitions of
approximately $9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Note 4. Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited)
    The table set forth below summarizes on an unaudited pro forma basis the combined results of operations of the Company for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 as if the Company s acquisitions were completed as of January 1, 2015. This pro forma information does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations of the Company would have
been for the periods indicated, nor do they purport to predict the results of operations for future periods.      
   The pro forma financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were adjusted to exclude
approximately $11.6 and $3.1 million, respectively, for acquisition related expenses.     Note 5. Debt   
 The Company s debt is summarized as follows:      

(1)   
 Fixed rate debt with principal and interest payments due monthly. This promissory note is encumbered by five properties, Morrisville, Cary, Raleigh, Myrtle Beach I, and Myrtle Beach II.    

(2)   
 As of September 30, 2016, this facility encumbers thirteen properties (Xenia, Sidney, Troy, Greenville, Washington Court House, Richmond, Connersville, Port St. Lucie I, Sacramento, Sonoma, Las Vegas I, Las Vegas
II, and Las Vegas III).    

(3)   
 Canadian Dollar denominated loans. Variable rate loans are based on Canadian Prime, or the Canadian Dealer Offered Rate ( CDOR ).    

(4)   
 This loan encumbers 11 properties (Pompano Beach, Lake Worth, Jupiter, Royal Palm Beach, Port St. Lucie II, Wellington, Doral, Plantation, Naples, Delray, and Baltimore).    

(5)   
 This loan is encumbered by 29 properties (Whittier, La Verne, Santa Ana, Upland, La Habra, Monterey Park, Huntington Beach, Chico, Lancaster I, Riverside, Fairfield, Lompoc, Santa Rosa, Federal Heights, Aurora,
Littleton, Bloomingdale, Crestwood, Forestville, Warren I, Sterling Heights, Troy, Warren II, Beverly, Everett, Foley, Tampa, Boynton Beach, and Lancaster II). The separate assets and credit of these encumbered properties are not available to pay
our other debts.    

(6)   
 The KeyBank Subordinate Loan is non-recourse and unsecured.    
      21  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  As of September 30, 2016, we provided guarantees totaling approximately $42 million
in connection with certain of our loans. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to the outstanding debt.      Amended
KeyBank Credit Facility      On December 22, 2015, we, through our Operating Partnership, and certain affiliated entities, entered
into an amended and restated revolving credit facility (the  Amended KeyBank Credit Facility ) with KeyBank National Association ( KeyBank ), as administrative agent and KeyBanc Capital Markets, LLC, as the sole book runner and
sole lead arranger, and Texas Capital Bank, N.A., and Comerica Bank as co-lenders. The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility replaced our term credit facility with KeyBank in which we had a maximum borrowing capacity of approximately $71.3 million.  
 Under the terms of the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility, we initially had a maximum borrowing capacity of $105 million. It is anticipated that
the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility will be used to fund our future self storage property acquisitions. The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility may be increased to a maximum credit facility size of $500 million, in minimum increments of $10 million,
which KeyBank will arrange on a best efforts basis.    On February 18, 2016, we entered into a first amendment and joinder to the
amended and restated credit agreement (the  First Amendment ) with KeyBank. Under the terms of the First Amendment, we added an additional $40 million to our maximum borrowing capacity for a total of $145 million with the admission of US
Bank National Association (the  Subsequent Lender ). It is anticipated that the additional borrowing capacity will be used to fund our future self storage property acquisitions. The Subsequent Lender also became a party to the Amended
KeyBank Credit Facility through a joinder agreement in the First Amendment.    As of September 30, 2016 we had no borrowings
outstanding under the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility.    The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility is a revolving loan with an initial term of
three years, maturing on December 22, 2018, with two one-year extension options subject to certain conditions outlined further in the credit agreement for the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility (the  Amended Credit Agreement ). Payments
due pursuant to the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility are interest-only for the first 36 months and a 30-year amortization schedule thereafter. The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility bears interest based on the type of borrowing. The ABR Loans bear
interest at the lesser of (x) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) plus the Applicable Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). The Eurodollar Loans bear interest at the
lesser of (a) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) for the Interest Period in effect plus the Applicable Rate, or (b) the Maximum Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). The Applicable Rate
corresponds to our total leverage, as specified in the Amended Credit Agreement. For any ABR Loans, the Applicable Rate is 125 basis points if our total leverage is less than 50%, and 150 basis points if our leverage is greater than 50%. For any
Eurodollar Loan, the Applicable Rate is 225 basis points if our total leverage is less than 50% and 250 basis points if our total leverage is greater than 50%.  
 The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility is fully recourse and is secured by cross-collateralized first mortgage liens on the mortgaged properties.
The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility may be prepaid or terminated at any time without penalty, provided, however, that the Lenders (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) shall be indemnified for any breakage costs. Pursuant to that certain
guaranty (the  KeyBank Guaranty ), dated December 22, 2015, in favor of the Lenders, we serve as a guarantor of all obligations due under the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility.  
 Under certain conditions, the Borrower may cause the release of one or more of the properties serving as collateral for the Amended KeyBank
Credit Facility, provided that no default or event of default is then outstanding or would reasonably occur as a result of such release, and after taking into account any prepayment of outstanding Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement)
necessary to maintain compliance with the financial covenants.    The Amended KeyBank Credit Facility contains a number of other customary
terms and covenants, including the following (capitalized terms are as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement): the aggregate borrowing base availability under the Amended KeyBank Facility is limited to the lesser of: (1) 60% of the Pool Value
of the properties in the collateral pool, or (2) an amount that would provide a minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.35 to 1.0; and we must meet the following financial tests, calculated as of the close of each fiscal quarter:
(1) a Total Leverage Ratio of no more than 60%; (2) a Tangible Net Worth not at any time to be less than the Base Amount plus 80% of Net Equity Proceeds received after the Effective Date; (3) an Interest Coverage Ratio of no less than
1.85 to 1.0; (4) a Fixed Charge Ratio of no less than 1.6 to 1.0; (5) a ratio of varying rate Indebtedness to total Indebtedness not in excess of 30%; (6) a Loan to Value Ratio of not greater than 60%; and (7) a Debt Service
Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.35 to 1.0.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  In connection with the KeyBank CMBS Loan described below, in July 2016 we paid down $90
million, representing the then outstanding balance on the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility and removed the 29 properties from the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility and added them as collateral to the KeyBank CMBS Loan. In connection thereto, on
July 28, 2016, we entered into a Second Amendment to the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility which changed the minimum size pool of the mortgaged properties under the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility from 15 properties with an aggregate value of no
less than $100 million to ten properties with an aggregate value of no less than $40 million through December 31, 2016.  
 Additionally, on May 25, 2016, our Operating Partnership purchased an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $180 million,
such that in no event will our interest rate exceed 3.75% thereon through December 31, 2016.      The KeyBank Property Loan
     On March 25, 2016, one of our subsidiaries executed purchase and sale agreements with unaffiliated third parties for the
acquisition of 22 self storage facilities (10 in Florida, 11 in North Carolina, and one in Maryland), four parcels of land adjacent to the North Carolina properties and one redevelopment property in North Carolina (the  27 Property
Portfolio ). On June 1, 2016 we closed on 11 self storage facilities in Florida and Maryland for approximately $275 million representing the first phase ( First Phase ) of the 27 Property Portfolio.  
 On June 1, 2016, we, through certain affiliated entities (collectively, the  Borrower ) entered into a credit agreement (the
 Property Loan Agreement ) for a secured loan in the amount of $105 million (the  KeyBank Property Loan ) with KeyBank, as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets, LLC, as the sole book runner and sole lead arranger, and
the lenders party thereto. The Borrower borrowed $105 million in connection with the purchase of the properties in the First Phase of the 27 Property Portfolio. The KeyBank Property Loan is a term loan facility that has a maturity date of
December 31, 2016. We intend to repay the KeyBank Property Loan with net proceeds from our Offering, a draw down on the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility or other potential debt financing.  
 Payments due under the KeyBank Property Loan are interest-only due on the first day of each month. The KeyBank Property Loan bears interest
based on the type of borrowing elected by the Borrower. An ABR Borrowing bears interest at the lesser of (x) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Property Loan Agreement) plus the Applicable Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate (as defined
in the Property Loan Agreement). A Eurodollar Borrowing bears interest at the lesser of (a) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Property Loan Agreement) for the Interest Period in effect plus the Applicable Rate, or (b) the Maximum
Rate (as defined in the Property Loan Agreement). The Applicable Rate means 225 basis points for any Eurodollar Borrowing and 125 basis points for any ABR Borrowing. The Borrower elected a Eurodollar Borrowing. The Borrower paid certain fees to the
lenders in connection with the KeyBank Property Loan.    The KeyBank Property Loan is fully recourse, jointly and severally, to us and the
Borrower and is secured by cross-collateralized first mortgage liens on 11 Mortgaged Properties (as defined in the Property Loan Agreement), which are the same properties acquired in the First Phase of the 27 Property Portfolio. The Borrower may
prepay the KeyBank Property Loan at any time, without penalty, in whole or in part, with an exit fee payable under certain circumstances. Pursuant to that certain guaranty (the  Property Loan Guaranty ), dated June 1, 2016, in favor
of the lenders, we serve as the guarantor of all obligations due under the Property Loan Agreement.    The Property Loan Agreement contains
a number of other customary terms and covenants, including the following (capitalized terms are as defined in the Property Loan Agreement) financial tests the Borrower must maintain, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP: (i) a Loan
to Value Ratio of not greater than fifty five percent (55%); and (ii) a Pool Debt Yield of at least ten and one half percent (10.5%), tested as of September 30, 2016 and as of the close of each fiscal quarter thereafter. Throughout the
terms of the Property Loan Agreement, we shall have and maintain, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, tested as of the close of each fiscal quarter: (i) a total Leverage Ratio no greater than sixty percent (60%); (ii) a
Tangible Net Worth not at any time to be less than approximately $260 million, plus eighty-five percent (85%) of the Net Equity Proceeds received after the Effective Date; (iii) an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.85:1.00;
(iv) a Fixed Charge Ratio of not less than 1.60:1.00; and (v) a ratio of the Indebtedness that bears interest at a varying rate of interest or that does not have the interest rate fixed, capped or swapped pursuant to a hedging agreement to
the sum of the Indebtedness, not in excess of thirty percent (30%).  
      23  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    The KeyBank Subordinate Loan    
 On June 1, 2016, in conjunction with the acquisition of the First Phase of the 27 Property Portfolio, we entered into a credit agreement
(the  Subordinate Loan Agreement ) in which we borrowed $30 million (the  KeyBank Subordinate Loan ) with KeyBank, as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets, LLC, as the sole book runner and sole lead arranger, and the
lenders party thereto. The KeyBank Subordinate Loan is a term loan facility that has a maturity date of December 31, 2016. We intend to repay the KeyBank Subordinate Loan with net proceeds from our Offering, a draw down on the Amended KeyBank
Credit Facility or other potential debt financing. During September 2016, we repaid $10 million on the KeyBank Subordinate Loan and the remaining balance was $20 million as of September 30, 2016. In October 2016, we repaid an
additional $5 million, reducing the outstanding balance to $15 million.    Payments due pursuant to the KeyBank Subordinate Loan are
interest-only due on the first day of each month. The KeyBank Subordinate Loan bears interest based on the type of borrowing elected by us. An ABR Borrowing bears interest at the lesser of (x) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the
Subordinate Loan Agreement) plus the Applicable Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate (as defined in the Subordinate Loan Agreement). A Eurodollar Borrowing bears interest at the lesser of (a) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Subordinate
Loan Agreement) for the Interest Period in effect plus the Applicable Rate, or (b) the Maximum Rate (as defined in the Subordinate Loan Agreement). The Applicable Rate means 563 basis points for any Eurodollar Borrowing and 463 basis
points for any ABR Borrowing. We elected a Eurodollar Borrowing. We paid certain fees to the lenders in connection with the KeyBank Subordinate Loan.  
 The KeyBank Subordinate Loan is non-recourse and unsecured. We may prepay the KeyBank Subordinate Loan at any time, without penalty, in whole
or in part, with an exit fee payable under certain circumstances. The KeyBank Subordinate Loan contains a number of other customary terms and covenants, including the following (capitalized terms are as defined in the Subordinate Loan Agreement)
financial tests we must maintain, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, tested as of the close of each fiscal quarter: (i) a Total Leverage Ratio no greater than sixty percent (60%); (ii) a Tangible Net Worth not at any time to
be less than approximately $260 million, plus eighty-five percent (85%) of the Net Equity Proceeds received after the Effective Date; (iii) an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.85:1.00; (iv) a Fixed Charge Ratio of not less
than 1.60:1.00; and (v) a ratio of the Indebtedness that bears interest at a varying rate of interest or that does not have the interest rate fixed, capped or swapped pursuant to a hedging agreement to the sum of the Indebtedness, not in excess
of thirty percent (30%). It will be an event of default under the Subordinate Loan Agreement if an event of default is in existence under our Amended KeyBank Credit Facility or under the Property Loan Agreement.  
   KeyBank CMBS Loan    
 On July 28, 2016, we, through 29 special purpose entities wholly owned by our Operating Partnership, entered into a loan agreement with
KeyBank in which we borrowed $95 million from KeyBank (the  KeyBank CMBS Loan ). Pursuant to the loan agreement, the collateral under the loan consists of our respective fee interests in 29 self storage properties (the  29 Mortgaged
Properties ). The proceeds of the KeyBank CMBS Loan were primarily used to pay down our Amended KeyBank Credit Facility, after which the 29 Mortgaged Properties were released as collateral under the Amended KeyBank Credit Facility.  
 The KeyBank CMBS Loan has an initial term of ten years, maturing on August 1, 2026. In connection with the KeyBank CMBS Loan, we entered
into two promissory notes, dated July 28, 2016, in the amounts of $70 million and $25 million (the  Promissory Notes ). Monthly payments due under the Promissory Notes are interest-only for the first five years and payments
reflecting a  30-year amortization  schedule begin thereafter. The Promissory Notes bear interest at 3.89%.  
 The KeyBank CMBS Loan is secured by first mortgage liens or deeds of trusts on the 29 Mortgaged Properties, an assignment of all leases/rents,
perfected first priority security interests in all personal property, escrows, reserves and a cash management account. In addition, we have provided a guaranty (the  KeyBank Guaranty ), dated July 28, 2016, in favor of KeyBank, in
which we serves as a guarantor of all obligations due under the loan agreement.    The KeyBank CMBS Loan may be repaid in whole or in part
through a partial or full defeasance (releasing one or more of the 29 Mortgaged Properties from the liens) beginning two years after the Promissory Notes are securitized, which occurred in August, 2016  
      24  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Interest Rate Swap    
 In connection with the loan we assumed in connection with the purchase of the properties we acquired in Oakland and Concord, California, we
also assumed an interest rate swap with USAmeriBank that fixes the interest rate at 3.95% and that will expire on April 10, 2023. In conjunction with the preliminary purchase accounting, the interest rate swap was valued at approximately
$760,000 and recorded as a debt premium. From the date of acquisition through September 30, 2016, the interest rate swap s liability position has increased approximately $0.3 million which is recorded in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The characteristics of this financial instrument, market data, and other comparative metrics utilized in determining this fair value are  Level 2  inputs as the term is
defined in the accounting standard for fair value measurement.    The following table presents the future principal payment requirements on
outstanding secured debt as of September 30, 2016:      
    Note 6. Preferred Equity   
   Issuance of Preferred Units by our Operating Partnership    
 On November 3, 2014, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement (the
 Unit Purchase Agreement ) with the Preferred Investor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P. Pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Preferred Investor agreed to provide up to $65 million
through a preferred equity investment in our Operating Partnership (the  Preferred Equity Investment ), to be used solely for investments in self storage properties, as described in the underlying documents, in exchange for up to
2.6 million preferred units of limited partnership interest of our Operating Partnership (the  Preferred Units ), each having a liquidation preference of $25.00 per Preferred Unit (the  Liquidation Amount ), plus all
accumulated and unpaid distributions.    In addition to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Second
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership (the  Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement ) and Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement
(the  Amendment ). The Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement authorizes the issuance of additional classes of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, establishes a new series of preferred
units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and sets forth other necessary corresponding changes. All other terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement remained substantially the same. The Amendment
sets forth key terms of the Preferred Units, some of which are discussed below.    In a number of transactions, the Preferred Investor
invested a total of $59.5 million in our Operating Partnership and was issued approximately 2.4 million preferred units. As of December 31, 2015, we had redeemed all of the Preferred Units.  
 The holders of the Preferred Units received current distributions (the  Current Distributions ) at a rate of a one-month LIBOR plus
6.5% per annum on the Liquidation Amount, payable monthly and calculated on an actual/360 basis. In addition to the Current Distributions, our Operating Partnership had the obligation to elect either (A) to pay the holder of the Preferred
Units additional distributions monthly in an amount equal to: (i) 4.35% per annum of the Liquidation Amount through March 31, 2017; and (ii) beginning April 1, 2017, 6.35% per annum of the Liquidation Amount or
(B) defer the additional  
      25  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
distributions ( the  Deferred Distributions ) in an amount that accumulated monthly in an amount equal to (i) LIBOR plus 10.85% of the Deferred Distributions through March 31,
2017; and (ii) beginning April 1, 2017, LIBOR plus 12.85% of the Deferred Distributions.     Note 7. Related Party Transactions   
   Fees to Affiliates    
 Our Advisory Agreement with our Advisor and dealer manager agreement ( Dealer Manager Agreement ) with our Dealer Manager, entitle
our Advisor and our Dealer Manager to specified fees upon the provision of certain services with regard to the Offering and investment of funds in real estate properties, among other services, as well as reimbursement for organizational and offering
costs incurred by our Advisor on our behalf and reimbursement of certain costs and expenses incurred by our Advisor in providing services to us.  
   Organization and Offering Costs    
 Organization and offering costs of the Offering may be paid by our Advisor on our behalf and will be reimbursed to our Advisor from the
proceeds of our Offering. Organization and offering costs consist of all expenses (other than sales commissions, the dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) paid by us in connection with the Offering, including our legal,
accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, charges of our escrow holder and other accountable organization and offering expenses, including, but not limited to, (i) amounts to reimburse our Advisor for all marketing related costs and
expenses such as salaries and direct expenses of employees of our Advisor and its affiliates in connection with registering and marketing our shares; (ii) technology costs associated with the Offering; (iii) our costs of conducting our
training and education meetings; (iv) our costs of attending retail seminars conducted by participating broker-dealers; and (v) payment or reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses. Our Advisor must reimburse us within 60 days
after the end of the month which the Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions and dealer manager fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross offering proceeds from the Primary
Offering.      Advisory Agreement    
 We do not have any employees. Our Advisor is primarily responsible for managing our business affairs and carrying out the directives of
our board of directors. Our Advisor receives various fees and expenses under the terms of our Advisory Agreement. We are required under our Advisory Agreement to reimburse our Advisor for organization and offering costs; provided, however, our
Advisor is required to reimburse us within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross offering proceeds from the Primary Offering.    Our Advisory Agreement also requires our
Advisor to reimburse us to the extent that offering expenses, including sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and organization and offering expenses, are in excess of 15% of gross proceeds from the Offering.  
 Our Advisor receives acquisition fees equal to 1.75% of the contract purchase price of each property we acquire plus reimbursement of any
acquisition expenses incurred by our Advisor. Our Advisor also receives a monthly asset management fee equal to 0.05208%, which is one-twelfth of 0.625%, of our aggregate asset value, as defined.  
 Under our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor receives disposition fees in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) one-half of the competitive
real estate commission or (ii) 1% of the contract sale price for each property we sell, as long as our Advisor provides substantial assistance in connection with the sale. The total real estate commissions paid (including the disposition fee
paid to our Advisor) may not exceed the lesser of a competitive real estate commission or an amount equal to 6% of the contract sale price of the property.  
 Our Advisor is also entitled to various subordinated distributions pursuant to our Operating Partnership Agreement if we (1) list our
shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminate our Advisory Agreement (other than a voluntary termination), (3) liquidate our portfolio, or (4) enter into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the Operating
Partnership Agreement.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  Our Advisory Agreement provides for reimbursement of our Advisor s direct and indirect
costs of providing administrative and management services to us. Beginning four fiscal quarters after we acquired our first real estate asset, our Advisor is required to pay or reimburse us the amount by which our aggregate annual operating
expenses, as defined, exceed the greater of 2% of our average invested assets or 25% of our net income, as defined, unless a majority of our independent directors determine that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring
factors. For any fiscal quarter for which total operating expenses for the 12 months then ended exceed the limitation, we will disclose this fact in our next quarterly report or within 60 days of the end of that quarter and send a written
disclosure of this fact to our stockholders. In each case the disclosure will include an explanation of the factors that the independent directors considered in arriving at the conclusion that the excess expenses were justified. Our aggregate
annual operating expenses, as defined, did not exceed the thresholds described above.      Dealer Manager Agreement    
 Our Dealer Manager receives a sales commission of up to 7.0% of gross proceeds from sales of Class A Shares and up to 2.0% of gross
proceeds from the sales of Class T Shares in the Primary Offering and a dealer manager fee up to 3.0% of gross proceeds from sales of both Class A Shares and Class T Shares in the Primary Offering under the terms of the Dealer Manager
Agreement. In addition, our Dealer Manager receives an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that is payable monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary
Offering. We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering at the earlier of (i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into
another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the date at which the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the sale of both Class A Shares and Class T
Shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan), which calculation shall be made by us with the assistance of our Dealer Manager commencing after the termination of the Primary
Offering; (iii) the fifth anniversary of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding our distribution reinvestment plan offering) terminates; and (iv) the date that such Class T Share is redeemed or is
no longer outstanding. Our Dealer Manager has entered into participating dealer agreements with certain other broker-dealers which authorizes them to sell our shares. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Dealer Manager re-allows all
of the sales commissions and, subject to certain limitations, the stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Dealer Manager may also re-allow to these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer manager
fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend
retail seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Dealer Manager also receives reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due diligence
expenses cannot be justified, any excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting compensation subject to a 10% FINRA limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses in connection with our Offering,
may not exceed 3% of gross offering proceeds from sales in the Offering.      Affiliated Dealer Manager    
 Our Chief Executive Officer and President owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a 15% non-voting equity interest in our
Dealer Manager through August 31, 2014. Effective, August 31, 2014, SmartStop indirectly owned the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager, pursuant to the Self Administration and Investment Management Transaction. Effective
October 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager is now owned by our Sponsor. An affiliate of our Dealer Manager continues to own a 2.5% non-voting membership interest in our Advisor.  
   Property Management Agreement    
 Through September 30, 2015, each of our self storage properties was managed by our Property Manager under separate property management
agreements. Under each agreement, our Property Manager received a fee for its services in managing our properties, generally equal to the greater of $3,000 or 6% of the gross revenues from the properties plus reimbursement of the Property
Manager s costs of managing the properties. Reimbursable costs and expenses included wages and salaries and other expenses of employees engaged in operating, managing and maintaining our properties. Our Property Manager also received a one-time
fee for each property acquired by us that was managed by our Property Manager in the amount of $3,750. In the event that our Property Manager assisted with the development or redevelopment of a property, we paid a separate
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
market-based fee for such services. In addition, our Property Manager was entitled to a construction management fee equal to 5% of the cost of construction or capital improvement work in excess
of $10,000 and an administration fee equal to $0.50 a month for each insurance policy purchased by a tenant at one of our properties in connection with the tenant insurance program. Additionally, each agreement included a non-solicitation provision
and a provision regarding the Property Manager s use of trademarks and other intellectual property owned by SmartStop.    As of
October 1, 2015, each of our self storage properties located in the United States are subject to separate property management agreements with our Property Manager, which in turn has entered into sub-property management agreements with an
affiliate of Extra Space, which provides on-site management of our properties. Such agreements were entered into effective on October 1, 2015. Under the property management agreements, our Property Manager receives a monthly management fee of
$2,500 or 6% of the gross revenues, whichever is greater, plus reimbursement of the Property Manager s costs of managing the properties. Extra Space agreed to pay up to $25,000 for each property managed toward the signage and set-up costs
associated with converting each property to the Extra Space brand (the  Set-Up Amount ). The property management agreements have a three year term and automatically renew for successive one year periods thereafter, unless we or our
Property Manager provides prior written notice at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term. We may terminate a property management agreement without cause at any time during the initial three year term if we pay the Property Manager a
termination fee equal to the Set-Up Amount, reduced by 1/36th of the Set-Up Amount for every full month of the term. After the end of the initial three year term, we may terminate a property management agreement on 30 days prior written notice
without payment of a termination fee. Our Property Manager may terminate a property management agreement on 60 days prior written notice to us.  
 The sub-property management agreements between our Property Manager and Extra Space are substantially the same as the property management
agreements between us and our Property Manager. Under the sub-property management agreements, our Property Manager pays Extra Space a monthly management fee of $2,500 or 6% of the gross revenues, whichever is greater, plus reimbursement of Extra
Space s costs of managing the properties; provided, however that no management fee is due and payable to Extra Space for the months of January and July each year during the term. Extra Space has the exclusive right to offer tenant insurance to
the tenants and is entitled to all of the benefits of such tenant insurance. The sub-property management agreements also have a three year term and automatically renew for successive one year periods thereafter, unless our Property Manager or Extra
Space provides prior written notice at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term. Our Property Manager may terminate the sub-property management agreement without cause at any time during the initial three year term if it pays Extra Space a
termination fee equal to the Set-Up Amount, reduced by 1/36th of the Set-Up Amount for every full month of the term. After the end of the initial three year term, our Property Manager may terminate a sub-property management agreement on 30 days
prior written notice without payment of a termination fee. Extra Space may terminate a property management agreement on 60 days prior written notice to our Property Manager.  
 In addition, we entered into an agreement with Extra Space and our Property Manager in which we agreed that, subject to certain limitations,
our Property Manager will retain Extra Space as sub-property manager for all self storage properties we acquire in the United States that will be managed by our Property Manager.  
 Our self storage properties located in Canada are subject to separate property management agreements with our Property Manager, which are
substantially similar to our property management agreements for our properties in the United States prior to September 30, 2015, except there is an agreement to share net tenant insurance revenues equally between us and our Property Manager.
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  Pursuant to the terms of the agreements described above, the following table summarizes
related party costs incurred and paid by us for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as well as any related amounts payable as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2015, property management fees included approximately $0.3 million of fees paid to the sub-property manager of our properties. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, property management fees included approximately $1.3 million of fees paid to the sub-property manager of our properties.    

(2) 
 The Company pays our Dealer Manager an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that is payable monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in the
Primary Offering. As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred approximately $2.5 million and paid approximately $0.3 million of such stockholder servicing fees.    
   Extra Space Self Storage    
 In connection with the Merger of SmartStop into Extra Space, certain of our executive officers, including H. Michael Schwartz, Paula Mathews,
Michael McClure and James Berg, received units of limited partnership interest in Extra Space Storage LP, the operating partnership for Extra Space, in exchange for units of limited partnership of SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P.,
the operating partnership for SmartStop, owned by such executives.      Tenant Protection Plan    
 During the first quarter of 2016, in connection with our acquisitions of properties located in Canada, our board of directors approved our
participation in a tenant protection plan pursuant to which we will receive 50% of the net revenues generated for each tenant protection plan purchased by a customer at our Canadian properties and our Property Manager will receive the other 50% of
such net revenues.     Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Distribution Reinvestment Plan    
 We have adopted an amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan that allows both our Class A and Class T stockholders to have
distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional shares of our Class A and Class T Shares, respectively. On April 21, 2016, the purchase price per share became equivalent to our estimated value per share of $10.09. We
may amend or terminate the amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan for any reason at any time upon 10 days  prior written notice to stockholders. No sales commissions or dealer manager fee will be paid on shares sold through the
amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan. As of September 30, 2016 we had sold approximately 0.8 million shares through our distribution reinvestment plan offering for Class A Shares and approximately 50,000 shares for our
Class T Shares.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Share Redemption Program    
 We adopted a share redemption program that enables stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances. As long as our common
stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, our stockholders who have held their stock for at least one year may be able to have all or any portion of their shares of stock redeemed by us. We may redeem the
shares of stock presented for redemption for cash to the extent that we have sufficient funds available to fund such redemption.    Our
board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the share redemption program with 30 days  notice to our stockholders. We may provide this notice by including such information in a Current Report on Form 8-K or in our annual or
quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or by a separate mailing to our stockholders. The complete terms of our share redemption program are described in our prospectus.  
 The amount that we may pay to redeem stock for redemptions is the redemption price set forth in the following table which is based upon the
number of years the stock is held:      

Number Years Held   
    
  Redemption Price   

Less than 1  
    
 No Redemption Allowed  
 
   1 or more but less than 3  
    
 90.0% of Redemption Amount  
 
   3 or more but less than 4  
    
 95.0% of Redemption Amount  
 
   4 or more  
    
 100.0% of Redemption Amount  
   At any time we are engaged in an offering of shares, the Redemption Amount for shares purchased under our
share redemption program will always be equal to or lower than the applicable per share offering price. As long as we are engaged in an offering, the Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of the amount the stockholder paid for their shares or the
price per share in the current Offering. If we are no longer engaged in an offering, the per share Redemption Amount will be determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors will announce any redemption price adjustment and the time
period of its effectiveness as a part of its regular communications with our stockholders. At any time the redemption price during an offering is determined by any method other than the offering price, if we have sold property and have made one or
more special distributions to our stockholders of all or a portion of the net proceeds from such sales, the per share redemption price will be reduced by the net sale proceeds per share distributed to investors prior to the redemption date as a
result of the sale of such property in the special distribution. Our board of directors will, in its sole discretion, determine which distributions, if any, constitute a special distribution. While our board of directors does not have specific
criteria for determining a special distribution, we expect that a special distribution will only occur upon the sale of a property and the subsequent distribution of the net sale proceeds.  
 There are several limitations on our ability to redeem shares under the share redemption program including, but not limited to:  

Unless the shares are being redeemed in connection with a stockholder s death,  qualifying disability  (as defined under the share redemption program) or bankruptcy, we may not redeem shares until the
stockholder has held his or her shares for one year.        

During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of 5% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year.    

The cash available for redemption is limited to the proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan.    

We have no obligation to redeem shares if the redemption would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests
of solvency.      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received 22 redemption requests for an aggregate of
approximately 110,000 shares (approximately $1.1 million), approximately $730,000 of which was fulfilled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with the remaining approximately $340,000 included in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and fulfilled in October 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received one redemption request for 1,750 ($17,500) shares which was fulfilled in July 2015.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Operating Partnership Redemption Rights    
 The limited partners of our Operating Partnership have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem their limited partnership units
for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of our shares, or, at our option, we may purchase their limited partnership units by issuing one share of our common stock for each limited partnership unit redeemed. These rights may not be
exercised under certain circumstances that could cause us to lose our REIT election. Furthermore, limited partners may exercise their redemption rights only after their limited partnership units have been outstanding for one year. Our Advisor is
prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as our Advisor is acting as our advisor under the Advisory Agreement.  
   Other Contingencies    
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not aware of any legal
proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities.  
  Note 9. Declaration of Distributions     On
September 19, 2016, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the fourth quarter of 2016 of $0.00163934426 per day per share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to both Class A and Class T stockholders of record
of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day during the period, commencing on October 1, 2016 and continuing on each day thereafter through and including December 31, 2016. Such distributions payable to each
stockholder of record during a month will be paid on such date of the following month as our Chief Executive Officer may determine.     Note 10. Selected
Quarterly Data (Unaudited)     The following is a summary of quarterly financial information for the periods shown below:  
   
    Note 11. Potential Acquisitions   
  Potential Acquisition of Second Phase of 27 Property Portfolio   
 On March 25, 2016, one of our subsidiaries executed purchase and sale agreements with unaffiliated third parties for the acquisition of
the 27 Property Portfolio. The purchase price for the 27 Property Portfolio is approximately $371 million, plus closing costs and acquisition fees. On June 1, 2016 we closed on the First Phase of the 27 Property Portfolio consisting
of 11 self storage facilities in Florida and Maryland for approximately $275 million. We expect the acquisition of the remaining properties in the 27 Property Portfolio to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. We expect to fund the purchase of the
additional properties in the 27 Property Portfolio with a combination of proceeds from our Offering, drawdown on our Amended KeyBank Credit Facility, and an assumption of existing debt on certain of the remaining properties. There can be no
assurance that we will complete the acquisition. If we fail to acquire the remaining properties in the 27 Property Portfolio, in addition to the incurred acquisition costs, we may also forfeit earnest money as a result.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
   Potential Acquisition Aurora, Colorado   
 On September 19, 2016, one of our subsidiaries executed a purchase and sale agreement with an unaffiliated third party for the acquisition
of a storage facility located in Aurora, Colorado (the  Aurora Property ). The purchase price for the Aurora Property is approximately $10.1 million, plus closing costs and acquisition fees. We expect to close on the acquisition of the
Aurora Property in the first quarter of 2017 and to fund such acquisition with a combination of proceeds from our Offering and a drawdown on our Amended KeyBank Credit Facility. There can be no assurance that we will complete the acquisition. If we
fail to acquire the Aurora Property, in addition to the incurred acquisition costs, we may also forfeit earnest money as a result.     Note 12. Subsequent
Events       Offering Status    
 As of November 7, 2016, in connection with our Offering we have issued approximately 44 million Class A Shares of our common stock
and approximately 6 million Class T Shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $447 million and approximately $56 million, respectively.  
   Principal Payment on KeyBank Subordinate Loan    
 On October 28, 2016 we made a principal payment in the amount of $5 million to pay down the outstanding balance on our KeyBank Subordinate
Loan, which reduced the outstanding balance to $15 million.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should also be read in conjunction with our financial statements and
notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. See also  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward
Looking Statements  preceding Part I.     Overview   
 Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), was formed on January 8, 2013 under the Maryland
General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in self storage facilities and related self storage real estate investments. Our year-end is December 31. As used in this report,  we,   us, 
 our,  and  Company  refer to Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries.    SmartStop Asset
Management, LLC (our  Sponsor ), is the sponsor of our Offering (as defined below). Our Sponsor became our sponsor on October 1, 2015 in connection with the merger of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. into Extra Space Storage, Inc. Our
Sponsor owns 97.5% of the economic interests (and 100% of the voting membership interests) of Strategic Storage Advisor II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our  Advisor ) and owns 100% of Strategic Storage Property Management
II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our  Property Manager ). See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Statements contained in this report for further details about our affiliates.  
 On January 10, 2014, we commenced a public offering of a maximum of $1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the
 Primary Offering ) and $95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the  Offering ). On May 23, 2014, we satisfied the $1.5 million minimum offering requirements of
our Offering and commenced formal operations. On September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now offering two classes of shares of common stock: Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class A
Shares ) and Class T common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ). As of September 30, 2016, we had sold approximately 42 million Class A Shares and approximately 5 million Class T Shares in
our Offering for gross proceeds of approximately $427 million and approximately $49 million, respectively. We intend to invest the net proceeds from the Offering primarily in self storage facilities and related self storage real estate
investments.    As of September 30, 2016, our self storage portfolio was comprised as follows:  

(1)   
 Includes all rentable units, consisting of storage units, and parking (approximately 1,400 units).    

(2)   
 Includes all rentable square feet consisting of storage units, and parking (approximately 390,000 square feet).    
      33  

Table of Contents  

(3)   
 Represents the occupied square feet of all facilities we owned in a state or the Greater Toronto Area divided by total rentable square feet of all the facilities we owned in such state or area as of September 30,
2016.    

(4)   
 Represents rental income for all facilities we owned in a state divided by our total rental income for the month ended September 30, 2016.    
  Critical Accounting Policies     We have
established accounting policies which conform to generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies,
including making estimates and assumptions. Following is a discussion of the estimates and assumptions used in setting accounting policies that we consider critical in the presentation of our financial statements. Many estimates and assumptions
involved in the application of GAAP may have a material impact on our financial condition or operating performance, or on the comparability of such information to amounts reported for other periods, because of the subjectivity and judgment required
to account for highly uncertain items or the susceptibility of such items to change. These estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
financial statements and our reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period covered by this report. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is
possible that different accounting policies would have been applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses would have been recorded, thus resulting in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or
materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates and assumptions that may impact the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations to those
companies.    We believe that our critical accounting policies include the following: real estate purchase price allocations; the evaluation
of whether any of our long-lived assets have been impaired; the determination of the useful lives of our long-lived assets; and the evaluation of the consolidation of our interests in joint ventures. The following discussion of these policies
supplements, but does not supplant the description of our significant accounting policies, as contained in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, and is intended to present our analysis of the
uncertainties involved in arriving upon and applying each policy.      Real Estate Purchase Price Allocation    
 We allocate the purchase prices of acquired properties based on a number of estimates and assumptions. We allocate the purchase prices to the
tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. These estimated fair values are based upon comparable market sales information for land and estimates of depreciated replacement cost of equipment,
building and site improvements. Acquisitions of portfolios of properties are allocated to the individual properties based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which we estimate based
upon the relative size, age, and location of the individual property along with actual historical and estimated occupancy and rental rate levels, and other relevant factors. If available, and determined by management to be appropriate, appraised
values are used, rather than these estimated values. Because we believe that substantially all of the leases in place at properties we acquire will be at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts, we do not expect to
allocate any portion of the purchase prices to above or below market leases. The determination of market rates is also subject to a number of estimates and assumptions. Our allocations of purchase prices could result in a materially different
presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such allocations may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
   Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    
 The majority of our assets consist of long-lived real estate assets as well as intangible assets related to our acquisitions. We will
continually evaluate such assets for impairment based on events and changes in circumstances that may arise in the future and that may impact the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we will
assess the recoverability of the particular asset by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered, through an evaluation of the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual
disposition. This evaluation is based on a number of estimates and assumptions. Based on this evaluation, if the expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will adjust the value of the long-lived asset and recognize
an impairment loss. Our evaluation of the impairment of long-lived assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the amount of
impairment loss, if any, recognized may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Estimated Useful Lives of Long-Lived Assets    
 We assess the useful lives of the assets underlying our properties based upon a subjective determination of the period of future benefit for
each asset. We record depreciation expense with respect to these assets based upon the estimated useful lives we determine. Our determinations of the useful lives of the assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial
statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such determinations, and the corresponding amount of depreciation expense, may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
   Consolidation of Investments in Joint Ventures    
 We will evaluate the consolidation of our investments in joint ventures in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. This evaluation
requires us to determine whether we have a controlling interest in a joint venture through a means other than voting rights, and, if so, such joint venture may be required to be consolidated in our financial statements. Our evaluation of our joint
ventures under such accounting guidance could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the joint venture entities included in our
financial statements may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use.     REIT Qualification   
 We made an election under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, commencing
with the taxable year ended December 31, 2014. By qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in
any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which our
qualification is denied. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in a
manner that will enable us to continue to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to operate as to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  
  Results of Operations       Overview
     We derive revenues principally from: (i) rents received from tenants who rent storage units under month-to-month leases at
each of our self storage facilities; and (ii) sales of packing- and storage-related supplies at our storage facilities. Therefore, our operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing tenants and lease our available
self storage units to new tenants, while maintaining and, where possible, increasing the prices for our self storage units. Additionally, our operating results depend on our tenants making their required rental payments to us.  
 Competition in the market areas in which we operate is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental revenues and
operating expenses of our facilities. Development of any new self storage facilities would intensify competition of self storage operators in markets in which we operate.  
 Our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 include partial results for one facility acquired in the
quarter ended September 30, 2015 and a full quarter of operations for 31 properties, and a full three quarters of operations for five facilities and partial operations for the 27 facilities we acquired during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Our operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 include partial operations for the three self storage facilities acquired in the third quarter of 2016 and full quarter of operations for 63
properties, while our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include a full three quarters of operations for 33 self storage facilities and three quarters of partial operations for 33 self storage facilities acquired
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Therefore, we believe there is little basis for comparison between the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Operating results in future periods will depend on the results
of operations of our existing properties and of the real estate properties that we acquire in the future.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
      Self Storage Rental Revenue   
 Rental revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $14.4 million and $4.9 million,
respectively. The increase in rental revenue is primarily attributable to a full quarter of operations for 63 properties and a partial quarter of operations for three properties during the third quarter of 2016, compared to a full quarter of
operations for 31 properties and partial quarter of operations of one property for the third quarter of 2015. We expect rental revenue to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  Property Operating Expenses   
 Property operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $4.8 million and $1.8 million,
respectively. Property operating expenses includes the cost to operate our facilities including payroll, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and marketing. The increase in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to a full quarter
of operations for 63 properties and a partial quarter of operations for three properties during the third quarter of 2016, compared to a full quarter of operations for 31 properties and partial quarter of operations of one property for the third
quarter of 2015. We expect property operating expenses to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisitions and increases in revenue.  
  Property Operating Expenses   Affiliates   
 Property operating expenses   affiliates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $1.9 million and
$0.6 million, respectively. Property operating expenses   affiliates includes property management fees and asset management fees. The increase in property operating expenses affiliates is primarily attributable to a full quarter of
operations for 63 properties and a partial quarter of operations for three properties during the third quarter of 2016, compared to a full quarter of operations for 31 properties and partial quarter of operations of one property for the third
quarter of 2015. We expect property operating expenses   affiliates to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisitions and increases in revenue.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.6 million and $0.4
million, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of legal expenses, transfer agent fees, directors  and officers  insurance expense, an allocation of a portion of our Advisor s payroll related costs,
accounting expenses and board of directors  related costs. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to increases in accounting, transfer agent and legal costs commensurate with our increased operational
activity. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in the future as our operational activity increases, but decrease as a percentage of total revenues.  
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $7.4 million and $2.9
million, respectively. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings and site improvements at our properties. Amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets resulting from our acquisitions. The
increase in depreciation and amortization expenses is primarily attributable to a full quarter of operations for 63 properties and a partial quarter of operations for three properties during the third quarter of 2016, compared to a full quarter of
operations for 31 properties and partial quarter of operations of one property for the third quarter of 2015. We expect depreciation and amortization expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  Acquisition Expenses - Affiliates   
 Acquisition expenses   affiliates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.8 million and $0.2
million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods. We expect acquisition expenses affiliates to fluctuate commensurate with our
acquisition activities.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   Other Property Acquisition Expenses   
 Other property acquisition expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.3 million and $0.1
million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods or to be acquired in future periods. We expect other property acquisition expenses to
fluctuate commensurate with our acquisition activities.     Interest Expense and Accretion of Fair Market Value of Secured Debt   
 Interest expense and the accretion of fair market value of secured debt for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
approximately $2.8 million and $0.8 million, respectively. We expect interest expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future debt level.  
  Interest Expense - Debt Issuance Costs   
 Interest expense - debt issuance costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.1 million and $0.2
million, respectively. The increase in debt issuance costs is attributable to the amortization of costs incurred in connection with obtaining financing for the acquisition of our self storage properties and approximately $0.8 million of costs
incurred related to the KeyBank CMBS Loan that were expensed in accordance with GAAP. We expect debt issuance costs to fluctuate commensurate with our future financing activity.  
   Same-Store Facility Results    
 The following table sets forth operating data for our same-store facilities (those properties included in the consolidated results of
operations since July 1, 2015) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We consider the following data to be meaningful as this allows for the comparison of results without the effects of acquisition or development activity.
     
   N/M Not meaningful      

(1)   
 Revenue includes rental revenue, ancillary revenue, and administrative and late fees.    

(2)   
 Property operating expenses excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization expense and acquisition expenses, but includes property management
fees.    

(4)   
 Determined by dividing the sum of the month-end occupied square feet for the applicable group of facilities for each applicable period by the sum of their month-end rentable square feet for the period.

(5)   
 Determined by dividing the aggregate realized rental revenue for each applicable period by the aggregate of the month-end occupied square feet for the period. Properties are included in the respective calculations in
their first full month of operations, as appropriate. We have excluded the realized rental revenue and occupied square feet related to parking herein for the purpose of calculating annualized rent per occupied square foot.    
      37  

Table of Contents  

  Our increase in same-store revenue of approximately $0.7 million was primarily the result of
increased average physical occupancy of approximately 4.3% and increased rent per occupied square foot of approximately 8.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Our same-store property operating expenses increased by approximately $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased repair and maintenance expenses.      Comparison of
Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       Self Storage Rental Revenue   
 Rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $30.3 million and $12.2 million, respectively. The
increase in rental revenue is primarily attributable to a full three quarters of operations for 33 properties and a partial three quarters of operations for 33 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a full three
quarters of operations for five properties and a partial three quarters of operations of 27 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect rental revenue to increase in future periods commensurate with our future
acquisition activity.     Property Operating Expenses   
 Property operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $10.9 million and $4.6 million,
respectively. Property operating expenses includes the cost to operate our facilities including payroll, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and marketing. The increase in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to a full three
quarters of operations for 33 properties and a partial three quarters of operations for 33 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a full three quarters of operations for five properties and a partial three
quarters of operations of 27 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect property operating expenses to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisitions and increases in revenue.  
  Property Operating Expenses   Affiliates   
 Property operating expenses   affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $3.8 million and
$1.5 million, respectively. Property operating expenses   affiliates includes property management fees and asset management fees. The increase in property operating expenses affiliates is primarily attributable to a full three quarters of
operations for 33 properties and a partial three quarters of operations for 33 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a full three quarters of operations for five properties and a partial three quarters of
operations of 27 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect property operating expenses   affiliates to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisitions and increases in revenue.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.1 million and $1.3
million, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of legal expenses, transfer agent fees, directors  and officers  insurance expense, an allocation of a portion of our Advisor s payroll related costs,
accounting expenses and board of directors  related costs. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to increases in accounting, transfer agent and legal costs commensurate with our increased operational
activity. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in the future as our operational activity increases, but decrease as a percentage of total revenues.  
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $16.0 million and $7.0
million, respectively. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings and site improvements at our properties. Amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets resulting from our acquisitions. The
increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily attributable to a full three quarters of operations for 33 properties and a partial three quarters of operations for 33 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to a full three quarters of operations for five properties and a partial three quarters of operations of 27 properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect depreciation and amortization expense to increase in
future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

   Acquisition Expenses - Affiliates   
 Acquisition expenses   affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $9.0 million and $2.6
million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods. We expect acquisition expenses affiliates to fluctuate commensurate with our
acquisition activities.     Other Property Acquisition Expenses   
 Other property acquisition expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.8 million and $0.5
million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods or to be acquired in future periods. We expect other property acquisition expenses to
fluctuate commensurate with our acquisition activities.     Interest Expense and Accretion of Fair Market Value of Secured Debt   
 Interest expense and the accretion of fair market value of secured debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
approximately $4.4 million and $2.1 million, respectively. We expect interest expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future debt level.  
  Interest Expense - Debt Issuance Costs   
 Interest expense - debt issuance costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.9 million and $0.4
million, respectively. The increase in debt issuance costs is attributable to the amortization of costs incurred in connection with obtaining financing for the acquisition of our self storage properties and approximately $0.8 million of costs
incurred related to the KeyBank CMBS Loan that were expensed in accordance with GAAP. We expect debt issuance costs to fluctuate commensurate with our future financing activity.  
   Same-Store Facility Results    
 The following table sets forth operating data for our same-store facilities (those properties included in the consolidated results of
operations since January 1, 2015) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We consider the following data to be meaningful as this allows for the comparison of results without the effects of acquisition or development
activity.      
   N/M Not meaningful      

(1)   
 Revenue includes rental revenue, ancillary revenue, and administrative and late fees.    

(2)   
 Property operating expenses excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization expense and acquisition expenses, but includes property management
fees.    
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

(4)   
 Determined by dividing the sum of the month-end occupied square feet for the applicable group of facilities for each applicable period by the sum of their month-end rentable square feet for the period.

(5)   
 Determined by dividing the aggregate realized rental revenue for each applicable period by the aggregate of the month-end occupied square feet for the period. Properties are included in the respective calculations in
their first full month of operations, as appropriate. We have excluded the realized rental revenue and occupied square feet related to parking herein for the purpose of calculating annualized rent per occupied square foot.    
 Our increase in same-store revenue of approximately $0.2 million was primarily the result of increased average physical occupancy of
approximately 2.4% and increased rent per occupied square foot of approximately 8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Our same-store property operating expenses increased by approximately $90,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased repair and maintenance expenses.     Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
  Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations   
 Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT,
an industry trade group, has promulgated a measure known as funds from operations, or FFO, which we believe to be an appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a REIT. The use of FFO is recommended by the REIT industry
as a supplemental performance measure. FFO is not equivalent to our net income (loss) as determined under GAAP.    We define FFO, a non-GAAP
measure, consistent with the standards established by the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as revised in February 2004, or the White Paper. The White Paper defines FFO as net income (loss) computed in accordance
with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property and asset impairment write downs, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships
and joint ventures are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s policy described above.  
 The historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings and improvements, which
implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Diminution in value may occur if such assets are not adequately maintained or repaired and renovated as required by relevant circumstances or other measures necessary to
maintain the assets are not undertaken. However, we believe that, since real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, including inflation, interest rates, the business cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations
of operating results for a REIT using historical accounting for depreciation may be less informative. In addition, in the determination of FFO, we believe it is appropriate to disregard impairment charges, as this is a fair value adjustment that is
largely based on market fluctuations and assessments regarding general market conditions which can change over time. An asset will only be evaluated for impairment if certain impairment indications exist and if the carrying value, or book value,
exceeds the total estimated undiscounted future cash flows (including net rental revenues, net proceeds on the sale of the property, and any other ancillary cash flows at a property or group level under GAAP) from such asset. Testing for impairment
is a continuous process and is analyzed on a quarterly basis. Investors should note, however, that determinations of whether impairment charges have been incurred are based partly on anticipated operating performance, because estimated undiscounted
future cash flows from a property, including estimated future net rental revenues, net proceeds on the sale of the property, and certain other ancillary cash flows, are taken into account in determining whether an impairment charge has been
incurred. While impairment charges are excluded from the calculation of FFO as described above, investors are cautioned that due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows and that we intend to have a
relatively limited term of our operations; it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges through the eventual sale of the property. To date, we have not recognized any impairments.  
 Historical accounting for real estate involves the use of GAAP. Any other method of accounting for real estate such as the fair value method
cannot be construed to be any more accurate or relevant than the comparable methodologies of real estate valuation found in GAAP. Nevertheless, we believe that the use of FFO, which excludes the impact of real estate related depreciation and
amortization and impairments, assists in providing a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to our management, and when compared year over year, reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental
rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income (loss).  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  However, FFO or modified funds from operations ( MFFO ), discussed below, should not be
construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in its applicability in evaluating our operating performance. The method utilized to evaluate the value and performance of real
estate under GAAP should be considered a more relevant measure of operational performance and is, therefore, given more prominence than the non-GAAP FFO and MFFO measures and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO.  
 Changes in the accounting and reporting rules under GAAP that were put into effect and other changes to GAAP accounting for real estate
subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, that are expensed as operating expenses under GAAP. We believe these fees and expenses
do not affect our overall long-term operating performance. Publicly registered, non-traded REITs typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity and are substantially more dynamic during their initial years of investment and operation.
The purchase of properties, and the corresponding expenses associated with that process, is a key feature of our business plan in order to generate operational income and cash flow in order to make distributions to investors. While other start-up
entities may also experience significant acquisition activity during their initial years, we believe that publicly registered, non-traded REITs are unique in that they typically have a limited life with targeted exit strategies within a relatively
limited time frame after the acquisition activity ceases. As disclosed in the prospectus for our Offering, we will use the proceeds raised in our Offering to acquire properties, and we expect to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event
( i.e. , listing of our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, a merger or sale, the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or another similar transaction) within three to five years after the completion of our
Offering, which is generally comparable to other publicly registered, non-traded REITs. Thus, we do not intend to continuously purchase assets and intend to have a limited life. The decision whether to engage in any liquidity event is in the sole
discretion of our board of directors. Due to the above factors and other unique features of publicly registered, non-traded REITs, the Investment Program Association, or the IPA, an industry trade group, has standardized a measure known as MFFO,
which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered, non-traded REITs and which we believe to be another appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a publicly registered, non-traded REIT
having the characteristics described above. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income (loss) as determined under GAAP, and MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we do not ultimately engage in a
liquidity event. We believe that, because MFFO excludes acquisition fees and expenses that affect our operations only in periods in which properties are acquired and that we consider more reflective of investing activities, as well as other
non-operating items included in FFO, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after the period in which we are acquiring our
properties and once our portfolio is in place. By providing MFFO, we believe we are presenting useful information that assists investors and analysts to better assess the sustainability of our operating performance after our Offering has been
completed and our properties have been acquired. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the publicly registered, non-traded REIT industry. Further, we believe MFFO is useful in comparing the
sustainability of our operating performance after our Offering and acquisitions are completed with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies that are not as involved in acquisition activities. Investors are
cautioned that MFFO should only be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance after our Offering has been completed and properties have been acquired, as it excludes acquisition fees and expenses that have a negative effect on
our operating performance during the periods in which properties are acquired.    We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the
IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds From Operations (the  Practice Guideline ) issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as
FFO further adjusted for the following items included in the determination of GAAP net income (loss): acquisition fees and expenses; amounts relating to straight line rents and amortization of above or below intangible lease assets and liabilities;
accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments; non-recurring impairments of real estate related investments; mark-to-market adjustments included in net income; non-recurring gains or losses included in net income from the
extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or
deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. The accretion of discounts and amortization of
premiums on debt investments, unrealized gains and losses on hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings, unrealized gains and losses resulting from consolidations, as well as other listed cash flow adjustments are adjustments made
to net income (loss) in calculating cash flows from operations and, in some cases, reflect gains or losses which are unrealized and may not ultimately be realized.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  Our MFFO calculation complies with the IPA s Practice Guideline described above. In
calculating MFFO, we exclude acquisition related expenses, the amortization of fair value adjustments related to debt, realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange holdings and the adjustments of such items related to noncontrolling
interests. The other adjustments included in the IPA s Practice Guideline are not applicable to us for the periods presented. Acquisition fees and expenses are paid in cash by us, and we have not set aside or put into escrow any specific amount
of proceeds from our Offering to be used to fund acquisition fees and expenses. We do not intend to fund acquisition fees and expenses in the future from operating revenues and cash flows, nor from the sale of properties and subsequent re-deployment
of capital and concurrent incurring of acquisition fees and expenses. Acquisition fees and expenses include payments to our Advisor and third parties. Acquisition related expenses under GAAP are considered operating expenses and as expenses included
in the determination of net income (loss) and income (loss) from continuing operations, both of which are performance measures under GAAP. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses will have negative effects on returns to investors, the
potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of other properties are generated to cover the purchase price of the property, these fees and expenses and
other costs related to such property. In the future, if we are not able to raise additional proceeds from our Offering, this could result in us paying acquisition fees or reimbursing acquisition expenses due to our Advisor, or a portion thereof,
with net proceeds from borrowed funds, operational earnings or cash flows, net proceeds from the sale of properties, or ancillary cash flows. As a result, the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations would be reduced, or we may
incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds.    Further, under GAAP, certain contemplated non-cash fair value and other
non-cash adjustments are considered operating non-cash adjustments to net income (loss) in determining cash flows from operations. In addition, we view fair value adjustments of derivatives and the amortization of fair value adjustments related to
debt as items which are unrealized and may not ultimately be realized or as items which are not reflective of on-going operations and are therefore typically adjusted for when assessing operating performance.  
 We use MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it in order to evaluate our performance against other publicly registered, non-traded REITs
which intend to have limited lives with short and defined acquisition periods and targeted exit strategies shortly thereafter. As noted above, MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance if we do not continue to
operate in this manner. We believe that our use of MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it allow us to present our performance in a manner that reflects certain characteristics that are unique to publicly registered, non-traded REITs, such as
their limited life, limited and defined acquisition period and targeted exit strategy, and hence that the use of such measures may be useful to investors. For example, acquisition fees and expenses are intended to be funded from the proceeds of our
Offering and other financing sources and not from operations. By excluding expensed acquisition fees and expenses, the use of MFFO provides information consistent with management s analysis of the operating performance of the properties.
Additionally, fair value adjustments, which are based on the impact of current market fluctuations and underlying assessments of general market conditions, but can also result from operational factors such as rental and occupancy rates, may not be
directly related or attributable to our current operating performance. By excluding such charges that may reflect anticipated and unrealized gains or losses, we believe MFFO provides useful supplemental information.  
 Presentation of this information is intended to provide useful information to investors as they compare the operating performance of different
REITs, although it should be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO and MFFO the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and
should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations, which is an indication of our liquidity, or indicative
of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other measurements as an indication of our performance. MFFO may be useful in assisting
management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods, and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability
of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, the SEC, NAREIT or another regulatory body may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the publicly registered, non-traded REIT industry and we would have to
adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO. The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to FFO and MFFO for each of the periods presented below:  
   
   As discussed above, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 have been significantly impacted by our acquisitions during the first, second and third quarters of each year. The information below should be read in conjunction with the discussion regarding the acquisitions above.  

(1)   
 Net loss attributable to Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 included approximately $1.6 million and $4.3 million, respectively, in
distributions to Preferred Unitholders in our Operating Partnership and approximately $0.3 million and $1.1 million, respectively, in accretion of preferred equity costs. As of December 31, 2015, we had redeemed all of the Preferred Units.

(2)   
 In evaluating investments in real estate, we differentiate the costs to acquire the investment from the operations derived from the investment. Such information would be comparable only for publicly registered,
non-traded REITs that have generally completed their acquisition activity and have other similar operating characteristics. By excluding expensed acquisition related expenses, we believe MFFO provides useful supplemental information that is
comparable for each type of real estate investment and is consistent with management s analysis of the investing and operating performance of our properties. Acquisition fees and expenses include payments to our Advisor and third parties.
Acquisition related expenses under GAAP are considered operating expenses and as expenses included in the determination of net income (loss) and income (loss) from continuing operations, both of which are performance measures under GAAP. All paid
and accrued acquisition fees and expenses will have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of other
properties are generated to cover the purchase price of the property, these fees and expenses and other costs related to such property.    

(3)   
 This represents the difference between the stated interest rate and the estimated market interest rate on assumed notes as of the date of acquisition. Such amounts have been excluded from MFFO because we believe MFFO
provides useful supplementary information by focusing on operating fundamentals, rather than events not related to our normal operations. We are responsible for managing interest rate risk and do not rely on another party to manage such risk.
   
      43  

Table of Contents  

   Non-cash Items Included in Net Loss:   
 Provided below is additional information related to selected non-cash items included in net loss above, which may be helpful in assessing our
operating results:      
    Cash Flows   
 A comparison of cash flows for operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as
follows:      
   Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
approximately $2.1 million and $1.4 million, respectively, a change of approximately $0.6 million. The change in cash used in our operating activities is primarily the result of an increase in net loss, excluding depreciation and amortization, of
approximately $3.5 million (primarily the result of increased acquisition expense of approximately $8.6 million), offset by a change in working capital of approximately $3.0 million.  
 Cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $466.2 million and
$135.5 million, respectively, an increase in the use of cash of approximately $330.6 million. The change in cash used in investing activities primarily relates to cash consideration paid of approximately $454.4 million for our acquisitions during
the first three quarters of 2016, compared to $133.0 million for the purchase of our acquisitions during the first three quarters of 2015.  
 Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $452.2 million and
$137.0 million, respectively, an increase in the cash provided of approximately $315.2 million. The change in cash provided by financing activities was comprised of approximately $203.3 million more in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock
and by approximately $158.1 million more in net proceeds from the issuance of debt, offset by approximately $38.3 million less in net proceeds from the issuance of preferred equity in our Operating Partnership.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
   Short-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 We generally expect that we will meet our short-term operating liquidity requirements from the combination of proceeds of our Offering,
proceeds from secured or unsecured financing from banks or other lenders, net cash provided by property operations and advances from our Advisor which will be repaid, without interest, as funds are available after meeting our current liquidity
requirements, subject to the limitations on reimbursement set forth in our Advisory Agreement with our Advisor. Per the Advisory Agreement, all advances from our Advisor shall be reimbursed no less frequently than monthly, although our
Advisor has indicated that it may waive such a requirement on a month-by-month basis. The organizational and offering costs associated with the Offering will initially be paid by us or our Advisor. Our Advisor must reimburse us within 60
days after the end of the month in which the Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross
offering proceeds from the Primary Offering. Operating cash flows are expected to increase as properties are added to our portfolio.  
   Distribution Policy    
 On September 19, 2016, our board of directors declared a distribution rate for the fourth quarter of 2016 of $0.00163934426 per day per
share on the outstanding shares of common stock payable to both Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books at the close of business on each day during the period, commencing on October 1, 2016 and
continuing on each day thereafter through and including December 31, 2016. Such distributions payable to each stockholder of record during a month will be paid on such date of the following month as our Chief Executive Officer may determine.
   Currently, we are making distributions to our stockholders using proceeds of the Offering in anticipation of future cash flow. As such,
this reduces the amount of capital we will ultimately invest in properties. Because substantially all of our operations will be performed indirectly through our Operating Partnership, our ability to pay distributions depends in large part on our
Operating Partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund cash distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to
fund the distributions or make the distributions out of net proceeds from the Offering. Though we presently intend to pay only cash distributions, and potentially stock distributions, we are authorized by our charter to pay in-kind distributions of
readily marketable securities, distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in accordance with the terms of the charter or distributions that meet all of the following
conditions: (a) our board of directors advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property; (b) our board of directors offers each stockholder the election of receiving such
 in-kind  distributions; and (c) in-kind distributions are only made to those stockholders who accept such offer.  
 During our Offering, when we may raise capital more quickly than we acquire income-producing assets, and for some period after our Offering,
we may not be able to pay distributions from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid in part from debt financing or from proceeds from our Offering.  
 Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our
operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to raise and invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real
estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  Distributions are paid to our stockholders based on the record date selected by our board of
directors. We currently declare and pay distributions monthly based on daily declaration and record dates so that investors may be entitled to distributions immediately upon purchasing our shares. We expect to continue to regularly pay distributions
unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions, or other factors inhibit us from doing so. Distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, which will be directed, in
substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Our board of directors may increase, decrease or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid at any time. Distributions will be made on all
classes of our common stock at the same time. The per share amount of distributions on Class A Shares and Class T Shares will likely differ because of different allocations of class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T
Shares will likely be lower than distributions on Class A Shares because Class T Shares are subject to ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The funds we receive from operations that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of
factors, including the following:      

the amount of time required for us to invest the funds received in the Offering;        

our operating and interest expenses;        

the amount of distributions or dividends received by us from our indirect real estate investments;        

our ability to keep our properties occupied;        

our ability to maintain or increase rental rates;        

construction defects or capital improvements;        

capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures;        

the issuance of additional shares; and        

financings and refinancings.      The following shows our distributions and the sources of such
distributions for the respective periods presented:      
   From our inception through September 30, 2016, we paid cumulative distributions of approximately $23.0
million, as compared to cumulative negative FFO of approximately $14.1 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred distributions of approximately $15.1 million, as compared to a negative FFO of approximately $5.7 million
which reflects acquisition related expenses of approximately $11.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred distributions of approximately $3.6 million, as compared to a negative FFO of approximately $5.8 million which
reflects acquisition related expenses of approximately $3.1 million. The payment of distributions from sources other than FFO may reduce the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense
as a result of borrowed funds.    We must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income each year in order to meet the
requirements for being treated as a REIT under the Code. Our directors may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as they deem appropriate. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year,
distributions  
      46  

Table of Contents  

may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period, but may be made in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and may be made in advance
of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. To allow for such differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses, and the effect of required debt payments, among other things, we
could be required to borrow funds from third parties on a short-term basis, issue new securities, or sell assets to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. We are not
prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by
increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash, which could reduce the value of our stockholders  investment in our shares. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of investors  capital.  
 We have not been able to and may not be able to pay distributions from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid
in part from debt financing or from proceeds from the issuance of common stock in our Primary Offering and pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The payment of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the
amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds.  
 Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our
operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to raise and invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real
estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations.  
   Indebtedness      As
of September 30, 2016, our total indebtedness was approximately $284 million, which included approximately $137 million in fixed rate debt, $148 million in variable rate debt and approximately $2 million in debt premium less approximately $3
million in debt issuance costs.      Long-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 On a long-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for property acquisitions, either directly or through entity interests, for the
payment of operating expenses and distributions, and for the payment of interest on our outstanding indebtedness, if any.    Long-term
potential future sources of capital include proceeds from our Offering, secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, issuance of equity instruments and undistributed funds from operations. To the extent we are not able to secure
requisite financing in the form of a credit facility or other debt, we will be dependent upon proceeds from the issuance of equity securities and cash flows from operating activities in order to meet our long-term liquidity requirements and to fund
our distributions.      Contractual Obligations    
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016:  

(1)   
 Interest expense for fixed rate debt was calculated based upon the contractual rate and the interest expense on variable rate debt was calculated based on the rate in effect on September 30, 2016.

(2)   
 Amount represents principal payments only, excluding debt premium.    
      47  

Table of Contents  

   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships. Such entities are often referred to as
structured finance or special purpose entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of
unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding to any such entities.     Subsequent Events   
 Please see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report.  
  Seasonality     We believe that we will
experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of our facilities, which we believe will be slightly higher over the summer months due to increased moving activity.  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Market risk includes risks
that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business plan, we expect that the primary market risk to
which we will be exposed is interest rate risk and to a lesser extent, foreign currency risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund acquisition, expansion,
and financing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our
objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter
into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes.    As of September 30, 2016, our total indebtedness was
approximately $284 million, which included approximately $137 million in fixed rate debt, $148 million in variable rate debt and approximately $2 million in debt premium less approximately $3 million in debt issuance costs. As of
December 31, 2015, our total indebtedness was approximately $23 million, which included approximately $10 million in variable rate debt, approximately $12.4 million in fixed rate debt, approximately $0.8 million in debt premium, less
$0.2 million in debt issuance costs. Our debt instruments were entered into for other than trading purposes. Changes in interest rates have different impacts on the fixed and variable debt. A change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts
its fair value but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on variable debt could impact the interest incurred and cash flows and its fair value. If the underlying rate of the related index on our variable rate
debt were to increase by 100 basis points, the increase in interest would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $1.5 million annually.  
 Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These
analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty
of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.    The
following table summarizes future debt maturities and average interest rates on our outstanding debt as of September 30, 2016:      

48  

Table of Contents  

  Currently, our only foreign exchange rate risk comes from our Canadian properties and the
Canadian Dollar ( CAD ). Our existing foreign currency hedge mitigates our foreign currency exposure of our net CAD denominated investments; however, we generate all of our revenues and expend essentially all of our operating expenses and
third party debt service costs in CAD. As a result of fluctuations in currency exchange, our cash flows and results of operations could be affected.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting     There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       None.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       The following should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set
forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    The risk factor captioned  We established the
offering price on an arbitrary basis; as a result, the actual value of your investment may be substantially less than what you pay,  and the risk factor caption beginning  We will be required to disclose an estimated value per share of our
common stock prior to, or shortly after, the conclusion of this offering, and such estimated value per share may be lower than the purchase price you pay for shares of our common stock in this offering,  are hereby deleted in their entirety and
replaced with the following:      We have incurred a net loss to date, have an accumulated deficit, and we anticipate that our
operations may not be profitable in 2016.      We incurred a net loss of approximately $21.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Our accumulated deficit was approximately $39.3 million as of September 30, 2016. Given that we are still in our acquisition stage of development, we anticipate that our operations will not be profitable in 2016.  
   We have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations; therefore, we will have fewer
funds available for the acquisition of properties, and our stockholders  overall return may be reduced.      In the event we do
not have enough cash from operations to fund our distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities, or sell assets in order to fund the distributions or make the distributions out of net proceeds from our offering. We are not prohibited from
undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. From our inception through September 30, 2016, the payment of distributions has been paid
from offering proceeds. If we continue to pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, we will have fewer funds available for acquiring properties, which may reduce our stockholders  overall returns. Additionally, to the
extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, a stockholder s basis in our stock may be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize a capital gain.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

    We may only calculate the value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, you may
not be able to determine the net asset value of your shares on an ongoing basis during this offering.      On April 8, 2016, our
board of directors approved an estimated value per share for our Class A shares and Class T shares of $10.09. Our board of directors approved this estimated value per share pursuant to recent amendments to rules promulgated by FINRA, which
require us to disclose an estimated per share value of our shares based on a valuation no later than 150 days following the second anniversary of the date on which we break escrow in our offering. When determining the estimated value per share from
and after 150 days following the second anniversary of breaking escrow in our offering and annually thereafter, there are currently no SEC, federal and state rules that establish requirements specifying the methodology to employ in determining an
estimated value per share; provided, however, that the determination of the estimated value per share must be conducted by, or with the material assistance or confirmation of, a third-party valuation expert or service and must be derived from a
methodology that conforms to standard industry practice.    We intend to use this estimated per share value of our shares until the next net
asset valuation approved by our board of directors, which we are required to approve at least annually. We may not calculate the net asset value per share for our shares more than annually. Therefore, you may not be able to determine the net asset
value of your shares on an ongoing basis during this offering.    In determining our estimated value per share, we primarily relied upon a
valuation of our portfolio of properties as of December 31, 2015. Valuations and appraisals of our properties are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value upon the sale of such properties, therefore our
estimated net asset value per share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties.    For the
purposes of calculating the estimated value per share, an independent third party appraiser valued our properties as of December 31, 2015. The valuation methodologies used to value our properties involved certain subjective judgments. Ultimate
realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of our advisor and independent appraiser. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset
would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our properties and our investments in real estate related assets may not correspond to the timely
realizable value upon a sale of those assets. Because the price you will pay for shares in this offering is primarily based on the estimated net asset value per share, you may pay more than realizable value when you purchase your shares or receive
less than realizable value for your investment when you sell your shares.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         

(a) 
 None.        

(b) 
 On January 10, 2014, our initial Offering (SEC File No. 333-190983) for a maximum of 110 million shares of common stock, consisting of 100 million shares for sale to the public and 10 million
shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan was declared effective by the SEC. On September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now offering two classes of shares of common stock: Class A common stock,
$0.001 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ) and Class T common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ). As of September 30, 2016, we had issued approximately 42 million Class A Shares and
approximately 5 million Class T Shares for gross proceeds of approximately $427 million and approximately $49 million, respectively. From this amount, we incurred approximately $44.6 million in selling commissions and dealer manager fees (of
which approximately $32.9 million was re-allowed to third party broker-dealers), and approximately $4.6 million in other organization and offering costs. With the net offering proceeds and indebtedness, we acquired approximately $651 million in
self storage facilities and made the other payments reflected under  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  in our consolidated statements of cash flows included in this report.    

(c) 
 Our share redemption program enables our stockholders to have their shares redeemed by us, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described in our prospectus. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we received redemption requests for approximately $1.1 million, of which approximately $730,000 was redeemed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with the remainder redeemed in October 2016.

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION         

(a) 
 During the third quarter of 2016, there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K which was not disclosed in a report on Form 8-K.    

(b) 
 During the third quarter of 2016, there were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.    

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       The exhibits required to be filed with this report are set forth on the
Exhibit Index hereto and incorporated by reference herein.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX   
 The following exhibits are included in this report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (and are numbered in
accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).      

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
    Description    

3.1 
    
   First Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 31, 2014, Commission File   No. 333-190983   

3.2 
    
 Articles of Amendment of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 28, 2015, Commission
File No. 333-190983  

3.3 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 28, 2015,
Commission File No. 333-190983  

3.4 
    
 Bylaws of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on September 4, 2013, Commission File No. 333-190983  

4.1 
    
 Form of Subscription Agreement and Subscription Agreement Signature Page (included as Appendix A to prospectus), incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11,
filed on April 11, 2016, Commission File No. 333-190983  

31.1* 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2* 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1* 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2* 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101* 
    
 The following Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. financial information for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss (iv) Consolidated Statement of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

* 
 Filed herewith.    
      52  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

STRATEGIC STORAGE TRUST II, INC.  
 (Registrant)   

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael S. McClure   

Michael S. McClure  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and Treasurer and duly authorized officer   
 
      53  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d261109dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, H. Michael Schwartz, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ H. Michael Schwartz   

H. Michael Schwartz  

President, CEO and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d261109dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Michael S. McClure, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael S. McClure   

Michael S. McClure  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d261109dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. (the  Company ), in connection with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that:  

(i) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ H. Michael Schwartz   

H. Michael Schwartz  

President, CEO and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d261109dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
Strategic Storage Trust II, Inc. (the  Company ), in connection with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that:  

(i) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael S. McClure   

Michael S. McClure  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001585389-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001585389-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001585389-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001585389-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001585389-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001585389-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

