<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1006269_0001144204-16-131730_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6521382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133257</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>321001</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1601959</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2975917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1394396</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131730.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104161112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LORAL SPACE & COMMUNICATIONS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				870748324
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14180
		FILM NUMBER:		161975285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		565 FIFTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126971105

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		565 FIFTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LORAL SPACE & COMMUNICATIONS LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131730.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451018_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Commission file number 1-14180  

Loral Space   Communications Inc.  

565 Fifth Avenue  

  New York, New York 10017  

  Telephone: (212) 697-1105  

Jurisdiction of incorporation: Delaware  

IRS identification number: 87-0748324  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by a check
mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes     No     

As of October 28, 2016,
21,427,078 shares of the registrant s voting common stock and 9,505,673 shares of the registrant s non-voting common
stock were outstanding. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Page
    No.    
 
        PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1: Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item 2:  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      25   

Item 3:  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      40   

Item 4:  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
      41   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1:  Legal Proceedings   
      42   

Item 1A:  Risk Factors   
      42   

Item 6:  Exhibits   
      43   

Signatures   
      44   

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial Statements   

    LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1. Organization and Principal Business  

Loral Space  
Communications Inc., together with its subsidiaries ( Loral,  the  Company,   we,   our 
and  us ) is a leading satellite communications company engaged, through our ownership interests in affiliates, in
satellite-based communications services. 

Description of Business  

Loral has one operating
segment consisting of satellite-based communications services. Loral participates in satellite services operations through its
ownership interest in Telesat Holdings Inc. which owns Telesat Canada, a global satellite services operator. We refer, as the context
requires, to each or both of Telesat Holdings Inc. and Telesat Canada as  Telesat.  Telesat owns and leases a satellite
fleet that operates in geosynchronous earth orbit approximately 22,000 miles above the equator. In this orbit, satellites remain
in a fixed position relative to points on the earth s surface and provide reliable, high-bandwidth services anywhere in their
coverage areas, serving as the backbone for many forms of telecommunications. 

Loral holds a 62.7%
economic interest and a 32.7% voting interest in Telesat (see Note 6). We use the equity method of accounting for our ownership
interest in Telesat. 

2. Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) and, in our opinion, include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair
presentation of results of operations, financial position and cash flows as of the balance sheet dates presented and for the periods
presented. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to SEC rules. We believe that the disclosures made are adequate to keep the information presented from being misleading.
The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for the full year. 

The December 31, 2015
balance sheet has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. These condensed consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in our latest Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 

Discontinued Operations

On November 2, 2012,
Loral completed the sale (the  Sale ) of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Space Systems/Loral, LLC (formerly known as Space
Systems/Loral, Inc.) ( SS/L ), to MDA Communications Holdings, Inc. ( MDA Holdings ), a subsidiary of MacDonald,
Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. ( MDA ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ), dated
as of June 26, 2012, as amended on October 30, 2012 and March 28, 2013, by and among Loral, SS/L, MDA and MDA Holdings, Loral agreed
to indemnify MDA and its affiliates from (1) liabilities with respect to certain pre-closing taxes; and (2) certain damages and
legal expenses stemming from a lawsuit (the  ViaSat Suit ) brought in 2012 by ViaSat, Inc. ( ViaSat ) against
Loral and SS/L (see Note 14). 

Adjustments to amounts
previously reported in discontinued operations and interest expense that are directly related to the Sale are classified as discontinued
operations in the statements of operations and cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Investments in Affiliates  

Ownership interests in Telesat and XTAR,
LLC ( XTAR ) are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Income and losses of affiliates are recorded
based on our beneficial interest. Our equity in net income or loss also reflects amortization of profits eliminated, to the extent
of our economic interest in Telesat and XTAR, on satellites we constructed for them while we owned SS/L and on Loral s sale
to Telesat in April 2011 of its portion of the payload on the ViaSat-1 satellite and related assets. Equity in losses of affiliates
is not recognized after the carrying value of an investment, including advances and loans, has been reduced to zero, unless guarantees
or other funding obligations exist. The Company monitors its equity method investments for factors indicating other-than-temporary
impairment. An impairment loss is recognized when there has been a loss in value of the affiliate that is other-than-temporary.
As discussed in Note 6, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an increase in our equity in net income of
affiliates of $3.0 million ($1.8 million net of tax), which represents our proportionate share of equity in net income of Telesat
that should have been recognized in prior periods. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the amount of income (loss) reported for the period. Actual results could materially differ from estimates. 

Significant estimates
also included the allowances for doubtful accounts, income taxes, including the valuation of deferred tax assets, the fair value
of liabilities indemnified and our pension liabilities. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had $42.7 million of cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include liquid investments, primarily
money market funds, with original maturities of less than 90 days at the time of purchase. Management determines the appropriate
classification of its investments at the time of purchase and at each balance sheet date. 

Concentration of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments
which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and receivables.
Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained with high-credit-quality financial institutions. As a result, management believes
that its potential credit risks are minimal. 

Fair Value Measurements  

U.S. GAAP defines fair
value as the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants. U.S. GAAP also establishes a fair value hierarchy
that gives the highest priority to observable inputs and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three levels of the fair
value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1:  Inputs
represent a fair value that is derived from unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets
at the measurement date. 

Level 2:  Inputs
represent a fair value that is derived from quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are
observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities,
and pricing inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable
as of the reporting date. 

Level 3:  Inputs
are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use
in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques that include option pricing
models, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  

The following table
presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The carrying amount of cash equivalents
approximates fair value as of each reporting date because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

The asset resulting
from the indemnification of SS/L is for certain pre-closing taxes and reflects the excess of payments since inception over the
estimated liability, which was originally determined using the fair value objective approach. The estimated liability for indemnifications
relating to Globalstar do Brasil S.A. ( GdB ), originally determined using expected value analysis, is net of payments
since inception. 

The Company does not
have any non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Non-recurring Basis  

We review the carrying
values of our equity method investments when events and circumstances warrant and consider all available evidence in evaluating
when declines in fair value are other-than-temporary. The fair values of our investments are determined based on valuation techniques
using the best information available and may include quoted market prices, market comparables and discounted cash flow projections.
An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the investment exceeds its current fair value and is determined to
be other-than-temporary. 

Contingencies  

Contingencies by their
nature relate to uncertainties that require management to exercise judgment both in assessing the likelihood that a liability has
been incurred as well as in estimating the amount of potential loss, if any. We accrue for costs relating to litigation, claims
and other contingent matters when such liabilities become probable and reasonably estimable. Such estimates may be based on advice
from third parties or on management s judgment, as appropriate. Actual amounts paid may differ from amounts estimated, and
such differences will be charged to operations in the period in which the final determination of the liability is made. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230) , a consensus of the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force. The new guidance is intended to reduce
diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance relevant to the Company
provides an accounting policy election for classifying distributions received from equity method investments. Such amounts can
be classified using (i) a cumulative earnings approach, or (ii) a nature of distribution approach. Under the cumulative earnings
approach, an investor compares the distributions received to such investor s cumulative equity method earnings since inception.
Any distributions received up to the amount of cumulative equity earnings are considered a return on investment and classified
in operating activities. Any excess distributions are considered a return of investment and classified in investing activities.
Alternatively, under the nature of distribution approach, an investor classifies the distributions based on the nature of activities
of the investee that generated the distribution. If the necessary information is subsequently not available for an investee to
determine the nature of the activities, the entity should use the cumulative earnings approach for that investee and report a change
in accounting principle on a retrospective basis. The new guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with earlier
application permitted in any interim or annual period, using a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of ASU No. 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU No. 2016-09 simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences. Under the new guidance,
all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payment transactions should be recognized in the current period
as discrete adjustments to income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. Under previous U.S. GAAP, excess tax benefits
were recognized in additional paid-in capital while tax deficiencies were recognized first as an offset to accumulated excess tax
benefits, then as additional income tax expense. Also, under previous U.S. GAAP, excess tax benefits were not recognized until
the related income tax deduction reduced income taxes payable. The new guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017,
with earlier application permitted in any interim or annual period. Upon adoption, previously unrecognized excess tax benefits
will be recognized as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU
No. 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB amended the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) by creating ASC Topic 842,  Leases.  ASC Topic 842
requires a lessee to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a lease term greater than 12 months.
The main difference between previous U.S. GAAP and ASC Topic 842 is the recognition under ASC 842 of lease assets and lease liabilities
by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP. The new guidance, effective for the Company
on January 1, 2019, with earlier application permitted, is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In January 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items.  ASU 2015-01 simplifies income statement
classification by removing the concept of extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP. Under previous U.S. GAAP, an entity was required
to separately disclose extraordinary items, net of tax, in the income statement after income from continuing operations if an event
or transaction was of unusual nature and occurred infrequently. This separate, net-of-tax presentation (and corresponding earnings
per share impact) is no longer allowed. The requirement to separately present items that are of unusual nature or occur infrequently
on a pre-tax basis within income from continuing operations has been retained. The new guidance also requires similar separate
presentation of items that are both unusual and infrequent. The guidance, effective for the Company on January 1, 2016, did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued a new standard   ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern  - that will explicitly require management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. According to the new
standard, substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists if it is probable that the entity
will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date the entity s financial statements
are issued. In order to determine the specific disclosures, if any, that would be required, management will need to assess if substantial
doubt exists, and, if so, whether its plans will alleviate such substantial doubt. The new standard requires assessment each annual
and interim period and will be effective for the Company on December 31, 2016 with earlier application permitted. We do not expect
this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

Additional Cash Flow Information   

The following represents
non-cash activities and supplemental information to the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

3. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   

The components of accumulated
other comprehensive loss, net of tax, are as follows (in thousands): 

The components of other
comprehensive income and related tax effects are as follows (in thousands): 

(a)  Reclassifications are included in general and administrative expenses.   

(b)  See Note 6 for discussion of our share of Telesat other comprehensive income (loss).   

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

4. Receivables  

In connection with
the Sale, Loral received a three-year promissory note in the principal amount of $101 million (the  Land Note ). Loral
received the final principal payment under the Land Note of $33.7 million on March 31, 2015. Interest on the Land Note ranged from
1.0% to 1.5%. 

5. Other Current Assets  

Other current assets
consists of (in thousands): 

6. Investments in Affiliates  

Investments in affiliates
consist of (in thousands): 

Equity in net income
(loss) of affiliates consists of (in thousands): 

Telesat   

As of September 30,
2016, we held a 62.7% economic interest and a 32.7% voting interest in Telesat. Our economic interest decreased from 62.8% to 62.7%
in March 2016 when certain Telesat employees exercised share appreciation rights related to a total of 178,642 stock options granted
under Telesat s share-based compensation plan and received 129,400 non-voting participating preferred shares.  Also
in March 2016, a total of 1,253,477 vested stock options were repurchased at fair value from Telesat management personnel and other
employees for total cash consideration of CAD 24.7 million, of which CAD 18.7 million was paid to management personnel. 

We use the equity method
of accounting for our majority economic interest in Telesat because we own 32.7% of the voting stock and do not exercise control
by other means to satisfy the U.S. GAAP requirement for treatment as a consolidated subsidiary. We have also concluded that Telesat
is not a variable interest entity for which we are the primary beneficiary. Loral s equity in net income or loss of Telesat
is based on our proportionate share of Telesat s results in accordance with U.S. GAAP and in U.S. dollars. Our proportionate
share of Telesat s net income or loss is based on our economic interest as our holdings consist of common stock and non-voting
participating preferred shares that have all the rights of common stock with respect to dividends, return of capital and surplus
distributions, but have no voting rights. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

As of December 31,
2015, we had an unrecorded equity loss in Telesat of $57.9 million, the amount by which our share of Telesat s losses together
with cash distributions we received from Telesat exceeded our recorded cumulative equity in net income of Telesat and our initial
investment. Accordingly, in following the equity method of accounting, our investment balance in Telesat was reduced to zero as
of December 31, 2015. In addition, our equity in Telesat s other comprehensive income that we could not record as of December
31, 2015 was $20.8 million. We recognized this $57.9 million equity loss and our $20.8 million share in the equity of Telesat s
other comprehensive income in the first quarter of 2016 as a result of the recognition of the suspended loss. 

In addition, during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an increase in equity in net income of affiliates of $3.0 million ($1.8 million
net of tax) that should have been recognized in prior periods. As a result, earnings per share (basic and diluted) increased $0.06
per share. These non-cash adjustments, which were identified and provided by Telesat in connection with its June 30, 2016 closing
process, related primarily to an error in mark-to-market accounting for embedded foreign exchange derivatives in a Telesat customer
contract. Changes in fair value of these embedded derivatives are required to be recognized under U.S. GAAP, but not under International
Financial Reporting Standards, the basis of accounting used by Telesat. The Company has not revised previous financial statements
for these adjustments based on its belief that the effect of such adjustments is not material to the financial statements taken
as a whole. There were no corrections of prior period items during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The ability of Telesat
to pay dividends or certain other restricted payments as well as consulting fees in cash to Loral is governed by applicable covenants
in Telesat s debt and shareholder agreements. Under Telesat s credit agreement and the indenture for Telesat s
6% senior notes, dividends or certain other restricted payments may be paid only if there is a sufficient capacity under a restricted
payment basket, which is based on a formula of cumulative consolidated EBITDA less 1.4 times cumulative consolidated interest expense.
Under the 6% senior note indenture and credit agreement, Telesat is generally permitted to pay consulting fees to Loral in cash
(see Note 15).  

The contribution of
Loral Skynet, a wholly owned subsidiary of Loral prior to its contribution to Telesat in 2007, was recorded by Loral at the historical
book value of our retained interest combined with the gain recognized on the contribution. However, the contribution was recorded
by Telesat at fair value. Accordingly, the amortization of Telesat fair value adjustments applicable to the Loral Skynet assets
and liabilities is proportionately eliminated in determining our share of the net income or losses of Telesat. Our equity in net
income or loss of Telesat also reflects amortization of profits eliminated, to the extent of our economic interest in Telesat,
on satellites we constructed for Telesat while we owned SS/L and on Loral s sale to Telesat in April 2011 of its portion
of the payload on the ViaSat-1 satellite and related assets. 

The following table
presents summary financial data for Telesat in accordance with U.S. GAAP and in U.S. dollars, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 and as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

The Telesat balance
sheet data shown above as of December 31, 2015 has been restated for adoption on January 1, 2016 of ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . As a result of this restatement, total assets and long-term debt, including current
portion, each decreased by approximately $18.1 million. 

Telesat had capital
expenditures of $153.2 million and $57.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

XTAR   

We own 56% of XTAR,
a joint venture between us and Hisdesat Servicios Estrategicos, S.A. ( Hisdesat ) of Spain. We account for our ownership
interest in XTAR under the equity method of accounting because we do not control certain of its significant operating decisions.
We have also concluded that XTAR is not a variable interest entity for which we are the primary beneficiary. 

XTAR owns and operates
an X-band satellite, XTAR-EUR, located at 29  E.L., which is designed to provide X-band communications services exclusively
to United States, Spanish and allied government users throughout the satellite s coverage area, including Europe, the Middle
East and Asia. XTAR also leases 7.2 72MHz X-band transponders on the Spainsat satellite located at 30  W.L., owned by Hisdesat.
These transponders, designated as XTAR-LANT, provide capacity to XTAR for additional X-band services and greater coverage and flexibility. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of our investment in XTAR was zero as a result of the decline in its fair value
that was determined to be other-than-temporary. The value of our investment in XTAR was determined based on the income approach
by discounting projected annual cash flows to their present value using a rate of return appropriate for the risk of achieving
the projected cash flows. In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $8 million primarily as a result of
an increase in the discount rate used to value our investment in XTAR. We recorded an additional impairment charge of $13.2 million
in the fourth quarter of 2015 primarily due to the reassessment of our revenue expectations for future years dictated by a decline
in XTAR s revenues by approximately 11% from 2014 to 2015. Beginning January 1, 2016, we discontinued providing for our allocated
share of XTAR s net losses as our investment has been reduced to zero and we have no commitment to provide further financial
support to XTAR. 

XTAR s lease
obligation to Hisdesat for the XTAR-LANT transponders (the  Transponder Service ) requires payment by XTAR up to a
maximum amount of $28 million per year through the end of the useful life of the satellite which is estimated to be in 2021. Under
the lease agreement (the  Spainsat Lease Agreement ), Hisdesat may also be entitled under certain circumstances to
a share of the revenues generated on the Transponder Service. In September 2016, XTAR and Hisdesat amended the Spainsat Lease Agreement
to, among other things, reduce for 2016 and 2017 the minimum capacity required to be leased by XTAR, and accordingly lease payments
by XTAR for 2016 and 2017 were reduced from $26 million to $18.2 million. The 2016 reduction was retroactive to January 1, 2016.
In March 2009, XTAR entered into an agreement with Hisdesat pursuant to which the past due balance on XTAR-LANT transponders of
$32.3 million as of December 31, 2008, together with a deferral of $6.7 million in payments due in 2009, is payable to Hisdesat
over 12 years through annual payments of $5 million (the  Catch Up Payments ). XTAR has a right to prepay, at any time,
all unpaid Catch Up Payments discounted at 9%. Cumulative amounts paid to Hisdesat for Catch-Up Payments through September 30,
2016 were $29.2 million. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, XTAR has deferred payment of liabilities of $24.6 million
and $17.7 million, respectively, for its lease obligation and Catch-Up Payments to Hisdesat. XTAR has also agreed that XTAR s
excess cash balance (as defined) will be applied towards making limited payments on future lease obligations, as well as payments
of other amounts owed to Hisdesat, Telesat and Loral for services provided by them to XTAR. The ability of XTAR to pay dividends
and management fees in cash to Loral is governed by XTAR s operating agreement (see Note 15). 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

The following table
presents summary financial data for XTAR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

(1)  During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, pursuant to the Spainsat Lease Agreement, as amended, XTAR recorded a $6 million reduction
in transponder lease charges of which $4 million relates to the six months ended June 30, 2016. 

Other   

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held various indirect ownership interests in two foreign companies that currently serve
as exclusive service providers for Globalstar service in Mexico and Russia. The Company accounts for these ownership interests
using the equity method of accounting. Loral has written-off its investments in these companies, and, because we have no future
funding requirements relating to these investments, there is no requirement for us to provide for our allocated share of these
companies  net losses. 

7. Other Current Liabilities  

Other current liabilities
consists of (in thousands): 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

8. Income Taxes  

The following summarizes
our income tax (provision) benefit on the loss from continuing operations (in thousands): 

Following the Sale,
to the extent that profitability from operations is not sufficient to realize the benefit from our remaining net deferred tax assets,
we would generate sufficient taxable income from the appreciated value of our Telesat investment, which currently has a nominal
tax basis, in order to prevent federal net operating losses from expiring and realize the benefit of all remaining deferred tax
assets. 

The following summarizes
amounts for uncertain tax positions ( UTPs ) included in our income tax (provision) benefit (in thousands): 

As of September 30,
2016, we had unrecognized tax benefits relating to UTPs of $72 million. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to
income taxes in income tax expense on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2016, we have accrued approximately $7.4 million and
$6.4 million for the payment of potential tax-related interest and penalties, respectively. 

Subject to certain
limited exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax examinations by tax authorities
for years prior to 2011. Earlier years related to certain foreign jurisdictions remain subject to examination. Various federal,
state and foreign income tax returns are currently under examination. However, to the extent allowed by law, the tax authorities
may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses were generated and carried forward, and make adjustments
up to the amount of the net operating loss carryforward. While we intend to contest any future tax assessments for UTPs, no assurance
can be provided that we would ultimately prevail. During the next twelve months, the statute of limitations for assessment of additional
tax will expire with regard to certain UTPs related to our state income tax returns filed for 2011, potentially resulting in a
$3.9 million reduction to our unrecognized tax benefits. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for the Sale, we are obligated to indemnify
SS/L for taxes related to periods prior to the closing of the transaction. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

The following summarizes
the changes to our liabilities for UTPs included in long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 

As of September 30,
2016, if our positions are sustained by the taxing authorities, the Company s income tax provision from continuing operations
would be reduced by approximately $31.3 million. Other than as described above, there were no significant changes to our UTPs during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and we do not anticipate any other significant changes to our unrecognized tax
benefits during the next twelve months. 

9. Long-Term Liabilities  

Long-term liabilities
consists of (in thousands): 

10. Stock-Based Compensation  

Stock Plans  

The Loral amended and
restated 2005 stock incentive plan (the  Stock Incentive Plan ) which allowed for the grant of several forms of stock-based
compensation awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonuses
and other stock-based awards, had a ten-year term and has expired. The Company granted 75,262 restricted stock units under the
Stock Incentive Plan that do not expire and remained unconverted as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

11. Earnings Per Share  

Telesat has awarded
employee stock options, which, if exercised, would result in dilution of Loral s economic ownership interest in Telesat from
62.7% to approximately 61.8%. 

The following table
presents the dilutive impact of Telesat stock options on Loral s reported income from continuing operations for the purpose
of computing diluted earnings per share (in thousands): 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

Telesat stock options
are excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine
months ended September, 2015 as the effect would have been antidilutive. 

Basic income per share
is computed based upon the weighted average number of share of voting and non-voting common stock outstanding. The following is
the computation of common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (in thousands): 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the following unconverted restricted stock units
are excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share as the effect would have been antidilutive (in thousands): 

12. Pensions and Other Employee Benefit Plans  

The following tables
provide the components of net periodic cost included in general and administrative expenses for our qualified retirement plan (the
 Pension Benefits ) and health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees and dependents (the  Other
Benefits ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

Effective
January 1, 2015, retiree medical coverage for retirees age 65 or over and their dependents was discontinued. In January 2015, the
Company made discretionary one-time payments to eligible participants to assist them in purchasing alternate coverage. In August
2015, the Company made discretionary one-time payments of $0.8 million to other participants to settle the remaining liability
for retiree medical coverage applicable to benefits at age 65 and later. The effect on pension expense for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2015 of the one-time payments to eligible participants is included in the table
above as recognition due to settlement.   

13.
Financial Instruments, Derivative Instruments and Hedging  

Financial Instruments  

The carrying amount
of cash equivalents approximates fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

Foreign Currency  

We are subject to the
risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To limit this foreign exchange rate exposure, we attempt
to denominate all contracts in U.S. dollars. Where appropriate, derivatives are used to minimize the risk of foreign exchange rate
fluctuations to operating results and cash flows. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

Derivatives and Hedging Transactions  

There were no derivative
instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

14. Commitments and Contingencies  

Financial Matters   

In the fourth quarter
of 2012, we sold our former subsidiary, SS/L, to MDA pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
we are obligated to indemnify MDA from (1) liabilities with respect to certain pre-closing taxes; and (2) certain litigation costs
and litigation damages relating to the ViaSat Suit. Our condensed consolidated balance sheets include an indemnification refund
receivable of $2.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This receivable represents Loral s payments to
date net of the estimated fair value of the liability for our indemnification of SS/L for certain pre-closing taxes. The final
amounts for indemnification claims related to pre-closing taxes have not yet been determined. Where appropriate, we intend vigorously
to contest the underlying tax assessments, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful. Although no assurance can
be provided, we do not believe that these tax-related matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
results of operations. For a discussion of the ViaSat Suit and our indemnification obligations related thereto, see Legal Proceedings,
below. 

In connection with
the sale in 2008 by Loral and certain of its subsidiaries and DASA Globalstar LLC to Globalstar Inc. of their respective interests
in GdB, the Globalstar Brazilian service provider, Loral agreed to indemnify Globalstar Inc. and GdB for certain GdB pre-closing
liabilities, primarily related to Brazilian taxes. Our condensed consolidated balance sheets include liabilities of $1.0 million
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, for indemnification liabilities relating to the sale of GdB. 

See Note 15 
Related Party Transactions    Transactions with Affiliates     Telesat  for commitments and contingencies
relating to our agreement to indemnify Telesat for certain liabilities and our arrangements with ViaSat and Telesat. 

Legal Proceedings   

ViaSat  

Under the terms of
the Purchase Agreement, Loral agreed to indemnify MDA and its affiliates from certain damages in the ViaSat Suit brought in 2012
by ViaSat against Loral and SS/L. In September 2014, Loral, SS/L and ViaSat entered into a settlement agreement ( the Settlement
Agreement ) pursuant to which the ViaSat Suit and an additional patent infringement and breach of contract lawsuit brought
by ViaSat against SS/L in September 2013 were settled. Loral was also released by MDA, MDA Holdings and SS/L from indemnification
claims relating to the ViaSat lawsuits under the Purchase Agreement. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

The terms of the Settlement
Agreement provide, among other things, for payment by Loral and SS/L to ViaSat on a joint and several basis of $100 million, $40
million of which was paid in September 2014 in connection with entering into the Settlement Agreement, with the remaining $60 million
payable with interest in ten equal quarterly installments of $6.9 million from October 15, 2014 through January 15, 2017. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total principal and interest payable by Loral and SS/L to ViaSat, on a joint and
several basis, was $13.5 million and $32.4 million, respectively. 

Following a mediation
session held on December 1, 2014, Loral and MDA entered into an agreement titled  MDA/Loral Dispute Resolution  dated
December 1, 2014 (the  Allocation Agreement ), pursuant to which Loral and MDA agreed that Loral will be responsible
for $45 million, and MDA and SS/L will be responsible for $55 million, of the $100 million litigation settlement with ViaSat. 

As of September 30,
2016, Loral has paid $40.5 million, including interest, toward the ViaSat settlement. Pursuant to the Allocation Agreement, Loral
paid ViaSat $2.8 million in October 2016 and is obligated to make  one  additional payment
to ViaSat in January 2017 of $2.8 million inclusive of interest at 3.25% per year. Our condensed consolidated balance sheets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include indemnification liabilities related to the ViaSat Settlement Agreement of $5.5
million and $13.5 million, respectively. As Loral s payment obligations to ViaSat are on a joint and several basis with MDA
and SS/L, if MDA and SS/L were to default on all or part of their payment obligations to ViaSat, Loral would be obligated to pay
ViaSat any amounts not paid by MDA and SS/L. 

Other Litigation  

We are not currently
subject to any legal proceedings that, if decided adversely, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
results of operations. In the future, however, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted,
that may arise in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. 

15. Related Party Transactions  

MHR Fund Management LLC   

Mark H. Rachesky, President
of MHR Fund Management LLC ( MHR ), and Janet T. Yeung, a principal and the General Counsel of MHR, are members of
Loral s board of directors. Hal Goldstein, a former managing principal of MHR, was a member of the Loral Board until May
2015. 

Various funds affiliated
with MHR and Dr. Rachesky held, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 39.9% and 38.0%, respectively, of
the outstanding voting common stock and 58.4% and 57.1%, respectively, of the combined outstanding voting and non-voting common
stock of Loral. 

Transactions with Affiliates   

Telesat  

As described in Note
6, we own 62.7% of Telesat and account for our ownership interest under the equity method of accounting. 

In connection with
the acquisition of our ownership interest in Telesat (which we refer to as the Telesat transaction), Loral and certain of its subsidiaries,
our Canadian co-owner, Public Sector Pension Investment Board ( PSP ) and one of its subsidiaries, Telesat Holdings
Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Telesat Canada, and MHR entered into a Shareholders Agreement (the  Shareholders
Agreement ). The Shareholders Agreement provides for, among other things, the manner in which the affairs of Telesat and
its subsidiaries will be conducted and the relationships among the parties thereto and future shareholders of Telesat. The Shareholders
Agreement also contains an agreement by Loral not to engage in a competing satellite communications business and agreements by
the parties to the Shareholders Agreement not to solicit employees of Telesat or any of its subsidiaries. Additionally, the Shareholders
Agreement details the matters requiring the approval of the shareholders of Telesat (including veto rights for Loral over certain
extraordinary actions) and provides for preemptive rights for certain shareholders upon the issuance of certain capital shares
of Telesat. The Shareholders Agreement also (i) restricts the ability of holders of certain shares of Telesat to transfer such
shares unless certain conditions are met or approval of the transfer is granted by the directors of Telesat, (ii) provides for
a right of first offer to certain Telesat shareholders if a holder of equity shares of Telesat wishes to sell any such shares to
a third party and (iii) provides for, in certain circumstances, tag-along rights in favor of shareholders that are not affiliated
with Loral if Loral sells equity shares and drag-along rights in favor of Loral in case Loral or its affiliate enters into an agreement
to sell all of its Telesat equity securities. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

In addition, the Shareholders
Agreement provides for either PSP or Loral to initiate the process of conducting an initial public offering of the equity shares
of Telesat Holdings Inc. (a  Telesat IPO ). In connection with our exploration of strategic initiatives to alter the
status quo in our ownership of Telesat, in July 2015, we exercised our right under the Shareholders Agreement to require Telesat
to conduct a Telesat IPO. Specifically, we requested that Telesat issue not more than 25 million newly issued shares of Telesat
voting common stock. We also requested the termination of the Shareholders Agreement and the elimination of certain provisions
in Telesat s Articles of Incorporation, both of which we believe are important for a successful public offering. If those
provisions are eliminated, an impediment to the conversion of our non-voting Telesat shares to voting shares would be eliminated.
Termination or modification of the Shareholders Agreement and conversion of our non-voting shares to voting shares would enable
us, after a Telesat IPO and subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals, to obtain majority voting control of
Telesat. Telesat selected two co-managing underwriters and informed us that it will work to implement a Telesat IPO pending our
agreement with PSP on the post-IPO governance matters. To date, no such agreement has been reached. There can be no assurance as
to whether, when or on what terms a Telesat IPO, termination or modification of the Shareholders Agreement or any requested changes
to Telesat s Articles of Incorporation may occur or that any particular economic, tax, structural or other objectives or
benefits with respect to a Telesat IPO will be achieved. If a Telesat IPO is expected to proceed under unfavorable terms or at
an unfavorable price, we may withdraw our demand for a Telesat IPO. 

Depending upon the
outcome of discussions with PSP relating to Telesat strategic matters, we may assert certain claims against PSP for actions we
believe violated our rights relating to the affairs of Telesat under the Telesat Shareholders Agreement and otherwise. In response
to our claims, PSP has informed us that it believes that it may have claims against us, although we are not aware of the legal
or factual basis for any such claims. We and PSP have agreed that, pending the outcome of our discussions, it would be beneficial
to delay the commencement of any action relating to either party s claims and have entered into an agreement (the  Tolling
Agreement ) which preserves the parties  rights to assert against one another legal claims relating to Telesat. We
also included Telesat as a party to the Tolling Agreement because, as a technical matter of Canadian law and for purposes of potentially
seeking equitable relief, Telesat may be a necessary party. There can be no assurance that if the Tolling Agreement lapses that
we and PSP will not pursue legal claims against one another relating to Telesat. 

Under the Shareholders
Agreement, in the event that, except in certain limited circumstances, either (i) ownership or control, directly or indirectly,
by Dr. Rachesky of Loral s voting stock falls below certain levels other than in connection with certain specified circumstances,
including an acquisition by a Strategic Competitor (as defined in the Shareholders Agreement) or (ii) there is a change in the
composition of a majority of the members of the Loral Board of Directors over a consecutive two-year period without the approval
of the incumbent directors, Loral will lose its veto rights relating to certain extraordinary actions by Telesat and its subsidiaries.
In addition, after either of these events, PSP will have certain rights to enable it to exit from its investment in Telesat, including
a right to cause Telesat to conduct an initial public offering in which PSP s shares would be the first shares offered or,
if no such offering has occurred within one year due to a lack of cooperation from Loral or Telesat, to cause the sale of Telesat
and to drag along the other shareholders in such sale, subject to Loral s right to call PSP s shares at fair market
value. 

The Shareholders Agreement
provides for a board of directors of each of Telesat and certain of its subsidiaries, including Telesat, consisting of 10 directors,
three nominated by Loral, three nominated by PSP and four independent directors to be selected by a nominating committee comprised
of one PSP nominee, one nominee of Loral and one of the independent directors then in office. Each party to the Shareholders Agreement
is obligated to vote all of its Telesat shares for the election of the directors nominated by the nominating committee. Pursuant
to action by the board of directors taken on October 31, 2007, Dr. Rachesky, who is non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Loral, was appointed non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Telesat Holdings Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries,
including Telesat Canada. In addition, Michael B. Targoff, Loral s Vice Chairman, serves on the board of directors of Telesat
Holdings Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including Telesat Canada. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

On October 31, 2007,
Loral and Telesat entered into a consulting services agreement (the  Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms
of the Consulting Agreement, Loral provides to Telesat certain non-exclusive consulting services in relation to the business of
Loral Skynet which was transferred to Telesat as part of the Telesat transaction as well as with respect to certain aspects of
the satellite communications business of Telesat. The Consulting Agreement has a term of seven years with an automatic renewal
for an additional seven-year term if Loral is not then in material default under the Shareholders Agreement. Upon expiration of
the initial term on October 31, 2014, the Consulting Agreement was automatically renewed for the additional seven-year term. In
exchange for Loral s services under the Consulting Agreement, Telesat pays Loral an annual fee of $5.0 million, payable quarterly
in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year during the term of the Consulting Agreement. If
the terms of Telesat s bank or bridge facilities or certain other debt obligations prevent Telesat from paying such fees
in cash, Telesat may issue junior subordinated promissory notes to Loral in the amount of such payment, with interest on such promissory
notes payable at the rate of 7% per annum, compounded quarterly, from the date of issue of such promissory note to the date of
payment thereof. Our general and administrative expenses are net of income related to the Consulting Agreement of $1.25 million
for each of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3.8 million for each of the nine-months periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. For each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Loral received payments in cash
from Telesat, net of withholding taxes, of $3.6 million for consulting fees. We had no notes receivable from Telesat as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 related to the Consulting Agreement. 

In connection with
the acquisition of our ownership interest in Telesat in 2007, Loral retained the benefit of tax recoveries related to the transferred
assets and indemnified Telesat ( Telesat Indemnification ) for certain liabilities, including Loral Skynet s
tax liabilities arising prior to January 1, 2007. The Telesat Indemnification includes certain tax disputes currently under review
in various jurisdictions including Brazil. The Brazilian tax authorities challenged Loral Skynet s historical characterization
of its revenue generated in Brazil for the years 2003 to 2006. Telesat received and challenged, on Loral Skynet s behalf,
tax assessments from Brazil totaling approximately $2.3 million. The Company believes that Loral Skynet s filing position
will ultimately be sustained requiring no payment under the Telesat Indemnification. There can be no assurance that there will
be no future claims under the Telesat Indemnification related to tax disputes. 

Loral s employees
and retirees participate in certain welfare plans sponsored by Telesat. Loral pays Telesat an annual administrative fee of $0.1
million and reimburses Telesat for the plan costs attributable to Loral participants. 

Loral, along with Telesat,
PSP and 4440480 Canada Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Loral (the  Special Purchaser ), entered into grant
agreements (the  Grant Agreements ) with certain executives of Telesat (each, a  Participant  and collectively,
the  Participants ). Each of the Participants is or was, at the time, an executive of Telesat. 

The Grant Agreements
confirm grants of Telesat stock options (including tandem SAR rights) to the Participants and provide for certain rights, obligations
and restrictions related to such stock options, which include, among other things: (w) the possible obligation of the Special Purchaser
to purchase the shares in the place of Telesat should Telesat be prohibited by applicable law or under the terms of any credit
agreement applicable to Telesat from purchasing such shares, or otherwise default on such purchase obligation, pursuant to the
terms of the Grant Agreements; and (x) the obligation of the Special Purchaser to purchase shares upon exercise by Telesat of its
call right under Telesat s Management Stock Incentive Plan in the event of a Participant s termination of employment;
and, in the case of certain executives, (y) the right of each such Participant to require the Special Purchaser or Loral to purchase
a portion of the shares in Telesat owned by him in the event of exercise after termination of employment to cover taxes that are
greater than the minimum withholding amount; and (z) the right of each such Participant to require Telesat to cause the Special
Purchaser or Loral to purchase a portion of the shares in Telesat owned by him, or that are issuable to him under Telesat's Management
Stock Incentive Plan at the relevant time, in the event that more than 90% of Loral s common stock is acquired by an unaffiliated
third party that does not also purchase all of PSP's and its affiliates' interest in Telesat. 

The Grant Agreements
further provide that, in the event the Special Purchaser is required to purchase shares, such shares, together with the obligation
to pay for such shares, shall be transferred to a subsidiary of the Special Purchaser, which subsidiary shall be wound up into
Telesat, with Telesat agreeing to the acquisition of such subsidiary by Telesat from the Special Purchaser for nominal consideration
and with the purchase price for the shares being paid by Telesat within ten (10) business days after completion of the winding-up
of such subsidiary into Telesat. 

LORAL SPACE   COMMUNICATIONS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)  

ViaSat/Telesat  

In connection with
an agreement entered into between SS/L and ViaSat for the construction by SS/L for ViaSat of a high capacity broadband satellite
called ViaSat-1, on January 11, 2008, we entered into certain agreements, pursuant to which we invested in the Canadian coverage
portion of the ViaSat-1 satellite. Until his resignation in February 2012, Michael B. Targoff served, and another Loral director
currently serves, as a member of the ViaSat Board of Directors. 

On April 11, 2011,
Loral assigned to Telesat and Telesat assumed from Loral all of Loral s rights and obligations with respect to the ViaSat-1
satellite payload providing coverage into Canada and all related agreements. Loral also assigned to Telesat and Telesat assumed
Loral s 15-year contract with Xplornet Communications, Inc. ( Xplornet ) (formerly known as Barrett Xplore Inc.)
for delivery of high throughput satellite Ka-band capacity and gateway services for broadband services in Canada. In connection
with the assignments, Loral was entitled to receive one-half of any net revenue earned by Telesat in connection with the leasing
of certain supplemental capacity on the payload to its customers during the first four years after the commencement of service
using the supplemental capacity. Under this arrangement, which expired in December 2015, we earned approximately $0.2 million and
$0.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. We had a receivable from Telesat of nil and
$0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to this arrangement. 

Other  

As described in Note
6, we own 56% of XTAR, a joint venture between Loral and Hisdesat and account for our investment in XTAR under the equity method
of accounting. SS/L constructed XTAR s satellite, which was successfully launched in February 2005. XTAR and Loral have entered
into a management agreement whereby Loral provides general and specific services of a technical, financial and administrative nature
to XTAR. For the services provided by Loral, XTAR, until December 31, 2013, was charged a quarterly management fee equal to 3.7%
of XTAR s quarterly gross revenues. Amounts due to Loral primarily due to the management agreement as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 were $6.8 million. Beginning in 2008, Loral and XTAR agreed to defer amounts owed to Loral under this agreement,
and XTAR has agreed that its excess cash balance (as defined), will be applied at least quarterly towards repayment of receivables
owed to Loral, as well as to Hisdesat and Telesat. No cash was received under this agreement for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, and we had an allowance of $6.6 million against receivables from XTAR as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. Loral and Hisdesat have agreed to waive future management fees for an indefinite period starting January 1, 2014. 

Consulting Agreement   

On December 14, 2012,
Loral entered into a consulting agreement with Michael B. Targoff, Vice Chairman of the Company and former Chief Executive Officer
and President. Pursuant to this agreement, Mr. Targoff is engaged as a part-time consultant to the Board to assist the Board with
respect to the oversight of strategic matters relating to Telesat and XTAR. Under the agreement, Mr. Targoff receives consulting
fees of $120,000 per month and reimburses the Company for certain expenses. For each of the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, Mr. Targoff earned $360,000 and $1,080,000, respectively, in consulting fees and reimbursed Loral
net expenses of $15,750 and $47,250, respectively. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements (the  financial
statements ) included in Item 1 and our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

INDEX   

Topic    
       
       Location    
 
      Overview  
       
      Page 26   
 
      Consolidated Operating Results  
       
      Page 28   
 
      Liquidity and Capital Resources:  

Loral  
       
      Page 34   
 
      Telesat  
       
      Page 36   
 
      Contractual Obligations  
       
      Page 38   
 
      Statements of Cash Flows  
       
      Page 39   
 
      Affiliate Matters  
       
      Page 39   
 
      Commitments and Contingencies  
       
      Page 39   
 
      Other Matters  
       
      Page 39   

Loral Space   Communications
Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries ( Loral,  the  Company,   we, 
 our,  and  us ) is a leading satellite communications company engaged, through our ownership interests
in affiliates, in satellite-based communications services. 

Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

Except for the historical
information contained in the following discussion and analysis, the matters discussed below are not historical facts, but are  forward-looking
statements  as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, we or our representatives
have made and may continue to make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing, in other contexts. These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of words such as  believes,   expects,   plans,   may, 
 will,   would,   could,   should,   anticipates,   estimates, 
 project,   intend  or  outlook  or other variations of these words. These statements, including
without limitation, those relating to Telesat, are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that
are difficult to predict or quantify. Actual events or results may differ materially as a result of a wide variety of factors and
conditions, many of which are beyond our control. For a detailed discussion of these and other factors and conditions, please refer
to the Commitments and Contingencies section below and to our other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). We operate in an industry sector in which the value of securities may be volatile and may be influenced by
economic and other factors beyond our control. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  

Overview  

Business  

Loral has one operating
segment consisting of satellite-based communications services. Loral participates in satellite services operations through its
ownership interest in Telesat Holdings Inc. which owns Telesat Canada, a leading global fixed satellite services operator, with
offices and facilities around the world. We refer, as the context requires, to each or both of Telesat Holdings Inc. and Telesat
Canada as  Telesat.  Telesat provides its satellite and communication services from a fleet of satellites that occupy
Canadian and other orbital locations. 

Loral holds a 62.7%
economic interest and a 32.7% voting interest in Telesat, the world s fourth largest satellite operator with approximately
$3.4 billion of backlog as of September 30, 2016. Our economic interest decreased from 62.8% to 62.7% in March 2016 when certain
Telesat employees exercised share appreciation rights related to a total of 178,642 stock options granted under Telesat s
share-based compensation plan and received 129,400 non-voting participating preferred shares.   

At September 30, 2016,
Telesat provided satellite services to customers from its fleet of 15 in-orbit satellites. In addition, Telesat owns the Canadian
payload on the ViaSat-1 satellite, has two other geostationary satellites under construction and has an additional two prototype
Ka-band satellites under construction which will be deployed in low earth orbit ( LEO ). Telesat also manages the operations
of additional satellites for third parties. 

The satellite services
business is capital intensive and the build-out of a satellite fleet requires substantial time and investment. Once the investment
in a satellite is made, the incremental costs to maintain and operate the satellite are relatively low over the life of the satellite,
with the exception of in-orbit insurance. Telesat has been able to generate a large contracted revenue backlog by entering into
long-term contracts with some of its customers for all or substantially all of a satellite s life. Historically, this has
resulted in revenue from the satellite services business being fairly predictable. 

Telesat s desirable
orbital locations, longstanding relationships with its key customers, commitment to providing the highest level of customer service,
deep technical expertise and culture of innovation have enabled it to successfully develop its business to date. Significant revenue
backlog and long-term customer contracts protect Telesat, to a certain extent, from short-term market fluctuations. Leveraging
its strengths, Telesat believes it can profitably grow its business over time by increasing the utilization of in-orbit satellites,
including the newly launched Telstar 12 VANTAGE and, in a disciplined manner, deploying expansion satellite capacity where strong
market demand is anticipated. Telesat currently has two geostationary satellites, Telstar 18 VANTAGE and Telstar 19 VANTAGE, and
the aforementioned LEO prototype satellites under construction. We believe that Telesat is well positioned to serve its customers
and the markets in which it participates. Telesat actively pursues opportunities to develop new satellites, particularly in conjunction
with current or prospective customers who will commit to long-term service agreements prior to the time the satellite construction
contract is signed. However, while Telesat regularly pursues these opportunities, it does not procure additional or replacement
satellites until it believes there is a demonstrated need and a sound business plan for such satellite capacity. For the remainder
of 2016, Telesat remains focused on increasing the utilization of its existing satellites, the construction of its new satellites,
and identifying and pursuing opportunities to expand its satellite fleet, all while maintaining operating discipline. 

Telesat s operating
results are subject to fluctuations as a result of exchange rate variations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately
51% of Telesat s revenues, 40% of its operating expenses, 88% of its interest expense and a majority of its capital expenditures
were denominated in U.S. dollars. The most significant impact of variations in the exchange rate is on the U.S. dollar denominated
debt financing. As of September 30, 2016, Telesat s U.S. dollar denominated debt totaled $2.6 billion. As of September 30,
2016, the effect of a five percent increase (decrease) in the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar would have increased (decreased)
Telesat s net income by approximately $116 million. This analysis assumes all other variables, in particular interest rates,
remain constant. 

Sale of SS/L  

On November 2, 2012,
Loral completed the sale (the  Sale ) of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Space Systems/Loral, LLC (formerly known as Space
Systems/Loral, Inc.) ( SS/L ), to MDA Communications Holdings, Inc. ( MDA Holdings ), a subsidiary of MacDonald,
Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. ( MDA ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ), dated
as of June 26, 2012, as amended on October 30, 2012 and March 28, 2013, by and among Loral, SS/L, MDA and MDA Holdings, Loral agreed
to indemnify MDA and its affiliates from certain damages in a lawsuit (the  ViaSat Suit ) brought in 2012 by ViaSat,
Inc. ( ViaSat ) against Loral and SS/L. In September 2014, Loral, SS/L and ViaSat entered into a settlement agreement
(the  Settlement Agreement ) pursuant to which the ViaSat Suit and an additional patent infringement and breach of
contract lawsuit brought by ViaSat against SS/L in September 2013 were settled. Loral was also released by MDA, MDA Holdings and
SS/L from indemnification claims relating to the ViaSat lawsuits under the Purchase Agreement. The terms of the Settlement Agreement
provide, among other things, for payment by Loral and SS/L to ViaSat on a joint and several basis of $100 million, $40 million
of which was paid in September 2014 in connection with entering into the Settlement Agreement, with the remaining $60 million payable
with interest in ten equal quarterly installments of $6.9 million from October 15, 2014 through January 15, 2017. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total principal and interest payable by Loral and SS/L to ViaSat, on a joint and several basis,
was $13.5 million and $32.4 million, respectively. 

Following a mediation
session held on December 1, 2014, Loral and MDA entered into an agreement titled  MDA/Loral Dispute Resolution  dated
December 1, 2014 (the  Allocation Agreement ), pursuant to which Loral and MDA agreed that Loral will be responsible
for $45 million, and MDA and SS/L will be responsible for $55 million, of the $100 million litigation settlement with ViaSat. 

As of September 30,
2016, Loral has paid $40.5 million, including interest, toward the ViaSat settlement. Pursuant to the Allocation Agreement, Loral
paid ViaSat $2.8 million in October 2016 and is obligated to make one additional payment to ViaSat in January 2017 of $2.8 million
inclusive of interest at 3.25% per year (see Note 14 to the financial statements). 

General  

Our principal asset
is our majority ownership interest in Telesat. In an effort to maximize shareholder value, we have been exploring, and are in discussions
with PSP regarding, potential strategic transactions to alter the status quo in our ownership of Telesat. Subject to market conditions
and the cooperation of PSP, we continue to explore the combination of Loral and Telesat into one public company and/or the sale
of Loral in connection with a sale of Telesat. Also, as described more fully below, we have exercised our right to require that
Telesat initiate a public offering, and we may further pursue this right in the event a combination transaction or a sale of Telesat
is not likely to be achievable in a timely manner on satisfactory terms. There can be no assurance as to whether or when we will
be able to conclude any strategic transaction or that any strategic initiatives or transaction involving Telesat or Loral may occur,
or that any particular economic, tax, structural or other objectives or benefits with respect to any initiative or transaction
involving Telesat or Loral s interest therein will be achieved. 

In addition, we have
been and are continuing to explore a cash distribution by Telesat to its shareholders (and, in turn, a cash distribution by Loral
to our stockholders). With our and PSP s support, Telesat has announced that it intends to complete a cash distribution of
up to $400 million to its shareholders, our portion of which would be up to approximately $250 million. The completion of any such
cash distribution is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the successful implementation of certain internal
restructuring transactions at Telesat which require regulatory approval. If completed, the Telesat cash distribution is expected
to take place in the first quarter of 2017, and we would then determine the amount to be distributed to our stockholders. There
can be no assurance that any cash distribution will be paid by Telesat or by us or, if paid, as to the amount and timing of any
such payments. 

As mentioned above,
we have the right under the Telesat Shareholders Agreement to require Telesat to conduct an initial public offering of its equity
shares (a  Telesat IPO ), and, in July 2015, we exercised this right. Specifically, we requested that Telesat issue
not more than 25 million newly issued shares of Telesat voting common stock. We also requested the termination of the Shareholders
Agreement and the elimination of certain provisions in Telesat s Articles of Incorporation, both of which we believe are
important for a successful public offering. If those provisions are eliminated, an impediment to the conversion of our non-voting
Telesat shares to voting shares would be eliminated. Termination or modification of the Shareholders Agreement and conversion of
our non-voting shares to voting shares would enable us, after a Telesat IPO and subject to the receipt of any necessary regulatory
approvals, to obtain majority voting control of Telesat. Telesat selected two co-managing underwriters and informed us that it
will work to implement a Telesat IPO pending our agreement with PSP on the post-IPO governance matters. To date, no such agreement
has been reached. In the event a combination transaction or a sale of Telesat as described above is not likely to be achievable
in a timely manner on satisfactory terms, we may further pursue our right to a Telesat IPO. There can be no assurance as to whether,
when or on what terms a Telesat IPO, termination or modification of the Shareholders Agreement or any requested changes to Telesat s
Articles of Incorporation may occur or that any particular economic, tax, structural or other objectives or benefits with respect
to a Telesat IPO will be achieved. If a Telesat IPO is expected to proceed under unfavorable terms or at an unfavorable price,
we may withdraw our demand for a Telesat IPO. 

Depending upon the
outcome of the strategic initiatives discussed above, we may assert certain claims against PSP for actions we believe violated
our rights relating to the affairs of Telesat under the Telesat Shareholders Agreement and otherwise. In response to our claims,
PSP has informed us that it believes that it may have claims against us, although we are not aware of the legal or factual basis
for any such claims. We and PSP have agreed that, pending the outcome of our discussions relating to Telesat, it would be beneficial
to delay the commencement of any action relating to either party s claims and have entered into an agreement (the  Tolling
Agreement ) which preserves the parties  rights to assert against one another legal claims relating to Telesat. We
also included Telesat as a party to the Tolling Agreement because, as a technical matter of Canadian law and for purposes of potentially
seeking equitable relief, Telesat may be a necessary party. There can be no assurance that if the Tolling Agreement lapses that
we and PSP will not pursue legal claims against one another relating to Telesat. 

Loral may, from time
to time, explore and evaluate other possible strategic transactions and alliances which may include joint ventures and strategic
relationships as well as business combinations or the acquisition or disposition of assets. In order to pursue certain of these
opportunities, additional funds are likely to be required. There can be no assurance that we will enter into additional strategic
transactions or alliances, nor do we know if we will be able to obtain the necessary financing for transactions that require additional
funds on favorable terms, if at all. 

In connection
with the acquisition of our ownership interest in Telesat in 2007, Loral has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions described
in the Shareholders Agreement, for so long as Loral has an interest in Telesat, it will not compete in the business of leasing,
selling or otherwise furnishing fixed satellite service, broadcast satellite service or audio and video broadcast direct to home
service using transponder capacity in the C-band, Ku-band and Ka-band (including in each case extended band) frequencies and the
business of providing end-to-end data solutions on networks comprised of earth terminals, space segment, and, where appropriate,
networking hubs. 

Consolidated Operating Results  

See  Critical Accounting
Matters  in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and Note 2 to the financial statements. 

Changes in Critical
Accounting Policies    There have been no changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared With Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

The following compares
our consolidated results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as presented in our financial statements: 

General and Administrative
Expenses   

General and administrative
expenses increased by $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to $0.2 million of income earned during the three months ended September 30, 2015 under the ViaSat revenue
share arrangement which expired in December 2015 (see Note 15 to the financial statements). 

Other Expense   

Other expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was related to strategic initiatives. See Overview    General . 

Income Tax (Provision) Benefit   

For
the three months ended September 30, our income tax (provision) benefit is summarized as follows: (i) for 2016, we recorded a current
tax provision of $0.7 million and a deferred tax provision of $8.2 million, resulting in a total provision of $8.9 million on a
pre-tax loss from continuing operations of $1.9 million and (ii) for 2015, we recorded a current tax provision  of $0. 5
million and a deferred tax benefit of $37.4 million, resulting in a net benefit of $36.9 million on a pre-tax loss from continuing
operations of $1.8 million.  

Our income tax (provision)
benefit for each period is computed by applying an expected annual effective tax rate against the loss from continuing operations
before income taxes and equity in net income (loss) of affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (after
adjusting for certain tax items that are discrete to each period). This amount is then reduced by the tax provision recorded for
the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. The projected income tax (provision) benefit for the full year used in the computation
of our expected annual effective tax rate includes a tax provision on the projected equity in net income of Telesat for 2016 and
a tax benefit on the projected equity in net loss of Telesat for 2015. Equity in net income (loss) of Telesat is included on the
condensed consolidated statements of operations below the line for income tax (provision) benefit. As a result, our expected annual
effective tax rate is in excess of 100% of the pre-tax loss from continuing operations creating a tax provision for 2016 and a
substantial tax benefit for 2015. 

Following the Sale,
to the extent that profitability from operations is not sufficient to realize the benefit from our remaining net deferred tax assets,
we would generate sufficient taxable income from the appreciated value of our Telesat investment, which currently has a nominal
tax basis, in order to prevent federal net operating losses from expiring and realize the benefit of all remaining deferred tax
assets. 

Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Affiliates   

Loral s equity
in net income of Telesat is based on our proportionate share of Telesat s results in accordance with U.S. GAAP and in U.S.
dollars. The amortization of Telesat fair value adjustments applicable to the Loral Skynet assets and liabilities acquired by Telesat
in 2007 is proportionately eliminated in determining our share of the net income of Telesat. Our equity in net income of Telesat
also reflects amortization of profits eliminated, to the extent of our economic interest in Telesat, on satellites we constructed
for Telesat while we owned SS/L and on Loral s sale to Telesat in April 2011 of its portion of the payload on the ViaSat-1
satellite and related assets. 

Summary financial information
for Telesat in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
and in Canadian dollars ( CAD ) and U.S. dollars ( $ ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 follows (in thousands): 

Telesat s revenue
decreased by $15.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015
due primarily to short-term enterprise services provided to another satellite operator in the third quarter of 2015 that did not
recur in the third quarter of 2016, lower enterprise revenue from customers in the energy and resource sector, a reduction in broadcast
services for one customer, a reduction in revenue from Canadian spectrum license fees which also resulted in a corresponding reduction
in operating expenses and lower equipment sales. 

Telesat s operating
income decreased by $19.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to the revenue decreases described above, a $5.4 million expense in the third quarter of 2016 related to
development of LEO satellites, increased depreciation expense resulting from the start of depreciation for the Telstar 12 VANTAGE
satellite which entered service in December 2015 and an increase in share-based compensation, partially offset by lower third party
satellite capacity expenses, lower depreciation expense due to the end of the useful life, for accounting purposes, of the Anik
F1 satellite in February 2016, lower Canadian spectrum license fees and lower equipment sales. 

The effect of foreign
exchange rate changes on changes in Telesat s revenue and operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015 was insignificant. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2015, the equity in losses of XTAR, our 56% owned joint venture, represent our share of XTAR losses incurred
in connection with its operations. 

Loss from Discontinued Operations, net of tax   

Adjustments to amounts
previously reported in discontinued operations and interest expense that are directly related to the Sale are classified as discontinued
operations in the statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared With Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

The following compares
our consolidated results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as presented in our financial statements: 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative
expenses decreased by $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to pension charges to XTAR of $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $0.3 million
reduction in accrued expenses, a $0.2 million reduction in postretirement benefit expense resulting from the settlement of certain
retiree medical liabilities during 2015 and a $0.1 million reduction in consulting charges, partially offset by $0.6 million of
income earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 under the ViaSat revenue share arrangement which expired in December
2015 (see Note 15 to the financial statements). 

Other Expense   

Other expense for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was related to strategic initiatives. See Overview    General . 

Income Tax (Provision) Benefit   

For the nine months
ended September 30, our income tax (provision) benefit is summarized as follows: (i) for 2016, we recorded a current tax provision
of $2.1 million and a deferred tax provision of $29.0 million, resulting in a total provision of $31.1 million on a pre-tax loss
from continuing operations of $6.1 million and (ii) for 2015, we recorded a current tax provision of $2.3 million and a deferred
tax benefit of $33.2 million, resulting in a net benefit of $30.9 million on a pre-tax loss from continuing operations of $8.5
million. 

Our income tax (provision)
benefit for each period is computed by applying an expected annual effective tax rate against the loss from continuing operations
before income taxes and equity in net income (loss) of affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (after
adjusting for certain tax items that are discrete to each period). The projected income tax (provision) benefit for the full year
used in the computation of our expected annual effective tax rate includes a tax provision on the projected equity in net income
of Telesat for 2016 and a tax benefit on the projected equity in net loss of Telesat for 2015. Equity in net income (loss) of Telesat
is included on the condensed consolidated statements of operations below the line for income tax (provision) benefit. As a result,
our expected annual effective tax rate is in excess of 100% of the pre-tax loss from continuing operations creating a substantial
tax provision for 2016 and a substantial tax benefit for 2015. 

Following the Sale,
to the extent that profitability from operations is not sufficient to realize the benefit from our remaining net deferred tax assets,
we would generate sufficient taxable income from the appreciated value of our Telesat investment, which currently has a nominal
tax basis, in order to prevent federal net operating losses from expiring and realize the benefit of all remaining deferred tax
assets. 

Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Affiliates   

The following is a reconciliation of the changes in our investment
in Telesat for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

As of December 31,
2015, we had an unrecorded equity loss in Telesat of $57.9 million, the amount by which our share of Telesat s losses together
with cash distributions we received from Telesat exceeded our recorded cumulative equity in net income of Telesat and our initial
investment. In following the equity method of accounting, our investment balance in Telesat was reduced to zero as of December
31, 2015. In addition, our equity in Telesat s other comprehensive income that we could not record as of December 31, 2015
was $20.8 million. We recognized this $57.9 million equity loss and our $20.8 million share in the equity of Telesat s other
comprehensive income in the first quarter of 2016. 

Our condensed consolidated
statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes an increase in equity in net income of affiliates
of $3.0 million ($1.8 million net of tax) that should have been recognized in prior periods. As a result, earnings per share (basic
and diluted) increased $0.06 per share. These non-cash adjustments, which were identified and provided by Telesat in connection
with its June 30, 2016 closing process, related primarily to an error in mark-to-market accounting for embedded foreign exchange
derivatives in a Telesat customer contract. Changes in fair value of these embedded derivatives are required to be recognized under
U.S. GAAP, but not under IFRS, the basis of accounting used by Telesat. The Company has not revised previous financial statements
for these adjustments based on its belief that the effect of such adjustments is not material to the financial statements taken
as a whole. There were no corrections of prior period items during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Summary financial information
for Telesat in accordance with U.S. GAAP and in Canadian dollars ( CAD ) and U.S. dollars ( $ ) for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 follows (in thousands): 

The Telesat balance
sheet data shown above as of December 31, 2015 has been restated for adoption on January 1, 2016 of ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . As a result of this restatement, total assets and long-term debt, including current
portion, each decreased by approximately $18.1 million. 

Telesat s revenue
decreased by $34.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015
due primarily to the unfavorable impact of the change in the U.S. dollar/Canadian dollar exchange rate on Canadian dollar denominated
revenue, the reduction in broadcast services for one customer, a reduction in revenue from Canadian spectrum license fees, lower
enterprise revenue from customers in the energy and resource sector and lower consulting activities, partially offset by higher
revenue from services provided to the Canadian government. Telesat s revenue excluding foreign exchange impact decreased
by $20.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Telesat s operating
income decreased by $38.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 primarily due to the revenue decrease described above, a $9.6 million expense related to development of LEO satellites, increased
depreciation expense resulting from the start of depreciation for the Telstar 12 VANTAGE satellite which entered service in December
2015, the impact of employer costs related to the repurchase of employee stock options in the first quarter of 2016, higher share-based
compensation and higher other variable compensation expenses, partially offset by the change in the U.S. dollar/Canadian exchange
rate on Canadian dollar denominated expenses, lower third party satellite capacity expenses and lower depreciation expense due
to the end of the useful lives, for accounting purposes, of the Nimiq 2 and Anik F1 satellites in February 2015 and February 2016,
respectively and lower Canadian spectrum license fees. Telesat s operating income excluding foreign exchange impact decreased
by $36.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the equity in losses of XTAR, our 56% owned joint venture, represent our share of XTAR losses incurred
in connection with its operations. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of our investment in XTAR was zero as a result of the decline in its fair value
that was determined to be other-than-temporary. The value of our investment in XTAR was determined based on the income approach
by discounting projected annual cash flows to their present value using a rate of return appropriate for the risk of achieving
the projected cash flows. In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $8 million primarily as a result of
an increase in the discount rate used to value our investment in XTAR. We recorded an additional impairment charge of $13.2 million
in the fourth quarter of 2015 primarily due to the reassessment of our revenue expectations for future years dictated by a decline
in XTAR s revenues by approximately 11% from 2014 to 2015. Beginning January 1, 2016, we discontinued providing for our allocated
share of XTAR s net losses as our investment has been reduced to zero and we have no commitment to provide further financial
support to XTAR. 

Loss from Discontinued Operations, net of tax   

Adjustments to amounts
previously reported in discontinued operations and interest expense that are directly related to the Sale are classified as discontinued
operations in the statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Backlog   

Telesat s backlog
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $3.4 billion. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Loral   

As described above,
Loral s principal asset is a 62.7% economic interest in Telesat. We also have a 56% economic interest in XTAR. The operations
of Telesat and XTAR are not consolidated but are presented using the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the fair value of our investment in XTAR was zero. 

Loral has no debt.
Telesat has third party debt with financial institutions. XTAR has no external debt other than to its LLC member, Hisdesat, for
restructured lease payments on the Spainsat satellite. XTAR is required to make payments of $5 million per year to pay down the
outstanding restructured lease balance. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, XTAR had deferred payment of liabilities
to Hisdesat of $24.6 million and $17.7 million, respectively, for lease payments, including the restructured lease payments. Loral
has not provided a guarantee for the debt of Telesat or XTAR. 

Cash is maintained
at Loral, Telesat and XTAR to support the operating needs of each respective entity. The ability of Telesat to pay dividends or
certain other restricted payments as well as consulting fees in cash to Loral is governed by applicable covenants relating to its
debt and its shareholder agreement. The ability of XTAR to pay dividends and management fees in cash to Loral is governed by its
operating agreement. 

Cash and Available
Credit  

At September 30, 2016,
Loral had $42.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and no debt. The Company s cash and cash equivalents as of September
30, 2016 decreased by $16.2 million from December 31, 2015 due primarily to corporate expenses of $4.6 million, adjusted for changes
in working capital and net of consulting fees from Telesat, $8.4 million in payments to ViaSat pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
and Allocation Agreement, payments of $1.3 million related to strategic initiatives and postretirement benefits funding of $1.9
million. A discussion of cash changes by activity is set forth in the sections,  Net Cash Used in Operating Activities, 
 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities,  and  Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities.  

Loral did not have
a credit facility as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Cash Management  

We have a cash management
investment program that seeks a competitive return while maintaining a conservative risk profile. Our cash management investment
policy establishes what we believe to be conservative guidelines relating to the investment of surplus cash. The policy allows
us to invest in commercial paper, money market funds and other similar short-term investments but does not permit us to engage
in speculative or leveraged transactions, nor does it permit us to hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. The
cash management investment policy was designed to preserve capital and safeguard principal, to meet all of our liquidity requirements
and to provide a competitive rate of return for similar risk categories of investment. The policy addresses dealer qualifications,
lists approved securities, establishes minimum acceptable credit ratings, sets concentration limits, defines a maturity structure,
requires all firms to safe keep securities on our behalf, requires certain mandatory reporting activity and discusses review of
the portfolio. We operate the cash management investment program under the guidelines of our investment policy and continuously
monitor the investments to avoid risks. 

We currently invest
our cash in several liquid Prime and Government AAA money market funds. The dispersion across funds reduces the exposure of a default
at one fund. 

Liquidity  

We believe that our
cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund projected expenditures for the next 12 months. We expect that our major cash
outlays for the next 12 months will include one remaining payment under the Allocation Agreement, payments under employee benefit
programs and general corporate expenses net of consulting fees from Telesat. 

Risks to Cash Flow

In the fourth quarter
of 2012, we sold our former subsidiary, SS/L, to MDA pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
we are obligated to indemnify MDA from (1) liabilities with respect to certain pre-closing taxes; and (2) certain litigation costs
and litigation damages relating to the ViaSat Suit. Although the ViaSat Suit has been settled and our indemnification liability
with respect thereto was determined in December 2014, the payment obligations to ViaSat are joint and several. If MDA and SS/L
were to default on all or part of their payment obligations to ViaSat, Loral would be obligated to pay ViaSat any amounts not paid
by MDA and SS/L. We also remain obligated to indemnify MDA for pre-closing taxes. The amounts of certain indemnification claims
relating to pre-closing taxes have not yet been determined. Where appropriate, we intend vigorously to contest the underlying tax
assessments, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful. Although no assurance can be provided, we do not believe
that these tax-related matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Telesat   

Cash and Available Credit  

As of September 30,
2016, Telesat had CAD 790 million of cash and short-term investments as well as approximately CAD 140 million of borrowing availability
under its revolving credit facility. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities  

Cash generated from
Telesat s operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was CAD 416 million, a CAD 95 million increase
from the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to customer prepayments and lower income taxes paid, partially
offset by cash used for the repurchase of stock options. 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities  

Cash used in Telesat s
investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was CAD 213 million. This consisted of CAD 166 million of payments
for satellite programs, CAD 42 million of payments for intangible assets and CAD 5 million of payments for property and other equipment.
Cash used in Telesat s investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was CAD 71 million. Telesat s
investing activities included CAD 64 million of expenditures on satellite programs and CAD 7 million for other property and equipment. 

Cash Flows used in Financing Activities  

Cash used in Telesat s
financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was CAD 82 million and CAD 60 million,
respectively. This was mostly related to mandatory principal repayments made on its senior secured credit facilities. 

In addition, CAD 20.9
million of cash was used by exchange rate changes. See Consolidated Operating Results   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Affiliates for exchange rates. 

Liquidity  

Telesat s revolving
credit facility ( Revolving Facility ) and term loan  A  facility ( TLA Facility ) mature on
March 28, 2017. In addition, its 6% senior notes ( Senior Notes ) mature on May 15, 2017. Telesat has announced that
it intends to issue $750 million of senior notes due 2024 (the  New Senior Notes ), and, in connection with the offering
of the New Senior Notes, to enter into a new credit facility that is expected to provide for term loan borrowings of $2,180 million
and revolving credit borrowings of up to $200 million. Telesat intends to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering of New
Senior Notes, together with the proceeds from term loan borrowings under the new credit facilities and cash on hand, to (i) redeem
its outstanding Senior Notes; (ii) repay all borrowings outstanding under its existing senior secured credit facilities; (iii)
pay related fees and expenses; and (iv) if completed, fund a $400 million cash distribution to its shareholders. There is no guarantee
that Telesat will be able to complete this refinancing or to do so upon favorable terms. 

A large portion of
Telesat s annual cash receipts are reasonably predictable because they are primarily derived from an existing backlog of
long-term customer contracts and historically high contract renewal rates. In this regard, and assuming Telesat refinances its
Revolving Facility and Senior Notes, and refinances or repays its TLA Facility, before their maturities, Telesat believes its cash
and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016, cash flow from operating activities (including customer prepayments) and available
lines of credit under its Revolving Facility will be adequate to meet expected cash requirements for at least the next 12 months
for activities in the normal course of business, including capital requirements and required interest and principal payments on
debt. 

Debt  

Telesat s debt
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

The Telesat debt shown
above as of December 31, 2015 has been restated for adoption on January 1, 2016 of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  (See Note 6 to the financial statements). 

Senior Secured
Credit Facilities   

The obligations under
the credit agreement and the guarantees of those obligations by certain of Telesat s subsidiaries are secured, subject to
certain exceptions, by first priority liens and security interest in the assets of Telesat and the guarantors. The credit agreement
contains covenants that restrict the ability of Telesat and certain of its subsidiaries to take specified actions, including, among
other things and subject to certain significant exceptions: creating liens, incurring indebtedness, making investments, engaging
in mergers, selling property, paying dividends, entering into sales-leaseback transactions, creating subsidiaries, repaying subordinated
debt or amending organizational documents. The credit agreement also requires Telesat and the guarantors to comply with a maximum
senior secured leverage ratio and contains customary events of default and affirmative covenants, including an excess cash sweep
that may require Telesat to repay a portion of the outstanding principal under its senior secured credit facilities prior to the
stated maturity. 

Each of the Telesat
senior secured credit facilities is subject to mandatory principal repayment requirements. The maturity date for each of the Telesat
senior secured credit facilities will be accelerated if Telesat s existing 6.0% senior notes due in 2017 or certain refinancing
thereof are not repurchased, redeemed, refinanced or deferred before the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date of such
notes. 

Senior Notes  

The Senior Notes, in
the amount of $900 million, bear interest at an annual rate of 6.0% and are due May 15, 2017. They include covenants or terms that
restrict Telesat s ability to, among other things, (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) incur liens, (iii) pay dividends
or make certain other restricted payments, investments or acquisitions, (iv) enter into certain transactions with affiliates, (v)
modify or cancel its satellite insurance, and (vi) effect mergers with another entity, in each case subject to exceptions provided
in the senior notes indenture. 

As of September 30,
2016, Telesat was in compliance with the financial covenants of its senior secured credit facilities and the indenture governing
its 6.0% Senior Notes. 

Debt Service Cost

An estimate of interest
expense is based upon assumptions of foreign exchange rates, LIBOR and Bankers Acceptance rates and the applicable margins of Telesat s
senior secured credit facilities and Senior Notes. Telesat s estimate excludes the impact on interest expense of interest
on derivatives or the interest related to the debt issue costs on its existing senior secured credit facilities and Senior Notes.
Telesat s interest expense for the year ending December 31, 2016 is expected to be approximately CAD 173 million. 

Derivatives   

Telesat uses, as required,
interest rate and currency derivatives to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 

As of September 30,
2016, Telesat had no outstanding interest rate swaps. Telesat had one interest rate swap to fix interest on CAD 250 million of
Canadian dollar denominated debt at a fixed rate, which matured on June 30, 2016 and another to fix interest on $300 million of
U.S. dollar denominated debt which matured on September 30, 2016. 

On July 6, 2016, Telesat
entered into four forward foreign exchange contracts which require it to pay CAD 7 million to receive 4 million British Pounds
Sterling. One of the forward foreign exchange contracts matured in September 2016. The remaining contracts mature between October
2016 and February 2017. The fair value of the forward foreign exchange contracts was insignificant as of September 30, 2016. 

Telesat also has embedded
derivatives that are accounted for separately at fair value. Embedded derivatives include those related to a prepayment option
on the Senior Notes, as well as interest rate floors on Telesat s Canadian and U.S. term loan  B  facilities.
As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the embedded derivatives related to the interest rate floors was a liability of CAD
11 million, while the fair value of the embedded derivative related to the prepayment option on the Senior Notes was insignificant.
Telesat records the non-cash changes in the fair value of these embedded derivatives on its condensed consolidated statement of
income (loss) as a gain or loss on changes in fair value of financial instruments. The prepayment option on the Senior Notes will
expire on their maturity date of May 15, 2017. The interest rate floors on Telesat s Canadian and U.S. term loan  B 
facilities will expire on their maturity date of March 28, 2019. 

Telesat also has foreign
currency embedded derivatives in its purchase contracts with suppliers and sales contracts with customers as a result of some of
these contracts being denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the substantial parties to the respective
contract. The fair value of these foreign currency embedded derivatives at September 30, 2016 was CAD 22.6 million. 

Capital Expenditures  

Telesat has entered into
contracts for the construction and launch of satellites and other capital expenditures. The outstanding commitments associated
with these contracts were approximately CAD 226 million as of September 30, 2016. These expenditures may be funded from some or
all of the following: cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operating activities, cash flows from customer prepayments or
funds available under the Revolving Facility. 

Contractual Obligations    

There have not been
any significant changes to Loral s contractual obligations as previously disclosed in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC. 

Statements of Cash Flows   

Net Cash Used in Operating
Activities   

Net cash used in operations
was $16.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net cash used in operating
activities by continuing operations was $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consisting primarily of a $7.4
million cash use attributable to income from continuing operations adjusted for non-cash operating items, a $1.4 million decrease
in pension and other postretirement liabilities and a $0.6 million decrease in accrued expenses, partially offset by a $1.7 million
increase in long-term liabilities. 

Net cash used by operating
activities from discontinued operations was $8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 representing the payments
to ViaSat pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and the Allocation Agreement. 

Net cash used in operations
was $25.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net cash used in operating
activities by continuing operations was $16.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisting primarily of a $9.8
million cash use attributable to loss from continuing operations adjusted for non-cash operating items, a $3.4 million decrease
in pension and other postretirement liabilities, a $3.1 million decrease in income taxes payable and a $0.9 million decrease in
accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 

Net cash used by operating
activities from discontinued operations was $8.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 representing $8.4 million
of payments to ViaSat pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and the Allocation Agreement and a $0.5 million pre-closing tax indemnification
payment pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities   

Net cash provided by
investing activities from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $33.7 million consisting of
the receipt of principal under the three-year promissory note received in connection with the Sale. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by
financing activities was $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisting of adjustments to tax benefits associated
with stock-based compensation. 

Affiliate Matters  

Loral has made certain
investments in joint ventures in the satellite services business that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting (see
Note 6 to the financial statements for further information on affiliate matters). 

Commitments and Contingencies  

Our business and operations
are subject to a number of significant risks, the most significant of which are summarized in Part II, Item 1A   Risk Factors
and also in Note 14 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Other Matters  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

There are no accounting
pronouncements that have been issued but not yet adopted that we believe will have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk   

Loral   

Foreign Currency   

In the normal course
of business, we are subject to the risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To limit this foreign
exchange rate exposure, the Company seeks to denominate its contracts in U.S. dollars. If we are unable to enter into a contract
in U.S. dollars, we review our foreign exchange exposure and, where appropriate, derivatives are used to minimize the risk of foreign
exchange rate fluctuations to operating results and cash flows. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative
purposes. 

Interest   

During 2016, our excess
cash was invested in money market securities; we did not hold any other marketable securities. 

Derivatives   

As a result of the
use of derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet
their contractual obligations. To mitigate the counterparty credit risk, the Company has a policy of entering into contracts only
with carefully selected major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. 

Loral had no derivative
instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Telesat   

Foreign Exchange Risk   

Telesat s operating
results are subject to fluctuations as a result of exchange rate variations to the extent that transactions are made in currencies
other than Canadian dollars. The most significant impact of variations in the exchange rate is on Telesat s U.S. dollar denominated
debt financing and cash and cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, Telesat s U.S. dollar denominated debt totaled $2.6
billion. Telesat is also exposed to foreign currency risk on anticipated transactions, such as the costs of satellite construction,
launch and acquisition. 

Telesat s main
currency exposures as of September 30, 2016 lie in its U.S. dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
trade and other payables, deferred satellite performance incentive payments and debt financing. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, approximately 51% of Telesat s revenues, 40% of its operating expenses, 88% of its interest expense
and the majority of its capital expenditures were denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, the volatility of U.S. currency may
expose Telesat to foreign exchange risks. 

As of September 30,
2016, a five percent increase (decrease) in the value of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar would have increased (decreased)
Telesat s net income by approximately $116 million. This analysis assumes all other variables, in particular interest rates,
remain constant. 

Interest Rate Risk   

Telesat is exposed
to interest rate risk on its cash and cash equivalents and on its indebtedness, a portion of which includes a variable interest
rate. Changes in the interest rates could impact the amount of interest that Telesat receives or is required to pay. 

Derivative Financial Instruments   

Telesat uses derivative
instruments to manage its exposure to foreign currency and interest rate risk. Telesat s policy is that it does not use derivative
instruments for speculative purposes. 

Tel esat
uses the following instruments, as required :   

forward currency contracts to hedge foreign currency risk on anticipated cash flows, mainly related to the construction of
satellites and interest payments;   

currency derivative instruments to hedge the foreign exchange risk on its U.S. dollar denominated debt; and   

interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related to its debt.   

Item 4.  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

(a)  Disclosure Controls
and Procedures.  Our president and our chief financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our  disclosure
controls and procedures  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act )) as of September 30, 2016, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to
ensure that information relating to Loral and its consolidated subsidiaries required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities Exchange Commission rules
and forms. 

(b)  Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting.  During  the second quarter of 2016,
we identified and disclosed a material weakness  related to the operation of internal control over financial reporting with
respect to the forecast of equity in net income of Telesat for the full year used in the calculation of the expected annual effective
income tax rate to determine our interim income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2016. This material weakness
caused an overstatement of our deferred tax provision by $6.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016. As a result, our
net income and earnings per share (basic and diluted) on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months
ended March 31, 2016 were understated by $6.9 million and $0.22 per share, respectively, and long-term deferred tax assets on the
condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 were understated by $6.9 million. Prior to filing our quarterly report
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, we initiated steps t o
remediate the material weakness described above. We enhanced and revised the design of existing controls and procedures to properly
forecast equity in net income or loss of Telesat. More specifically, we added a requirement to include additional data in our detailed
reconciliation of the Company s equity in net income or loss of Telesat. We also strengthened the requirements for documentation
of management s review of this reconciliation.  

During the third quarter
of fiscal 2016, we successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the previously identified material weakness has
been remediated. 

Except
as noted above, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting  (as defined
in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.  

OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   

ViaSat Suit  

We discuss the settlement
of the ViaSat Suit in the notes to the financial statements and refer the reader to that discussion for important information concerning
that settlement. See Note 14 to the financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for this discussion. 

Other Litigation  

We are not currently
subject to any legal proceedings that, if decided adversely, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
results of operations. In the future, however, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted,
that may arise in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

Our business and operations
are subject to a significant number of risks. The most significant of these risks are summarized in, and the reader s attention
is directed to, the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 in  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
There are no material changes to those risk factors. 

However, in that Annual
Report on Form 10-K under   Risk Factors Associated with Satellite Services   we identify one such risk
as   Telesat s in-orbit satellites may fail to operate as expected due to operational anomalies resulting in
lost revenues, increased costs and/or termination of contracts  . In September 2016, the primary gyro that is utilized
to maintain operational pointing on Telesat s Telstar 14R satellite exhibited degraded performance. The backup unit was switched
into service. A ground based system is currently being built which will provide the capability to operate without the on board
gyro. This system, which is expected to be ready in six months, will reduce the operations on the backup gyro and provide redundancy.
If the backup gyro were to fail prior to implementation of the ground based system, Telesat s ability to maintain service
could be impacted. 

The risks described
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us
or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating
results. 

Item 6.  Exhibits   

The following exhibits
are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit
31.1    Certification of President pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Exhibit
31.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
32.1    Certification of President pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Exhibit
32.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
101     Interactive Data Files 

 (101.INS) XBRL Instance Document 

 (101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 (101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document 

 (101.DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document 

 (101.LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

 (101.PRE)
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Registrant   

Loral Space   Communications Inc.   

/s/ John Capogrossi   

John Capogrossi   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    

(Principal Financial Officer)  
          and Registrant s Authorized Officer    

Date: November 4, 2016 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit
31.1    Certification of President pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Exhibit
31.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
32.1    Certification of President pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Exhibit
32.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
101     Interactive Data Files 

 (101.INS) XBRL Instance Document 

 (101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 (101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document 

 (101.DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document 

 (101.LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

 (101.PRE)
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451018_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Avi Katz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Loral Space   Communications Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Avi Katz   

Avi Katz   

President, General Counsel   Secretary    
 
 November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451018_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, John Capogrossi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Loral Space   Communications Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John Capogrossi   

John Capogrossi   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    
 
 November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451018_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Loral Space   Communications Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Avi Katz, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Avi Katz   

Avi Katz   

President, General Counsel   Secretary    
 
 November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451018_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Loral Space   Communications Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Capogrossi,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John Capogrossi   

John Capogrossi   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    
 
 November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lorl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lorl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lorl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lorl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lorl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lorl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

