<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1616707_0001616707-16-000300_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10852815</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152188</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>5924765</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1831998</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2084347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>746908</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001616707-16-000300.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108161005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001616707-16-000300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wayfair Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				364791999
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36666
		FILM NUMBER:		161981388

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 COPLEY PLACE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617 532 6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 COPLEY PLACE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001616707-16-000300.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a2016-09x30form10xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from         to       
    
  Commission File Number: 001-36666    

Wayfair Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
                   Delaware 
      
    36-4791999 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

4 Copley Place, 7  th   Floor, Boston, MA 
      
    02116 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(617) 532-6100 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x      No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   
  Yes   o   No   x 

Table of Contents  

WAYFAIR INC. 
  INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    

Page 

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  

Consolidated and Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Consolidated and Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Consolidated and Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Consolidated and Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    30 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    31 

PART 2. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    32 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    32 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    33 

Signatures  
      
    34 

1 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
    
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "could," "intends," "target," "projects," "contemplates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions.  
  Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations of future events. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be accurate, although we believe that we have been reasonable in our expectations and assumptions. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or that known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the Company s expectations and projections. Investors are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
  Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future results include the cautionary statements herein and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A,   Risk Factors   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

WAYFAIR INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED AND CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

WAYFAIR INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED AND CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

WAYFAIR INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED AND CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

WAYFAIR INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED AND CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Notes to Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

1. Basis of Presentation 
  Wayfair Inc. (the  Company ) is an e-commerce business offering visually inspiring browsing, compelling merchandising, easy product discovery and attractive prices for over   seven million   products from over   7,000   suppliers across   five   distinct brands Wayfair, Joss   Main, AllModern, DwellStudio, and Birch Lane. In addition to generating net revenue through Direct Retail sales, which includes all sales generated primarily through the Company s websites, mobile optimized websites, and mobile applications ( sites ), net revenue is also generated through sites operated by third parties and through third party advertising distribution providers that pay the Company based on the number of advertisement related clicks, actions, or impressions for advertisements placed on the Company s sites. 
  The consolidated and condensed financial statements and other disclosures contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are those of the Company. The consolidated and condensed balance sheet data as of   December 31, 2015   was derived from audited financial statements. The accompanying consolidated and condensed balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , the consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, and consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are unaudited. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the Company s financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and statements of operations, comprehensive loss, and cash flows for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The financial data and the other information disclosed in these notes to the consolidated and condensed financial statements related to these periods are unaudited. 
  The consolidated and condensed statements of operations, comprehensive loss, and cash flows for the period ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations and cash flows that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , or for any other period.  
   
  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  The Company has identified the significant accounting policies that are critical to understanding its business and results of operations. The Company believes that there have been no significant changes during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the items disclosed in Note 2,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  , of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   other than those noted below. 
  Marketable Securities 
  The Company classifies its marketable securities as "available-for-sale" securities. Available-for-sale securities are classified as short term investments and long-term investments on the consolidated balance sheets and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities that are considered temporary are recorded, net of taxes, in the "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" caption of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized losses, excluding losses related to the credit rating of the security (credit losses), on available-for-sale securities that are considered other-than-temporary but relate to securities that the Company (i) does not intend to sell and (ii) will not be required to sell below cost are also recorded, net of taxes, in "Accumulated other comprehensive loss." Further, the Company does not believe it will be required to sell such securities below cost. Therefore, the only other-than-temporary losses the Company records in "Other income, net" in its consolidated statements of operations are related to credit losses. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s available-for-sale securities consisted of investment securities. The maturities of the Company s long-term marketable securities generally range from   one   to   three   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s available-for-sale securities primarily consisted of corporate bonds and other government obligations that are priced at fair value. The cost basis of a marketable security sold is determined by the Company using the specific identification method. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization on property and equipment is calculated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 
                   Class 
      
    Range of Life  
  (In Years) 
      Furniture and computer equipment 
      
    3 to 7 
      Site and software development costs 
      
    2 
      Leasehold improvements 
      
    Lesser of useful life or lease term 
      Building 
      
    30 

Revenue Recognition 
  The Company generates net revenue through product sales generated primarily through the sites of the Company's   five   distinct brands and through sites operated by third parties. 
  The Company recognizes revenue for product sales generated through the sites of the Company's   five   distinct brands and through sites operated by third parties only when the following four criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes net revenue from sales of its products upon delivery to the customer. The Company records product revenue at the gross amount as the Company is the primary obligor with the customer and provides the primary customer service for all products sold, has latitude in establishing price and selecting products sold, has discretion in selecting suppliers of products sold, maintains inventory risk from shipment through delivery date and upon accepting returns, and has credit risk. Net revenue includes shipping costs charged to the customer and is recorded net of taxes collected from customers, which are remitted to governmental authorities. Cash discounts, returns and rebates are deducted from gross revenue in determining net revenue. In addition, the Company defers revenue when cash is collected from its customer prior to the satisfaction of the revenue recognition criteria. 
  The Company maintains a membership rewards program that allows enrolled customers to earn points which can be redeemed for future purchases. The Company defers a portion of its revenue associated with rewards that are ultimately expected to be redeemed prior to expiration. 
  The Company also earns revenue through third-party advertisers that pay based on the number of advertisement related clicks, actions, or impressions for advertisements placed on the Company's sites. Revenue earned under these arrangements is included in net revenue and is recognized in the period in which the click, action, or impression occurs. 
   
  3. Marketable Securities and Fair Value Measurements 
  Marketable Securities 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , all of the Company s marketable securities were classified as available-for-sale and their estimated fair values were   $101.2 million   and   $96.8 million  , respectively. We periodically review our available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairment. We consider factors such as the duration, severity and the reason for the decline in value, the potential recovery period, and our intent to sell. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s available-for-sale securities primarily consisted of corporate bonds and other government obligations that are priced at fair value. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment loss. The maturities of the Company s long-term marketable securities generally range from   one   to   three   years. The cost basis of a marketable security sold is determined by the Company using the specific identification method. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we did not have any realized gains or losses. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present details of the Company s marketable securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company's financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value, which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 
             
    Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
                
    Level 2 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full-term of the asset or liability 
                
    Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability 
     This hierarchy requires the Company to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The Company measures its cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments at fair value. The Company classifies its cash equivalents and restricted cash within Level 1 because the Company values these investments using quoted market prices. The fair value of the Company's Level 1 financial assets is based on quoted market prices of the identical underlying security. The Company classifies short-term and long-term investments within Level 2 because unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets are not active. The Company does not have any assets or liabilities classified as Level 3 financial assets.   
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth the fair value of the Company s financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   based on the three-tier value hierarchy (in thousands): 

4. Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
  The following table summarizes intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):    

10 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was   $0.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $0.6 million   and   $0.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Goodwill as of   September 30, 2016   was   $1.9 million  , unchanged from   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  5.     Property and Equipment, net 
  The following table summarizes property and equipment, net as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):    

  Property and equipment depreciation and amortization expense was   $15.2 million   and   $9.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $37.9 million   and   $22.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
   
  6. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Leases  
  The Company leases office and warehouse spaces under non-cancelable leases. These leases expire at various dates through 2027 and include discounted rental periods and fixed escalation clauses, which are amortized straight-line over the terms of the lease. Rent expense under operating leases was   $9.1 million   and   $3.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $23.9 million   and   $12.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company has issued letters of credit for approximately   $10.6 million   and   $5.9 million   as security for these lease agreements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company has entered into additional leases throughout the United States ("U.S.") and Europe subsequent to December 31, 2015, where the future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are $  358.5 million   in the aggregate. 
  The Company establishes assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under lease arrangements where the Company is considered the owner for accounting purposes only, or build-to-suit leases, to the extent the Company is involved in the construction of structural improvements or takes construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. Upon occupancy of facilities under build-to-suit leases, the Company assesses whether these arrangements qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. If the Company continues to be the deemed owner, the facilities are accounted for as financing leases. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

The construction of one warehouse lease arrangement was completed during the three months ended June 30, 2016, and because the Company concluded it had a letter of credit of   $1.2 million  , the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for derecognition of the building asset and liability. Therefore, the lease was accounted for as a financing obligation and   $28.9 million   was recorded in "Lease financing obligation" in the Company s unaudited consolidated and condensed balance sheets. The monthly rent payments made to the lessor under the lease agreement are recorded in the Company s financial statements as land lease expense and principal and interest on the financing obligation. Interest expense on the lease financing obligation reflects the portion of the Company's monthly lease payments that is allocated to interest expense. For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , land lease expense was   $0.1 million   and interest expense on lease financing obligation was   $0.8 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , future minimum commitments related to the financing obligation were   $2.1 million   and   $12.0 million   for principal and interest, respectively, through   September 30,   2021. 
     Collection of Sales or Other Similar Taxes 
   Based on the location of the Company s current operations, it collects and remits sales tax in Kentucky, Massachusetts, New York, Utah, California, Illinois, Texas, New Jersey, and North Carolina. The Company does not currently collect sales or other similar taxes for the sale of goods in states where no obligation to collect these taxes is required under applicable law. Several states have presented the Company with assessments, alleging that it is required to collect and remit sales or other similar taxes. The aggregate amount of claims from these states, not including taxes allegedly owed for periods subsequent to such assessments or interest and penalties after the date the Company last received such assessments, is approximately   $28.2 million  . The Company does not believe that it was obligated to collect and remit such taxes, and intends to vigorously defend its position. At this time, the Company believes a loss is not probable and therefore has not recorded a liability; however, no assurance can be given as to the outcome of these assessments. 
  Legal Matters 
  In September 2016, a putative class action complaint was filed against the Company in the Superior Court of the province of Quebec (Naomi Zouzout v. Wayfair LLC, Case No. PQ 500-06-000809-166) by an individual on behalf of herself and on behalf of all other similarly situated individuals alleging violations of various Canadian consumer protection statutes.  Among other remedies, this lawsuit seeks compensatory and punitive money damages, costs, and various fees. The Company intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously.  At this time, based on available information regarding this litigation, the Company is unable to reasonably assess the ultimate outcome of this case or determine an estimate, or a range of estimates, of potential losses. 
  From time to time the Company is involved in claims that arise during the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not currently believe that the outcome of any of these other legal matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operation or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly and time consuming, as it can divert management s attention from important business matters and initiatives, negatively impacting the Company's overall operations. In addition, the Company may also find itself at greater risk to outside party claims as it increases its operations in jurisdictions where the laws with respect to the potential liability of online retailers are uncertain, unfavorable, or unclear. 
   
  7. Equity-Based Compensation 
  In 2010, the Company established an equity incentive plan and, in 2011, the plan was amended and restated as the Wayfair LLC Amended and Restated 2010 Common Unit Plan (the  2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan was administered by the board of directors of Wayfair LLC and provided for the issuance of common option units, restricted common units (all common units), and deferred units, which currently represent Class A or Class B common stock of the Company. 
  In connection with the IPO, the board of directors of the Company adopted the 2014 Incentive Award Plan ("2014 Plan") to grant cash and equity incentive awards to eligible service providers in order to attract, motivate and retain the talent for which the Company competes. The 2014 Plan is administered by the board of directors of the Company with respect to awards to non-employee directors and by the compensation committee with respect to other participants and provides for the issuance of stock options, SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance shares, stock payments, cash payments, dividend awards and other incentives. The 2014 Plan authorizes up to   8,603,066   shares of Class A common stock to be issued, of which RSUs for   5,949,611   shares had been issued as of   September 30, 2016  . Shares or RSUs forfeited, withheld for minimum statutory tax obligations, and unexercised stock option lapses from the 2010 and 2014 Plans are available for grants of awards under the 2014 Plan. In addition, on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2016 and ending on and including January 1, 2024, the shares available for future grant are increased in accordance with the 2014 Plan. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents activity relating to stock options for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised was   $2.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and currently exercisable is   $8.1 million  . All stock options were fully vested at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The following table presents activity relating to restricted common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

The intrinsic value of restricted common stock vested was less than   $0.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Aggregate intrinsic value of restricted common stock unvested is   $2.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . Unrecognized equity based compensation expense related to restricted common stock expected to vest over time is   $1.8 million   with a weighted average remaining vesting term of   2.2 years   as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  The following table presents activity relating to RSUs for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

The intrinsic value of RSUs vested was   $58.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding is   $256.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . Unrecognized equity based compensation expense related to RSUs expected to vest over time is   $148.1 million   with a weighted average remaining vesting term of   1.7   years at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  8. Segment and Geographic Information 
  Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated on a regular basis by the Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. The Company s CODM is its Chief Executive Officer.  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

The CODM reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. As a result, the Company identified that it has   one   operating and reportable segment.  
  The following table presents the activity related to the Company s net revenue from Direct Retail sales derived through the Company s sites and Other sales derived through sites operated by third parties and fees from third-party advertising distribution providers (in thousands): 

Revenue from external customers for each group of similar products and services are not reported to the CODM. Separate identification of this information for purposes of segment disclosure is impractical, as it is not readily available and the cost to develop it would be excessive. No individual country outside of the United States provided greater than 10% of total revenue. 
  The following table presents revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands): 

(1) In the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , international net revenue included   $0.7 million   and   $5.4 million  , respectively, from our Australian business, which we sold in July 2015.     

9. Income Taxes 
  Income tax (benefit) expense was   less than $(0.1 million)   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $0.6 million   and   less than $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The income tax expense recorded in the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   is primarily related to various foreign income tax assessments, state income taxes and to a lesser extent the amortization of goodwill for tax purposes for which there is no corresponding book deduction. 
  Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts as measured by tax laws. The Company has deferred tax assets related to its net operating loss carryforwards accumulated since the fourth quarter of 2014 and related to net operating loss carryforwards of certain of its foreign subsidiaries. A valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets is required if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company reassesses the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis and has provided a valuation allowance for the full amount of its net deferred tax assets. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

The Company had   no   unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.  
   
  10. Stockholders  Equity 
  Preferred Stock 
  The Company authorized   10,000,000   shares of undesignated preferred stock,   $0.001   par value per share, for future issuance. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   shares of undesignated preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
  Common Stock 
  The Company authorized   500,000,000   shares of Class A common stock,   $0.001   par value per share, and   164,000,000   shares of Class B common stock,   $0.001   par value per share, of which   49,303,861   and   45,814,237   shares of Class A common stock and   36,100,764   and   38,496,562   shares of Class B common stock were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to   one   vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to   ten   votes per share. The Class B common stock also has approval rights over certain corporate actions. Each share of Class B common stock may be converted into   one   share of Class A common stock at the option of its holder and will be automatically converted into   one   share of Class A common stock upon transfer thereof, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, upon the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than   10%   of the aggregate number of shares of the then outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or in the event of the affirmative vote or written consent of holders of at least   66 2/3%   of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock, all outstanding shares of Class B common stock shall convert automatically into Class A common stock. Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Board may determine. Since the IPO through   September 30, 2016  ,   34,563,880   shares of Class B common stock were converted to Class A common stock.  
   
  11. Credit Agreement 
  The Company has a credit agreement with Bank of America, which was renewed on July 31, 2016. The credit agreement provides the Company with a   $20.0 million   revolving line of credit to support direct borrowings and letters of credit, provided that a maximum of   $5.0 million   may be applied to direct borrowings under the revolving line of credit, plus an additional   $45.0 million   credit card program, for a maximum aggregate commitment of   $65.0 million  . The credit agreement is renewable on an annual basis and, if not renewed, will expire on July 31, 2017. The renewed credit agreement is on substantially the same terms and conditions as the prior credit agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the credit agreement, advances under the line of credit, if any, will bear interest at the LIBOR rate, plus   1.75%  . Under the credit agreement, the Company is also required to maintain certain covenants, including debt service coverage, tangible net worth and unencumbered liquid assets, with which the Company was compliant at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company did not borrow any amounts under the credit agreement during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  12. Net Loss per Share 
  Basic and diluted net loss per share is presented using the two class method required for participating securities. Class A and Class B common stock are the only outstanding equity in the Company since our IPO in October 2014. For additional information on the rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock, see Note 10,   Stockholders' Equity  , in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1,   Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and, if dilutive, common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. The Company's common stock equivalents consist of shares issuable upon the release of restricted stock units, and to a lesser extent, the incremental shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and unvested restricted stock. The dilutive effect of these common stock equivalents is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. The Company's basic and diluted net loss per share are the same because the Company has generated net loss and common stock equivalents are excluded from diluted net loss per share because they have an antidilutive impact. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The Company allocates undistributed earnings between the classes on a one-to-one basis when computing net loss per share. As a result, basic and diluted net loss per Class A and Class B shares are equivalent. 
  The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data):    

  The following have been excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share as their effect would have been antidilutive:   

13. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Stock Compensation 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation" ("ASU 2016-09"). This ASU revises the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and an option to recognized gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases" ("ASU 2016-02"). This ASU revises the accounting related to leases by requiring lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. The new lease guidance also simplifies the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" ("ASU 2014-09"). This ASU is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU was originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption was not permitted. 
   In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date" (ASU-2015-14), which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year and permits early adoption as early as the original effective date of ASU 2014-09. Accordingly, ASU 2014-09 is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting year. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations" ("ASU 2016-08"). This ASU clarifies the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations in ASU 2014-09. This ASU is effective at the same period as ASU 2015-14 and ASU 2014-09. 
  Management is currently evaluating when to adopt the revenue recognition accounting pronouncements, which transition approach to use, and the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated and condensed financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
   Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  Wayfair,   the Company,   we,   us  or  our  refer to Wayfair Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
   
  Overview 
  Through our e-commerce business model, we offer visually inspiring browsing, compelling merchandising, easy product discovery and attractive prices for over   seven million   products from over   7,000   suppliers across   five   distinct brands Wayfair, Joss   Main, AllModern, DwellStudio and Birch Lane. We have built one of the largest online selections of furniture, d cor, decorative accents, housewares, seasonal d cor and other home goods. 
  We founded our company in May 2002 and have since delivered over 32 million orders. From 2003 to 2011, we grew our net revenue organically from $7.7 million to $517.3 million, representing a 69.2% CAGR. In late 2011, we made the strategic decision to close and permanently redirect over 240 of our niche websites into Wayfair.com to create a one-stop shop for furniture, d cor, decorative accents, housewares, seasonal d cor and other home goods and to build brand awareness, drive customer loyalty and increase repeat purchasing. We also changed our name from CSN Stores LLC to Wayfair LLC. 
  We plan to grow our customer base by attracting more unique visitors to our sites through two main strategies increasing brand awareness and expanding direct online marketing and then converting those visitors to active customers. Our online efforts are focused on building brand awareness to drive visitor traffic via direct navigation, search engine optimization and email marketing campaigns. In addition, we have made significant investments to improve the consumer experience on our sites, such as creating highly engaging visual imagery and merchandising, as well as easy-to-use navigation tools and personalization features that enable better product discovery. We plan to continue investing in our infrastructure, including enhancing our merchandising, data, analytics, and technology platform, as well as developing additional logistics and transportation solutions, self-service tools for our suppliers, fulfillment offerings and enhancing our development, testing and deployment systems. 
  Until late 2012, we were primarily focused on growing our U.S. business. In 2012, we began laying the groundwork for expanding our international business by building our international infrastructure, developing deeper country-specific knowledge, building international supplier networks and establishing our brand presence in select international regions. We currently deliver products to customers in a number of countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany. In the year ended December 31, 2015, we generated net revenue outside of the U.S. of $114.4 million or 5.1% of our total net revenue. 
  In the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated net revenue of   $861.5 million   and   $2,395.8 million  , increases of   45.0%   and   58.7%  , respectively, over the same periods in   2015  . Our net revenue in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included   $832.4 million   and   $2,299.9 million  , respectively, from Direct Retail, which we define as sales generated primarily through the sites of our five brands. Our net revenue in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included   $29.1 million   and   $95.9 million  , respectively, from Other, which we define as net revenue generated primarily online through third parties, which we refer to as our retail partners, and net revenue from media advertisers. 
  In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated   a net loss   of   $60.9 million   and Adjusted EBITDA of   $(30.8) million  ,   increase  s of   $45.5 million   and   $29.4 million  , respectively, over the same period in   2015  . Our net loss and Adjusted EBITDA results were driven primarily by our increased investment in advertising, including in Europe and Canada, and investment in headcount across our global business. For additional information about Adjusted EBITDA, our use of this measure, the limitations of this measure as an analytical tool, and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable generally accepted accounting principle ( GAAP ) financial measure, refer to   Key Financial and Operating Metrics   below.  
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
  We measure our business using both financial and operating metrics. Our net revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow metrics are measured on a consolidated basis. All other key financial and operating metrics are derived and reported from our Direct Retail sales, which includes sales generated primarily through the sites of our   five   distinct brands. These metrics do not include net revenue derived from the sites operated by our retail partners. We do not have access to certain customer level information on net revenue derived through our retail partners and therefore cannot measure or disclose it. 
  We use the following metrics to assess the near-term and longer-term performance of our overall business (in thousands, except LTM Net Revenue per Active Customer and Average Order Value):  

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we have disclosed here and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as loss before depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation and related taxes, interest and other income and expense, provision for income taxes, and non-recurring items. We have provided a reconciliation below of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  
  We have included Adjusted EBITDA in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons on a period-to-period basis. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:  
             
    Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect equity based compensation and related taxes; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in our working capital; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect depreciation and interest expenses associated with the lease financing obligation; and 
                
    Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
     Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net loss and our other GAAP results. 
  The following table reflects the reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):    

Free Cash Flow 
  To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we have also disclosed here and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash used to purchase property and equipment and site and software development costs. We have provided a reconciliation below of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
  We have included free cash flow in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because it is an important indicator of our business performance as it measures the amount of cash we generate. Accordingly, we believe that free cash flow provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management. 
  Free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including that other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate free cash flow differently. Because of these limitations, you should consider free cash flow alongside other financial performance measures, including net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, capital expenditures and our other GAAP results. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):   

Key Operating Metrics (Direct Retail) 
  Active Customers 
  As of the last date of each reported period, we determine our number of active customers by counting the total number of individual customers who have purchased at least once directly from our sites during the preceding twelve-month period. The change in active customers in a reported period captures both the inflow of new customers as well as the outflow of existing customers who have not made a purchase in the last twelve months. We view the number of active customers as a key indicator of our growth. 
  LTM Net Revenue Per Active Customer 
  We define LTM net revenue per active customer as our total net revenue derived from Direct Retail sales in the last twelve months divided by our total number of active customers for the same preceding twelve-month period. We view LTM net revenue per active customer as a key indicator of our customers' purchasing patterns, including their initial and repeat purchase behavior. 
  Orders Delivered 
  We define orders delivered as the total Direct Retail orders delivered in any period, inclusive of orders that may eventually be returned. As we ship a large volume of packages through multiple carriers, actual delivery dates may not always be available, and as such we estimate delivery dates based on historical data. We recognize net revenue when an order is delivered and therefore orders delivered, together with average order value, is an indicator of the net revenue we expect to recognize in a given period. We view orders delivered as a key indicator of our growth. 
  Average Order Value 
  We define average order value as total Direct Retail net revenue in a given period divided by the orders delivered in that period. We view average order value as a key indicator of the mix of products on our sites, the mix of offers and promotions and the purchasing behavior of our customers. 
  Factors Affecting our Performance 
  We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Growth in Brand Awareness and Visitors to our Sites 
  We intend to continue investing in our brand awareness strategy and direct online marketing efforts. In late 2011, we made a strategic decision to close and permanently redirect over 240 of our niche websites into Wayfair.com. Since late 2011, we have marketed our brands, in particular Wayfair.com, through TV advertising, display advertising, paid search advertising, social media advertising and direct mail, catalog and print advertising. We believe that attracting new visitors to our sites and converting them into customers is key to driving our net revenue growth and operating results. 
  Growth in Customer Acquisition and Customer Retention 
  Our goal is to convert visitors into active customers and then encourage repeat purchases because it increases our operating leverage since it costs more to acquire a customer than to retain one. Our continued investments in infrastructure, including enhancing our merchandising, data, analytics, and technology platform, allow us to deliver increasingly tailored and  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

personalized shopping experiences for customers across our sites. We believe our focus on a personalized shopping experience drives sales from new customers as well as repeat customers. 
  Revenue Growth Through Mobile Platform 
  Mobile is an increasingly important part of our business. We launched our mobile applications for Joss   Main in 2012, Wayfair.com in 2014, and AllModern in 2015, and all of our sites are mobile-optimized. Due to the relative newness of smartphones, tablets, and mobile shopping in general, we do not know if this increase in mobile use will continue.  
  Investment in Growth 
  We have aggressively invested in the growth of our business and this investment will continue. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially as we continue to increase our advertising spending, hire additional personnel primarily in merchandising, technology, operations, customer service and general and administrative functions and continue to develop features on our sites. We have continued to increase our office space to accommodate the anticipated growth of our headcount in our corporate headquarters and have expanded our warehouse space. These investments are expected to continue to generate losses near term and yield returns in the long term, but there is no guarantee that we will be able to realize the return on our investments. 
  Net Revenue 
  Net revenue consists primarily of sales of product from our sites and through the sites of our online retail partners and includes related shipping fees. We deduct cash discounts, allowances and estimated returns from gross revenue to determine net revenue. We recognize product revenue upon delivery to our customers. Net revenue is primarily driven by growth of new and active customers and the frequency with which customers purchase. The products offered on our sites are primarily fulfilled with product we ship to our customers directly from our suppliers and, to a lesser extent, from our fulfillment centers. We also generate net revenue through third-party advertisers that pay us based on the number of advertisement related clicks, actions, or impressions for advertisements placed on our sites. Net revenue earned under these arrangements is included in net revenue and net revenue through our third-party advertisers is recognized in the period in which the click, action or impression occurs. This revenue has not been material to date. 
  Cost of Goods Sold 
  Cost of goods sold consists of the cost of product sold to customers, shipping and handling costs and shipping supplies and fulfillment costs. Fulfillment costs include costs incurred in operating and staffing the fulfillment centers, such as costs attributed to receiving, inspecting, picking, packaging and preparing customer orders for shipment. Cost of goods sold also includes direct and indirect labor costs including equity-based compensation for fulfillment center oversight, including payroll and related benefit costs. The increase in cost of goods sold is primarily driven by growth in orders delivered, the mix of the product available for sale on our sites and transportation costs related to delivering orders to our customers. We earn rebates on our incentive programs with our suppliers. These rebates are earned upon shipment of goods. Amounts due from suppliers as a result of these rebate programs are included as a receivable and are reflected as a reduction of cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of operations. We expect cost of goods sold expenses to remain relatively stable as a percentage of net revenue but some fluctuations are expected due to the wide variety of products we sell. 
  Customer Service and Merchant Fees 
  Customer service and merchant fees consist of labor-related costs including equity-based compensation of our employees involved in customer service activities and merchant processing fees associated with customer payments made by credit cards. Increases in our customer service and merchant fees are driven by the growth in our revenue and are expected to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of revenue. 
  Advertising 
  Advertising consists of direct response performance marketing costs, such as television advertising, display advertising, paid search advertising, social media advertising, search engine optimization, comparison shopping engine advertising, direct mail, catalog and print advertising. We expect advertising expense to continue to increase but decrease as a percentage of net revenue over time due to our increasing mix of orders from repeat customers.  
  Merchandising, Marketing and Sales 
  Merchandising, marketing and sales expenses include labor-related costs including equity-based compensation for our category managers, buyers, site merchandisers, merchants, marketers and the team who executes our advertising strategy. Sales,  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

marketing and merchandising expenses are primarily driven by investments to grow and retain our customer base. We expect merchandising, marketing and sales expenses to continue to increase as we grow our net revenue. 
  Operations, Technology and General and Administrative 
  Operations, technology, general and administrative expenses primarily include labor-related costs including equity-based compensation of our operations group that lead our supply chain and logistics, our technology team, building and supporting our sites, and our corporate general and administrative, which includes human resources, finance and accounting personnel. Also included are administrative and professional service fees including audit and legal fees, insurance and other corporate expenses, including depreciation and rent. We anticipate that we will incur additional personnel expenses, professional service fees, including audit and legal, investor relations, costs of compliance with securities laws and regulations, and higher director and officer insurance costs related to operating as a public company. We expect operations, technology, general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as we grow our net revenue and operations. 
  Interest (Expense) Income, Net 
  Interest (expense) income, net consists primarily of interest expense on the lease financing obligation and interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments held by us. 
  Other Income, Net 
  Other income, net consists primarily of foreign currency gains (losses). 
   
  Results of Consolidated Operations (in thousands) 
  Comparison of the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net revenue    

In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , net revenue   increased   by   $267.6 million  , or   45.0%   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of   an increase   in Direct Retail net revenue. In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , Direct Retail net revenue   increased   by   $287.4 million  , or   52.7%   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to sales to a larger customer base, as the number of active customers   increased     60.4%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to September 30,   2015  . Additionally, LTM net revenue per active customer   increased     9.4%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to September 30,   2015  . The   $19.8 million   or   40.6%     decrease   in Other revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily due to   decreased   sales through our retail partners, as we continue to focus more on our Direct Retail business over time. 
  Cost of goods sold  

In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of goods sold   increased   by   $207.3 million  , or   45.8%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . Of the   increase   in cost of goods sold,   $165.0 million   was due to the   increase   in products sold to our larger customer base. In addition, shipping and fulfillment costs   increased     $42.3 million   as a result of the   increase   in products sold during the period. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue   increased   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of changes in the mix of the products sold. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Operating expenses   

(1) Includes equity-based compensation and related taxes as follows:   

The following table summarizes operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue, excluding equity-based compensation and related taxes: 

Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes, customer service costs and merchant processing fees   increased   by   $12.3 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the   increase   in net revenue during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Our advertising expenses   increased   by   $30.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of an increase in online and television advertising. Advertising   decreased   as a percentage of net revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to   increased leverage   from our growing base of repeat customers, and television advertising expense not increasing at the same rate as revenue growth in the United States, partially offset by advertising investments in Europe and Canada. 
  Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes, merchandising, marketing and sales expenses   increased   by   $18.3 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the   increase   in headcount to grow and retain our customer base.  
  Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes, operations, technology, general and administrative expense   increased   by   $34.7 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . As our revenue continues to grow, we have invested in headcount in both operations and technology to continue to deliver a great experience for our customers. The   increase   in operations, technology, general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to personnel costs, rent, information technology, and depreciation and amortization.  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Comparison of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net revenue    

In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net revenue   increased   by   $885.7 million  , or   58.7%   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of   an increase   in Direct Retail net revenue. In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Direct Retail net revenue   increased   by   $945.2 million  , or   69.8%   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to sales to a larger customer base, as the number of active customers   increased     60.4%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to September 30,   2015  . Additionally, LTM net revenue per active customer   increased     9.4%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to September 30,   2015  . The   $59.5 million   or   38.3%     decrease   in Other revenue in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily due to   decreased   sales through our retail partners, as we continue to focus more on our Direct Retail business over time.  
     Cost of goods sold    

  In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of goods sold   increased   by   $681.5 million  , or   59.5%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . Of the   increase   in cost of goods sold,   $552.5 million   was due to the   increase   in products sold to our larger customer base. In addition, shipping and fulfillment costs   increased     $129.0 million   as a result of the   increase   in products sold during the period. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue   increased   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of changes in the mix of the products sold. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Operating expenses   

(1) Includes equity-based compensation and related taxes as follows:   

The following table summarizes operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue, excluding equity-based compensation and related taxes: 

Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes, customer service costs and merchant processing fees   increased   by   $35.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the   increase   in net revenue during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Our advertising expenses   increased   by   $103.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of an increase in online and television advertising. Advertising   decreased   as a percentage of net revenue in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to   increased   leverage from our growing base of repeat customers, and television advertising expense not increasing at the same rate as revenue growth in the United States, partially offset by advertising investments in Europe and Canada. 
  Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes, merchandising, marketing and sales expenses   increased   by   $49.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in headcount to grow and retain our customer base.  
  Excluding the impact of equity based compensation and related taxes operations, technology, general and administrative expense   increased   by   $90.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . As our revenue continues to grow, we have invested in headcount in both operations and technology to continue to deliver a great experience for our customers. The   increase   in operations, technology, general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to personnel costs, rent, information technology, and depreciation and amortization.  
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
     Sources of Liquidity    

Historical Cash Flows    

Since our inception, we have financed our operations, capital expenditures and acquisitions primarily through cash flows generated by operations and, since 2011, also through private sales of convertible redeemable preferred stock and sales of common stock in connection with our IPO. Since inception through   September 30, 2016  , we have raised a total of approximately $646.0 million from the sale of preferred stock and common stock, net of costs and expenses associated with such financings, or approximately $453.8 million, net of repurchases of our securities and dividends paid to Series A redeemable convertible preferred stockholders. 
  On October 7, 2014, we completed our IPO of 12,650,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a public offering price of $29.00 per share, of which 10,500,000 shares were sold by us and 2,150,000 shares were sold by selling stockholders, including 1,650,000 shares pursuant to the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately $282.9 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. We used these proceeds to distribute $24.5 million of cash to our Series A redeemable convertible preferred stockholders and pay $22.6 million in minimum tax withholding obligations on the vesting of our restricted stock units upon the closing of our initial public offering. 
  We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and investments, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the foreseeable future. However, our liquidity assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. In addition, we may elect to raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity linked or debt financing arrangements. Capital expenditures were 2.8% of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015, and related primarily to additional capacity to support our supply chain infrastructure, including warehouses and our distribution network, investments in our technology and operational platform, including our mobile platform, and additional resources required to establish and expand our international operations. Capital expenditures were   3.4%   of net revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and related primarily to putting a new data center online, our ongoing investments in our technology infrastructure, and equipment purchases and improvements for leased warehouses within our expanding supply chain network. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately 4.0% of net revenue for the full year 2016, as we continue our investment in our technology infrastructure and roll out our supply chain network. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those described herein and in our other filings with the SEC, including those set forth under in Part I, Item 1A,   Risk Factors  , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our operating requirements on acceptable terms, or at all.  
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

Operating Activities 
  Cash (used in) provided by operating activities consisted of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation, and certain other non-cash expenses, as well as the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
  Cash   used in   operating activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $10.7 million   and was driven primarily by net loss of   $150.4 million   and other non-cash items of   $0.1 million  , partially offset by cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of   $66.1 million  , and certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization expense of   $38.5 million   and equity based compensation of   $35.2 million  . Operating cash flows can be volatile and are sensitive to many factors, including changes in working capital and our net loss. 
  Cash provided by operating activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was $44.8 million and was driven primarily by cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of $63.2 million, certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization expense of $23.4 million, equity based compensation of $21.7 million, and other non-cash items of $1.4 million, partially offset by net loss of $61.9 million and gain on sale of a business of $3.0 million. Operating cash flows can be volatile and are sensitive to many factors, including changes in working capital and our net loss. 
     Investing Activities 
  Our primary investing activities consisted of purchases of property and equipment, particularly purchases of servers and networking equipment, investment in our sites and software development, purchases and disposal of short-term and long-term investments, and leasehold improvements for our facilities. 
  Cash   used in   investing activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $97.2 million   and was primarily driven by purchases of property and equipment of   $81.8 million  , purchases of short-term and long-term investments of   $76.5 million  , site, and software development costs of   $21.5 million  , and other net investing activities of   $1.0 million  , partially offset by net increase in the maturity of short-term investments of   $82.1 million  , and cash received from the sale of a business (net of cash sold) of   $1.5 million  .   
  Cash used in investing activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was $109.2 million and was primarily driven by purchases of short-term and long-term investments of $141.3 million, purchases of property and equipment of $36.7 million, and site and software development costs of $13.1 million, partially offset by net increase in the maturity of short-term investments of $78.7 million, cash received from the sale of a business (net of cash sold) of $2.9 million, and other net investing activities of $0.3 million. 
  Financing Activities 
  Cash   used in   financing activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $18.3 million   and was primarily due to   $18.5 million   statutory minimum taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards, partially offset by   $0.2 million   net proceeds from exercise of stock options. 
  Cash used in financing activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was $12.5 million and was primarily due to $12.9 million statutory minimum taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards, partially offset by $0.4 million net proceeds from exercise of stock options. 
  Credit Agreement 
  For information regarding our credit agreement, see Note 11,   Credit Agreement  , in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1,   Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not engage in any off-balance sheet activities. We do not have any off-balance sheet interest in variable interest entities, which include special purpose entities and other structured finance entities. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and estimates as compared to the contractual obligations described in   Contractual Obligations   included in Part II, Item 7,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,   of the Company s Annual Report     on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , except as disclosed in Note 6,   Commitments and Contingencies  , in the Notes to the Unaudited  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1,   Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, net revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements and, therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Accordingly, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions.  
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in Note 2,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,   of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   other than those noted below. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  We generate net revenue through product sales generated primarily through the sites of our   five   distinct brands and through sites operated by third parties. 
  We recognize revenue for product sales generated through the sites of our   five   distinct brands and through sites operated by third parties only when the following four criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.  
  We recognize net revenue from sales of our products upon delivery to the customer. We record product revenue at the gross amount as we are the primary obligor with the customer and provide the primary customer service for all products sold, have latitude in establishing price and selecting products sold, have discretion in selecting suppliers of products sold, maintain inventory risk from shipment through delivery date and upon accepting returns, and have credit risk. Net revenue includes shipping costs charged to the customer and is recorded net of taxes collected from customers, which are remitted to governmental authorities. Cash discounts, returns and rebates are deducted from gross revenue in determining net revenue. In addition, we defer revenue when cash is collected from our customer prior to the satisfaction of the revenue recognition criteria. 
  We maintain a membership rewards program that allows enrolled customers to earn points which can be redeemed for future purchases. We defer a portion of its revenue associated with rewards that are ultimately expected to be redeemed prior to expiration. 
  We also earn revenue through third-party advertisers that pay based on the number of advertisement related clicks, actions, or impressions for advertisements placed on our sites. Revenue earned under these arrangements is included in net revenue and is recognized in the period in which the click, action, or impression occurs. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For information about recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 13,   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  , included in Part I, Item 1,   Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

29 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of foreign currency fluctuations, interest rate changes and inflation. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
  Interest Rate Sensitivity 
  Cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments were held primarily in cash deposits, certificates of deposit, money market funds, and corporate debt. The fair value of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of these instruments. Interest on the revolving line of credit incurred pursuant to the credit agreement described herein would accrue at a floating rate based on a formula tied to certain market rates at the time of incurrence; however, we do not expect that any change in prevailing interest rates will have a material impact on our results of operations. 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  Most of our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, our revenue is not currently subject to significant foreign currency risk. Our operating expenses are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, and may be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the British Pound and Euro. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statement of operations. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements, and we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging transactions. 
  Inflation 
  We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation in order to minimize its effects through pricing strategies, productivity improvements and cost reductions. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
    
  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  For information regarding our legal proceedings, see Note 6,   Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters  , in the Notes to the Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1,   Unaudited Consolidated and Condensed Financial Statements  , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated into this item by reference.  
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A,   Risk Factors  , of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Sales of Unregistered Securities 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we issued 426,907 shares of Class B common stock upon the vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, net of shares withheld to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations. The issuance of these securities were pursuant to written compensatory plans or arrangements with our employees, consultants, advisors and directors in reliance on the exemption provided by Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act, relative to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, to the extent an exemption from registration was required. 
     Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock 
  On October 1, 2014 the SEC declared our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-198171), as amended, effective in connection with our IPO. 
  There have been no material changes in the planned use of proceeds from the offering as described in the Registration Statement and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.    Exhibits. 
                       Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
      Number 
      
    Exhibit Description 
    Form 
    Filing Date/Period End Date 
      10.1 
      
    Amendment No. 4 to Loan Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2016, by and between Bank of America, N.A. and Wayfair LLC. 
    8-K 
    8/4/2016 

10.2* 
      
    Fifth Amendment to Office Lease between Copley Place Associates, LLC and Wayfair LLC (such lease, as amended to date, the "Copley Lease"), dated as of July 29, 2016, by and between Copley Place Associates, LLC and Wayfair LLC. 

10.3* 
      
    Elevator Side Letter to Copley Lease, dated as of July 28, 2016, by and between Copley Place Associates, LLC and Wayfair LLC. 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1** 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2** 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

* 
      
    Exhibits filed herewith. 

** 
      
    Exhibits furnished herewith. 

33 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WAYFAIR INC. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ NIRAJ SHAH 

Niraj Shah 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ MICHAEL FLEISHER 

Michael Fleisher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

34 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 a2016-09x30ex1025thamendme.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
    
  THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE (   Fifth Amendment   ) is made and entered into as of the 29   th    day of July, 2016 by and between COPLEY PLACE ASSOCIATES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Landlord   ), and WAYFAIR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Tenant   ). 
  Reference is made to the following: 
  A.  That certain lease (   Original Lease   ) dated as of April 18, 2013, by and between Landlord and Tenant as amended by a First Amendment to Lease (   First Amendment   ) dated as of February 11, 2014 and a Second Amendment to Lease (   Second Amendment   ) dated as of October 24, 2014 and a Third Amendment to Lease dated as of October 8, 2015 (   Third Amendment   ) and a Fourth Amendment to Lease dated as of February 3, 2016 (   Fourth Amendment   ) as supplemented by a letter agreement dated July 28, 2016 (the Fourth Amendment as so supplemented, the    Supplemented Fourth Amendment   ), by and between Landlord and Tenant (the Original Lease as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment and the Supplemented Fourth Amendment is referred to herein as the    Lease   ) of space in the Office Section of the Building containing   881,660   rentable square feet, known as Copley Place, in Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts consisting of approximately   380,994   rentable square feet of space on the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Floors of Four Copley Place and on the Second Floor and Third Floor of Three Copley Place and on the First Floor, Third Floor, Fifth Floor, Sixth Floor and Seventh Floor of One Copley Place (   Current Premises    and 
  B.  Landlord has available or will have available for lease additional space in the Building, some of which will be subject to a right of first offer held by Tenant under Article 43 of the Original Lease; and 
  C.  Tenant has agreed to lease from Landlord such additional space in the Building on the terms and conditions set forth below; and 
  D.  Each capitalized term used in this Fifth Amendment without definition or reference to a specific amendment to the Original Lease shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Original Lease.  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to amend the Lease and otherwise agree as follows: 
    
  1.  Extension of Term of Lease; Options to Extend  .  The Term of the Lease shall be extended to terminate on December 31, 2027 and the Termination Date under Section 1.10 of the Lease shall be accordingly amended to such date.  Tenant s options to extend the Term under Section 41 of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect except that the right of extension must be exercised by thirty (30) months prior to the end of the then Term rather than eighteen (18) months.  
  2.      Increase in Premises Demised under the Lease  .  The Current Premises shall be increased by the addition thereto of the spaces (   Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces   ) described on   Exhibit A   attached hereto as of the respective Add to Premises Dates set forth in   Exhibit A   hereto.  The Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, which aggregate approximately   163,485   rentable square feet, are shown on plans attached hereto as   Exhibit B  . 
  3.      Base Rent  .  
  
   -1- 
  8740051.13 

A. 
    Base Rent for the Current Premises for the extension of the Term to December 31, 2027 is set forth on   Exhibit C   attached hereto and Section 1.11 of the Lease is amended hereby. 
              B. 
    Base Rent for the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, and the date as which Base Rent for the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces commences, shall be as set forth on   Exhibit D  .  Effective as of the date Base Rent becomes payable for a portion of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, the Base Rent payable under Section 1.11 of the Lease (as such section of the Original Lease has been amended to date) shall be the sum of (i) the Base Rent otherwise payable under the Lease as amended by Subsection 3A above and (ii) the increase in Base Rent, attributable to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces set forth in   Exhibit D. 
     4.      Proportionate Shares  .   
           A. 
    Section 1.12 of the Lease is amended to read in its entirety: 
                    1.12   Operating Expense  Base Year: 
    As to the Premises other than the Fifth Expansion Spaces, the Calendar Year 2014. 
  As to the Fifth Expansion Spaces, the Calendar Year 2016. 
  As to Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, the Calendar Year 2018 

B. 
    Section 1.14 of the Lease is amended to read in its entirety: 

C. 
    Section 1.16 of the Lease is amended to read in its entirety: 

-2- 
  8740051.13 

D. 
    Effective for periods from and after the Fifth Expansion Commencement Date, Section 1.17 of the Lease is amended to read in its entirety: 

5.      Condition of Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces  . 
           A. 
    The Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces are being delivered to Tenant as of the date hereof in as-is, where-is condition (subject only to Landlord s Contributions (as defined in Subsection C below) to demolition and construction), except that Landlord shall deliver the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces broom-clean and free of all occupants, furniture, debris and other personal property.  Subject to the foregoing, without limitation, Landlord shall have no responsibility for any condition or construction within the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces or for any condition above the finished ceilings except with regard to utilities and conduits serving premises other than the Premises, except that the foregoing shall not relieve Landlord from its obligations to deliver the Premises with all base Building systems operational at the Premises and to repair and maintain the Building components described in Section 8.02 of the Original Lease (as the same may be amended from time to time) in accordance with and subject to said Section 8.02 of the Original Lease (as the same may be amended from time to time).  Subject to the foregoing, the obligations of Landlord under Exhibit B-2 of the Original Lease shall not be applicable to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces nor shall Tenant have any right to any Allowance with respect to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces under Article 38 of the Original Lease (except as set forth in Subsection C below).  Tenant shall be responsible for the demolition of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces and, subject only to Landlord s Contributions, for all construction therein and for installation of telecommunications, business equipment and furniture (all of which shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease regarding Alterations as if the amendment 5 Expansion Spaces were a part of the Premises) and all costs in connection therewith including without limitation, electricity used incident to such demolition and construction therein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all work necessary to prepare the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces for Tenant s occupancy shall be performed at Tenant s sole cost and expense, in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Lease.  Furthermore, if any alterations or modifications to the Building are required under applicable Legal Requirements by reason of the density of Tenant s usage if in excess of ordinary office-related use or the Alterations made by Tenant to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces which are not ordinary office leasehold improvements, the cost of such Building modifications (including, without limitation, to bathrooms) shall be paid by Tenant. 
              B. 
    Entry by Tenant for demolition and construction shall be at Tenant s sole risk and without material interference to any work then being performed in the Building by Landlord or to any work then being performed by other tenants in space occupied by such tenants, and all of the covenants and conditions of the Lease as amended hereby shall be binding upon the parties hereto with respect to such whole or part of the Amendment 5 Expansion  
     
   -3- 
  8740051.13 

Spaces as if the same were then a part of the Premises except that Tenant shall have no obligation to pay Base Rent or Additional Rent with respect to Operating Expenses or with respect to Taxes attributable to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, except as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4 of this Fifth Amendment.  Tenant shall pay for electricity used by Tenant with respect to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces following commencement of demolition based upon Landlord s good-faith, reasonable determination of the usage using sampling meters. 
           C. 
    Landlord shall contribute to the cost of Tenant s demolition and improvements to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, an amount equal to Ten Dollars ($10.00) per rentable square foot of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces or   $1,634,850.00   ( Landlord s Contribution ).  Payment of Landlord s Improvement Contribution shall be subject to the procedures of Article 38 of the Original Lease except that (a)  Allowance  under Article 38 shall mean the amount of the Landlord s Contribution, (b)    Initial Alterations  shall mean the Alterations to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces, (c) the date of June 15, 2015 shall be replaced with June 30, 2017.  Tenant shall not be required to pay Landlord for the use of elevators and hoists during and with respect to the making of Alterations to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces. 
              D. 
    Solely for the purpose of determining Tenant s obligations with respect to restoration of the Premises at the end of the Term, all Alterations made by Tenant to initially prepare the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces shall be deemed  Initial Alterations  accordingly, Tenant shall not be required to remove or restore any of such Alterations (or Alterations that were comparable replacements thereof) whether or not the same are Specialty Alterations.  Tenant shall not be required to pay Landlord for the use of elevators and hoists during the making of initial Alterations to the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces. 
     6.      Letter of Credit  .  Tenant agrees, on or before ten (10) days following the date hereof to increase the Letter of Credit Amount to   $4,700,000.00   and, on or before January 1, 2017, to increase the Letter of Credit Amount to   $5,496,000.00.    Section 1.21 of the Lease is hereby amended accordingly. 
  7.      Potential Expansion Space  . 
           A. 
    Landlord anticipates that approximately 100,698 rentable square feet of space in the Building    Potential Expansion Space   ), currently leased to a single tenant, will become available for lease on or about January 1, 2018.  Landlord agrees that if Tenant notifies Landlord not later than January 1, 2017, that it desires to lease such space, Landlord shall lease such space to Tenant as of the last to occur of (a) January 1, 2018 and the date on which the current tenant of the space vacates the Potential Expansion Space.  The Potential Expansion Space will be leased on all of the terms and conditions of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces (commencing on the date the Potential Expansion Space is delivered to Tenant) except that the Rent for the Potential Expansion Space shall not commence until four (4) months following the date of delivery of all of the Potential Expansion Space to Tenant.  The Potential Expansion Space is described on Exhibit E attached hereto. 
              B. 
    If Tenant exercises the expansion option under Subsection A, Landlord shall prepare an amendment (an    Expansion Amendment   ) adding the applicable expansion space to the Premises on the terms set forth above and reflecting the changes in the Base Rent, Rentable Square Footage of the Premises, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Taxes and Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses and other appropriate terms.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the associated Landlord contribution with respect to the Potential Expansion Space shall be at Ten Dollars ($10.00) per rentable square foot of the Potential Expansion Space and the Letter of Credit Amount will increase by $  608,000.00    
     
   -4- 
  8740051.13 

in the event of exercise of the expansion option.  The increased letter of credit shall be delivered not later than January 1, 2018.  A copy of the Expansion Amendment shall be sent to Tenant and, subject to Landlord and Tenant agreeing upon the final form to reasonably reflect the amendment terms contemplated herein, Tenant shall execute and return the Expansion Amendment to Landlord within thirty (30) days thereafter, and Landlord shall promptly thereafter deliver a copy thereof executed by Landlord to Tenant, but an otherwise valid exercise of an expansion option shall be fully effective, whether or not an Expansion Amendment is executed. 
  8.      Termination of Existing ROFO Rights  .  Tenant s currently existing rights of first offer under Article 43 of the Lease are of no further force or effect.  Such termination of Article 43 rights shall not affect the rights of first offer granted in Section 9 of this Fifth Amendment. 
  9.      Fifth Amendment Right of First Offer  .  Tenant shall have a continuing right of first offer with respect to any space that becomes Available (as hereinafter described) from time to time in the Office Section prior to the date that it thirty (30) months before the end of the then Term (the initial term as the same may be extended) of this Lease as amended, on the following terms and conditions: 
           A. 
    Right  .  If, during the Term, Landlord determines (in Landlord s sole judgment) from time to time that any space in the Office Section (including without limitation the Potential Expansion Space, if Tenant did not exercise its option with respect thereto, or any part thereof) will be, or is then, leasable to a third party and Landlord is prepared to enter into a lease to a specific third party on terms set forth in the most recent response to a request for a proposal from, or other exchange with, such third party (such space, except as set forth in the provisos below, is referred to herein as    Available   ), Landlord shall (subject to the provisos set forth below) offer to lease such space (   Offering Space   ) to Tenant (such offer on terms consistent with the provisos below, the    Advice   ), such lease to commence as of the date on which the Landlord is prepared to deliver such space; provided, however, 
              i. 
    In the event Tenant accepts such offer and the Offering Space will become a part of the Premises by December 31, 2018, the Offering Space will be added to the then Premises under the Lease as amended on the same terms and conditions as the Amendment 5 Expansion Premises are added to the Premises under this Fifth Amendment and otherwise on all of the terms and conditions of the Lease as the same may be amended from time to time.  For purposes of certainty, and without limitation, the then monthly Base Rent applicable to the Amendment 5 Expansion Premises, the per square foot Landlord s contribution (prorated to reflect the reduction in term from a term commencing January 1, 2017), the Operating Expense Base Year and the Tax Base Year, the term and the condition of the Offering Space at delivery and the increase in the letter of credit shall be as contemplated with respect to the Amendment 5 Expansion Premises. 
              ii. 
    In the event Tenant accepts such offer and the Offering Space will become a part of the Premises after December 31, 2018, the Offering Space shall be leased to Tenant at Prevailing Market Rent (as hereinafter defined) and otherwise on all of the terms and conditions of the Lease as the same may be amended from time to time, except as otherwise set forth in the Advice as terms under which Landlord would be leasing to a third party, and except that there shall be no extension or expansion options, no rights of first offer and no allowance or contribution except as otherwise so set forth in the Advice to reflect the terms offered or to be offered to the third party) or as a factor in determining the Prevailing Market Rent; provided, however, Tenant shall be entitled to an increase in parking rights as set forth in Article 37 of the Lease as amended. 
     
   -5- 
  8740051.13 

iii. 
    In the event Tenant does not timely exercise the right to Offering Space, Landlord shall have a period of six (6) months to enter into a lease of the Offering Space with a third party before Tenant s rights with respect to such Offering Space are again in effect. 
              iv. 
    As to any space which Landlord leases to a third party by reason of Tenant having not exercised rights to lease such space under clause iii of this Section 9A, Landlord may effect renewals and extensions of the lease of space to such tenants, without such action triggering any right of Tenant to lease such space hereunder but only if such third party tenant had a right of extension or renewal under the lease or amendment thereof entered into after Tenant determined not to exercise the right to the space as Offering Space (which may occur with respect to the original lease to the third party or as a result of a proposed amendment of the lease to the third party).  For purposes of clarity, if a third party enters into a lease of Offering Space after Tenant has failed to exercise its right of first offer with respect thereto and such third party lease (and the Advice to Tenant) contained a renewal option or a right of extension, Landlord may enter into a renewal with such third party or an extension of the lease with such third party on such terms as Landlord and such third party may negotiate even if not consistent with the rights of the third party to renewal or extension under the existing third party lease.  Furthermore, if such third party has no such rights under its lease, but Landlord then offers the space to Tenant consistent with the right of first offer hereunder and Tenant elects not to exercise its right of first offer with respect to such space, Landlord may renew or extend the lease to the third party or to any other third party and in any case the space will again be subject to Tenant s right of first offer at the expiration of the term of the new or extended lease, subject to the right of Landlord to renew or extend if the new lease or the extended or renewed lease then has a right of renewal or extension. 
              v. 
    Tenant shall have no right to an Advice with respect to the space currently leased to the Canadian Consulate (comprising 12,778 rentable square feet in Tower 3)  or the German Consulate (comprising 12,574 rentable square feet in Tower 3)  or to the space currently occupied by the Landlord as a management office, comprising 5,911 rentable square feet in Tower 3.  Any renewal by the current tenants of such spaces shall not be subject to a prior right to lease by Tenant pursuant to the right of first offer. 
              vi. 
    Tenant may lease Offering Space that is subject to an Advice in its entirety only, under the applicable terms described below, by delivering written notice of exercise to Landlord (the "  Notice of Exercise  ") within five (5) business days from the date of such offer set forth in the Advice, time being of the essence.  In any event, Tenant s delivery of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the irrevocable exercise by Tenant of its right of first offer subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9. 
              vii. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall have no such right of first offer and Landlord need not provide Tenant with an Advice, if: 
              a. 
    A material default is then continuing at the time that Landlord would otherwise deliver the Advice; or 
              b. 
    Tenant herein named (or a transferee pursuant to a Related Party Transfer, as defined in Article 17 of the Lease) is not in occupancy of at least 70% of the     rentable square feet leased by Tenant at the time  
     
   -6- 
  8740051.13 

Landlord would otherwise deliver the Advice (but a failure to meet the occupancy requirement shall not release Landlord from the obligation to provide an Advice for a subsequent proposed transaction if Tenant meets the occupancy requirement at the time such subsequent Advice is to be provided; or 
           c. 
    This Lease has been assigned (other than pursuant to a Related Party Transfer) prior to the date Landlord would otherwise deliver the Advice. 
              B. 
    Definition of Prevailing Market Rent  .     Prevailing Market Rent    for purposes of this Section 9 shall mean the rent (base rent and additional rent adjusted, if necessary, to reflect the base years to be used for the applicable period) per rentable square foot for similar office space in the Building and in comparable buildings as reasonably located in the City of Boston (i) taking into account (a) any difference in the base years between the Offering Space and the compared space for measurement of additional rent on account of taxes and expenses, (b) the magnitude of any free rent or buildout allowance included in rent for the compared space, (c) length of lease, (d) building amenities in the respective buildings, (e) the location and floor levels of the Offering Space and the compared space, (f) services provided in the respective buildings, (g) surrender rights, if any, in the compared space (h) parking rights and obligations, (i) free rent, tenant allowances or other concessions in the compared space and (j) all other relevant market factors and (iii) taking into account the brokerage commissions, if any, to be paid in connection with the leasing the respective spaces. 
              C. 
    Determination of Prevailing Market Rent  .  Within thirty (30) days after Landlord s receipt of the Notice of Exercise, Landlord shall provide Tenant with its good faith estimate of the Prevailing Market Rent.  If, within thirty (30) days after Tenant s receipt of Landlord s estimate, Tenant shall not have notified Landlord of its objection to Landlord s estimate and of Tenant s estimate of Prevailing Market Rent, the estimate of Prevailing Market Rent quoted by Landlord shall be deemed to be the Prevailing Market Rent for the Offering Space.  If Tenant so notifies Landlord of its objection, the parties shall discuss the matter in good faith for thirty (30) days after Tenant s objection notice.  If within such thirty (30) day period the parties have not agreed on the Prevailing Market Rent rate in writing, then Landlord and Tenant shall, during the ensuing fifteen (15) days, attempt to agree on an arbitrator not affiliated with either party (and if they are unable to do so, either party may request that the President of the American Arbitration Association in Boston choose an arbitrator, as promptly as possible, meeting the criteria set forth below; provided, however, the parties shall have the right during the ten (10) day period following the end of the fifteen (15) day period to submit the names of not more than two (2) potential arbitrators meeting the said criteria and if the parties or either of them makes such a submission, the choice of the President of the American Arbitration Association shall be made from the arbitrators so submitted).  Such arbitrator shall have a period of thirty (30) days to determine which of Landlord s estimate of Prevailing Market Rent or Tenant s estimate of Prevailing Market Rent hereunder more closely corresponds to the Prevailing Market Rent and the estimate of Prevailing Market Rent which more closely corresponds to the arbitrator s estimate of Prevailing Market Rent shall be the Prevailing Market Rent for purposes hereof with respect to the subject Offering Space and the determination shall be binding upon the parties.  The arbitrator must choose either the Prevailing Market Rent estimate submitted by Landlord or the Prevailing Market Rent Estimate submitted by Tenant.    Such arbitrator shall have at least ten (10) years  experience in the valuation and appraisal of first-class office rents for real estate in the City of Boston, be experienced with leasing transactions exceeding 100,000 square feet within the downtown Boston area, and have no then contractual relationship with either  
     
   -7- 
  8740051.13 

Landlord or Tenant.  The expenses of the arbitrator shall be borne equally by the Landlord and the Tenant.  
           E. 
    Condition of Offering Space  .  Offering Space (including improvements therein) with respect to which Tenant has timely exercised its right to add the same to the Premises shall be delivered to Tenant broom-clean and free of occupants and personal property with all Building Systems servicing the Offering Space providing good working order service to the Offering Space, but otherwise in its condition and as-built configuration existing on the earlier of the date Tenant takes possession of the Offering Space or as of the date the term for such Offering Space commences.  If Landlord is delayed delivering possession of the Offering Space due to the holdover or unlawful possession of the Offering Space by any party, or otherwise, Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to obtain possession of the Offering Space, and the commencement of the term for the Offering Space and Tenant s obligation to pay Rent for such Offering Space shall be postponed until the date Landlord delivers possession of the Offering Space to Tenant free from occupancy by any party and otherwise in the condition required hereunder and the scheduled rent commencement date occurs.  If Landlord is unable to deliver the Offering Space by the date which is ninety (90) days following the commencement date set forth in the applicable Advice, Tenant shall have the right to withdraw its notice to add the Offering Space to the Premises at any time thereafter, but only prior to delivery of such Offering Space in the condition required hereunder, by thirty (30) days  notice to Landlord of such withdrawal; provided, however, such notice of withdrawal shall be of no force or effect if, prior to the end of such thirty (30) days, Landlord delivers the Offering Space to Tenant in the condition required hereunder. 
              F. 
    Amendment to Incorporate ROFO Space  .   If Tenant exercises a right of first offer hereunder, Landlord shall prepare an amendment to the Lease as then amended on the terms contemplated in this Section 9 and reflecting the Base Rent, Rentable Square Footage of the Premises, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Taxes and Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses and other appropriate terms as contemplated hereby.  A copy of such amendment shall be sent to Tenant and, subject to Landlord and Tenant agreeing upon the final form to reasonably reflect the amendment terms contemplated herein, Tenant shall execute and return the amendment to Landlord within thirty (30) days thereafter, and Landlord shall promptly thereafter deliver a copy thereof executed by Landlord to Tenant, but an otherwise valid exercise of a right of first offer shall be fully effective, whether or not an amendment is executed. 
     10.      Signage; Security Desk  .  Article 32.X of the Lease is hereby deleted and the following inserted in lieu thereof: 
  32.X.    Signage and Security Desk.  Landlord hereby consents to Tenant placing signage on the exterior of the Premises at Tenant s entrance doors, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, in accordance with Landlord s reasonable rules with respect thereto and Tenant may, at its option, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, have its name on the electronic Building directory provided for tenants in the Sky Lobby of the Building as well as elevator lobby signage, consistent in quality and aesthetics with other elevator lobby signage in the Building, in each floor elevator lobby serving the Premises. 
  Subject to Tenant obtaining, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, any necessary approvals from the City of Boston and subject to Landlord s approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, of design, color(s), materials and specific location, Tenant may, in addition, install, maintain and replace, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, the following signage: 
  1.    So long as Tenant occupies not less than 70% of the Premises leased to Tenant on January 1, 2017, Tenant shall have the right to signage at Mall Level One at the new elevator  
  
   -8- 
  8740051.13 

vestibule entrance, such signage to be of a size and of materials selected by Tenant consistent with the Building signage and elevator vestibule finishes and in a location within the vestibule approved by Landlord.  Landlord s approval of the size and materials and of location shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, it shall be reasonable for Landlord to withhold its approval to a sign of a size or of materials which Landlord reasonably determines are not consistent with the aesthetics of the vestibule or for Landlord to withhold its approval of a location which Landlord reasonably determines affects either the aesthetics of the vestibule or Landlord s ability to provide vestibule signage to other occupants of the Office Section.  
  2.    So long as Tenant is the occupant of 70% of the rentable square footage attributed by Landlord to a Tower and Tenant occupies the first floor of such Tower, Tenant shall have the right to a sign at the entrance to such Tower from the Sky Lobby with the name and/or logo of the original Tenant or of a transferee pursuant to a Related Party Transfer, or, so long as such installation shall not result in a breach by Landlord of its obligations under any then existing lease of space in the Property, of a transferee to which Landlord has consented; to be located above or next to signage identifying such Tower in the Sky Lobby and sized consistent with new or existing Building Standard Tower identification signage (which presently exists on Tower entrance doors)  .    Tenant shall be responsible for the cost of all maintenance associated with its Tower signage and any necessary replacement thereof, as well as for the cost of removal from the Building and the repair of any material damage caused by such removal at the earlier to occur of the date on which Tenant no longer has a right to such signage or the termination of the Term (such obligation to survive the termination of the Term). 
  3.    Unless an Event of Default has occurred in payment of Base Rent or Additional Rent under the Lease as amended and Tenant does not cure such Event of Default within ten (10) business days after Special Notice (hereinafter defined) thereof from Landlord, but only so long as Tenant occupies not less than 70% of the Premises leased to Tenant on January 1, 2017, Tenant shall have the right to exterior Building signage, including the Wayfair logo with pinwheel graphics or any rebranding thereof from time to time, in a location, and of a size and shape, mutually agreeable to Landlord and Tenant; provided, however, all permitting and interactions with the Boston Redevelopment Authority with respect to such signage, whether by way of submissions or meetings or otherwise, shall be coordinated and managed by Landlord, or with respect to any legal matters or procedures, Landlord s counsel, whose reasonable legal fees and related reasonable disbursements shall be reimbursed to Landlord as Additional Rent under the Lease.  Landlord shall have the sole right to the final determination, made in Landlord s reasonable judgment, regarding the size, shape, materials and colors of exterior signage as well as location; provided that Landlord s determinations shall in good faith take into account the intent of the parties that Tenant s exterior signage provide Tenant with meaningful and reasonably prominent identification of the Building with Tenant s occupancy.  Tenant shall, in connection with its discussions with Landlord regarding the parameters of Tenant s exterior signage, provide, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, drawings of its proposals showing all dimensions, materials and colors and the method by which such signage will be affixed to the Building.  Tenant shall be responsible for the cost of all maintenance associated with its exterior signage and any necessary replacement thereof, as well as for the cost of removal from the Building exterior and the repair of any material damage caused by such removal at the earlier to occur of the date on which Tenant no longer has a right to such signage or the termination of the Term (such obligation to survive the termination of the Term).     Special Notice    shall mean written notice from Landlord or its designee to Tenant sent in accordance with the notice provisions of the Lease as amended specifying that Landlord intends to terminate Tenant s signage rights under Section 32.X.3 of the Lease as amended if Tenant fails to cure such event of default within ten (10) business days following the effective date of notice under the Lease.   
  
   -9- 
  8740051.13 

4.    After the installation of the new elevators for the Office Section, Landlord and Tenant will in good faith collaborate on the design, layout, and location of prominent signage on the Office Section security desk and on the location of such security desk, on the level of Tenant s reception presence and requirements for visitor escort by Tenant from the security desk to the Premises.  The results of such collaboration shall be taken into account by Landlord in Landlord s good faith determination of design, layout and location of the desk and Tenant s signage and the level of Tenant s reception area presence, all of which shall be detailed in an amendment to the Lease as then amended. 
  For purposes of clauses 1, 2 and 3 of this Article 32.X, (i) until September 30, 2018, the end of the current term of the sublease from Tenant to InsightSquared, Inc., dated June 11, 2015, or the earlier termination of such sublease, space subject to such sublease occupied by InsightSquared, Inc., shall be deemed to be occupied by Tenant, (ii) except as otherwise provided in clause (i) hereof, Tenant shall not be deemed to be in occupancy of space it has subleased to a third party that is not an affiliate of Tenant, and (iii) Tenant shall otherwise be deemed to be in occupancy of space whether or not Tenant has improved such space or is conducting business therein.  For purposes of the foregoing, a third party shall be an affiliate of Tenant if such third party controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Tenant. 
  Exhibit F   attached hereto sets forth two general locations for Tenant s exterior signage which are acceptable to Landlord subject to the provisions of Article 32.X of the Lease as amended hereby.  
  11.      Brokerage  .  Tenant represents that Tenant has dealt with (and only with) Transwestern/RBJ as broker in connection with this Fifth Amendment, and that insofar as Tenant knows, no other broker negotiated this Fifth Amendment or is entitled to any commission in connection therewith.  Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Landlord its employees and agents from and against any claims made by any broker or finder other than the broker described above for a commission or fee in connection with this Fifth Amendment or any sublease hereunder (but nothing herein shall be construed as permitting any such sublease) provided that Landlord has not in fact retained such broker or finder.  Landlord agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tenant, its employees and agents from and against any claims made by any broker or finder named above or any other broker claiming to have earned a commission or fee in connection with this Fifth Amendment, provided Tenant has not in fact retained such broker or finder.  In addition, Landlord shall pay the fees of Transwestern/RBJ with respect to this Fifth Amendment in accordance with a separate agreement with such broker. 
  12.      Parking  .  For periods from and after the date hereof, Article 37 of the Original Lease shall read in its entirety as follows: 
   Tenant shall have the right during the Term to use up to twenty-five (25) non-reserved parking spaces in the garage located within and serving the Property (   Copley Garage   ) and up to seventy-six (76) non-reserved parking spaces in the garage in the property adjacent to the Building and located on Dartmouth Street (   Dartmouth Street Garage    provided, however, for every additional 3,500 rentable square feet of space incorporated in the Premises by reason of the addition to the Premises of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces or the Potential Expansion Space or by reason of the exercise of a right of first offer, Tenant will be entitled to use (subject to the notification to Landlord set forth below) from and after the date of such addition, at the monthly rate and on the same terms as other spaces used by Tenant therein, one additional non-reserved parking space in the Dartmouth Street Garage.  Tenant shall, by September 1 of each year, notify Landlord of the number of spaces, up to the maximum number to which Tenant is then entitled, that Tenant will in fact use during the following calendar year; and Tenant shall have the right to use, and shall be responsible to pay, during such following calendar year for such spaces at the prevailing monthly rate therefor generally charged to Office Section tenants by the operator of the respective garage from time to time.  In the event Tenant becomes entitled to additional spaces by reason of the addition of leased space to the Premises, Tenant may notify the Landlord (i) as to the number of such additional spaces Tenant will require for the balance of the then calendar year no later than the commencement date of the term for the additional leased space and (ii) as to the number of such additional spaces Tenant will require for the next succeeding calendar year no later than the earlier of (a) such commencement date and (b)  
  
   -10- 
  8740051.13 

September 1 of the year in which such commencement date occurs.  Tenant will then be obligated to pay Landlord (or the garage operator, as Landlord shall direct) for the additional spaces so committed at the appropriate rate for such periods.  In the event Tenant fails to notify Landlord as to its commitment for the next succeeding calendar year by the specified date for such notification, time being of the essence, the then current calendar year commitment shall be applicable to the next succeeding calendar year. To the extent Tenant does not commit to use (and pay for), in a given calendar year, the maximum number of spaces to which Tenant is entitled hereunder, Tenant shall not have the right to use such spaces during such succeeding calendar year, but Tenant shall again have the election to increase (up to the maximum) or decrease the number of spaces to which it commits for a calendar year during the Term by giving the appropriate notice by September 1 of the calendar year prior to the calendar year for which the election is to take effect.  Notwithstanding the assignment of any spaces to the Dartmouth Street Garage, Landlord shall have the right to designate all or any of such spaces to be for parking in the Copley Garage (at the rates payable therein from time to time).  Although payment for the number of spaces so committed shall be payable to the operator of the parking garage, the obligation to make such payment shall be an obligation to pay Additional Rent under the Lease. 
  13.    Miscellaneous. 
           A. 
    This Fifth Amendment sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein.  There have been no additional oral or written representations or agreements.  Under no circumstances shall Tenant be entitled to any Rent abatement, improvement allowance, leasehold improvements, or other work to the Premises, or any similar economic incentives that may have been provided Tenant in connection with entering into the Lease, unless specifically set forth in this Fifth Amendment or the Lease as amended hereby.  Exhibits attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference. 
              B. 
    Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to execute, acknowledge and deliver, in recordable form, an amended notice of the Lease to reflect all of the Premises leased by Tenant under the Lease, consistent with the provisions of Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 183, Section 4.  Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that as of the date of Landlord s execution of this Fifth Amendment, there is no mortgage on the Building or the Property.  Landlord shall request and use reasonable efforts to obtain from the DOT a recognition agreement with respect to this Fifth Amendment consistent with the provisions of the last paragraph of Article 21 of the Lease. 
              C. 
    Except as herein modified or amended, the provisions, conditions and terms of the Lease shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
              D. 
    In the case of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Lease and this Fifth Amendment, the provisions of this Fifth Amendment shall govern and control. 
              E. 
    Submission of this Fifth Amendment by Landlord is not an offer to enter into this Fifth Amendment, but rather is a solicitation for such an offer by Tenant.  Neither party shall be bound by this Fifth Amendment until such party has executed and delivered the same to the other party. 
     [Signatures appear on the next succeeding page] 
  
   -11- 
  8740051.13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this document to be executed under seal as of the date first above written. 
    
  LANDLORD: 
  COPLEY PLACE ASSOCIATES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
           By: 
    SPG COPLEY ASSOCIATES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,  managing member 
       
  By: /s/ David J. Contis         David J. Contis         hereunto duly authorized 
    
  TENANT: 
  WAYFAIR LLC 
    
  By: /s/ Enrique Colbert  Its: General Counsel and not individually  hereunto duly authorized 

-12- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit A 
  Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces 

Exhibit A-1- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B      Floor Plans of Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces 

Exhibit B-1- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B-2- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B-3- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B-4- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B-5- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit B-6- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit C 
  Current Premises Base Rent for the Period July, 2025 through December 31, 2017 

Exhibit C -1- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit D 
  Expansion Space Base Rent 

Exhibit D  
  8740051.13 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord is unable to deliver the portion of the Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces to be delivered on January 1, 2017 by reason of the holdover by the existing tenant thereof, the Base Rent and Additional Rent on account of Taxes and Expenses otherwise payable commencing September 1, 2017, shall be abated proportionately for the number of days that elapse between January 1, 2017 and the date on which such Amendment 5 Expansion Spaces are in fact delivered to Tenant. 
  
   Exhibit D  
  8740051.13 

Exhibit E 
  Potential Expansion Space 

Exhibit E -1- 
  8740051.13 

Exhibit F 
  Acceptable Exterior Signage Locations 

Exterior Signage, subject to the provisions of the Fifth Amendment to Lease may be located in the two locations on the exterior walls of the Building, respectively designated as 1 and 2 on the above drawing. 

Exhibit F -1- 
  8740051.13 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 a2016-09x30ex103sideletter.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

COPLEY PLACE ASSOCIATES, LLC      TWO COPLEY PLACE, SUITE 100  BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
    
  July 28, 2016 
  Wayfair LLC 
  Four Copley Place 
  Boston, MA 02116 
  Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  You are the    Tenant    and Copley Place Associates, LLC is the    Landlord    of Premises under that certain lease of space in the Building dated April 13, 2013 (   Original Lease   ).  The Original Lease has been amended by a First Amendment to Lease dated as of February 11, 2014, a Second Amendment to Lease dated as of October 24, 2014, a Third Amendment to Lease dated as of October 8, 2015 (   Third Amendment   ) and a Fourth Amendment to Lease dated February 3, 2016 (the Original Lease as so amended is referred to herein as the    Lease   ).  Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Lease. 
  Under Section 6 of the Third Amendment, Landlord has the right to reduce the Premises in Tower One on each of two floors for use in connection with new Building elevator shafts; and during the period of construction, the right to construct a dust wall around the area of the new shaft on each floor to facilitate the construction of the elevator shaft and associated mechanicals. 
  The Third Amendment incorrectly describes the space as the 2   nd    and 3   rd    floors of Tower One, but the proper designation should have been the 3   rd    and 4   th    floors of Tower One. 
  The purpose of this letter is to confirm the following and the parties  agreement thereto: 
           1. 
     Landlord has exercised its rights referred to above and, consistent with the Third Amendment, in connection with the construction of the elevator shafts, Landlord shall at its own cost erect dust walls around the area being taken for the elevator shafts and paint the exterior of the dust walls to make the same compatible with the surrounding space of Tenant.  As a result of the erection of the dust walls, the space in the Premises shall, as of the Takeover Date (hereinafter defined), be reduced, for the time periods described below, by 955 rentable square feet on the 3   rd    floor of Tower One and 1,809 rentable square feet on the 4   th    floor of Tower One in the areas designated as  Dust Wall Impact  on the floors shown on   Exhibit A   attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
              2. 
    By reason of the construction of the dust walls: 
              (a) 
    from the date Landlord takes control of any portion of the 3   rd    floor of the Premises to erect dust walls (   Takeover Date   ) through the date (   3   rd    Floor Re-Delivery Date   ) on which (i) Landlord has removed the 3   rd    floor dust wall, (ii) substantially completed the restoration, as described in Section 5 below, of the portion of the Premises which had been surrounded by the 3   rd    floor dust wall and (iii) made such area available to Tenant, the Base Rent otherwise payable by Tenant shall be reduced monthly (and proportionately for any partial month) by an amount equal to the corresponding month s Base Rent per rentable square foot multiplied by 955; and 
              (b) 
    from the Takeover Date through the Training Room Date (as hereinafter defined), the Base Rent otherwise payable by Tenant shall be reduced monthly (and proportionately for any partial month) by an amount equal to the corresponding month s Base Rent per rentable square foot multiplied by 1,809; and 
     
   1 
  gsdocs.8715327.4 

(c) 
    during and with respect to the period that Base Rent is reduced with respect to the dust walls as set forth above, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Operating Expenses and of Taxes shall be correspondingly reduced. 
              3. 
    From the date immediately following the 3   rd    Floor Re-Delivery Date, the Premises on the 3   rd    floor of Tower One shall be permanently reduced by 471 rentable square feet, the  Permanent Elevator Impacts  on the 3   rd    floor as shown on   Exhibit A  .  Accordingly, from and after the 3   rd    Floor Re-Delivery Date, the Base Rent otherwise payable for the Premises under the Lease shall be reduced monthly (and proportionately for any partial month) by an amount equal to the corresponding month s Base Rent per rentable square foot multiplied by 471.  Furthermore, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Operating Expenses and of Taxes shall be correspondingly reduced to reflect the permanent reduction, by 471 rentable square feet, in rentable square footage in the Premises. 
              4. 
    From and after the Training Room Date, the Premises on the 4   th    floor of Tower One shall be reduced by 216 rentable square feet, the  Permanent Elevator Impacts  on the 4   th    floor as shown on Exhibit A.  Accordingly, from and after the Training Room Date, the Base Rent otherwise payable for the Premises under the Lease shall be reduced monthly (and proportionately for any partial month) by an amount equal to the corresponding month s Base Rent per rentable square foot multiplied by 216.  Furthermore, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Operating Expenses and of Taxes shall be correspondingly reduced to reflect the permanent reduction, by 216 rentable square feet, in rentable square footage in the Premises. 
              5. 
    The area on the 3   rd    floor of Tower One is currently an employee  break  room and will be restored by Landlord at Landlord s expense to that use with comparable finishes so as to match existing conditions. 
              6. 
    The area enclosed by the dust walls on the 4   th    floor of Tower One is currently a Board Meeting Room, but will be reconstructed by Tenant as an employee training room (   Training Room   ) at Tenant s expense (subject to the Landlord contribution referred to below).     Training Room Date    shall mean the date that is the twenty-first (21   st   ) day following the date on which Landlord has removed the 4   th    floor dust wall to allow Tenant to accomplish construction of the Training Room and delivered the area, in its then as-is condition, to Tenant for Tenant s construction. 
              7. 
    Tenant shall be responsible for all costs of constructing a new Board Meeting Room within the Premises and the Training Room in accordance with the plans referred to in   Exhibit B   attached hereto and made a part hereof, wiring the new facilities and relocating any necessary furniture, fixtures and equipment in connection with such construction and move; provided, however, Landlord shall contribute to the cost of construction, wiring and furniture fixtures and equipment, an amount equal to $119,180.00 with respect to the Board Room and an amount equal to $94,300.00 with respect to the Training Room, each such amount to be disbursed upon substantial completion of the respective construction projects.  Construction shall be undertaken by Tenant in a manner consistent with the requirements for Alterations set forth in the Lease as amended.  The foregoing payment and the costs to be paid by Landlord as set forth in this letter shall be in full satisfaction of Landlord s obligation under the Lease with respect to moving, restoration and reconstruction. 
              8. 
    Consistent with Section 6 of the Third Amendment (which is hereby amended to reflect the correct floor reference as referred to in the Preamble hereto), Landlord and Tenant shall, following the Landlord s delivery of space back to the Tenant after the removal of the dust walls, enter into an amendment to the Lease to document the permanent reduction in rent resulting from the permanent reduction in the size of the Premises. 
     Kindly sign the copy of this letter provided for that purpose to indicate your agreement with the foregoing. 
  COPLEY PLACE ASSOCIATES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
           By: 
    SPG COPLEY ASSOCIATES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,  managing member 
     
   2 
  gsdocs.8715327.4 

By: /s/ David J. Contis  David J. Contis  hereunto duly authorized 
  Approved and Agreed: 
  WAYFAIR LLC 
    
  By: /s/ Enrique Colbert  Its: General Counsel and not individually  hereunto duly authorized 
           cc: 
    Enrique G. Colbert, Esq.  Maurice Sullivan, Esq.  Patrick Peterman  Jeffrey Cromer, Esq. 

3 
  gsdocs.8715327.4 

EXHIBIT A 

A-1 
  gsdocs.8715327.3 

A-2 
  gsdocs.8715327.3 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  The construction and finish work relating to the 4   th    Floor Small Training Room as set forth in Supplemental Information   Clarification Bulletin No. 12 issued by McMahon Architects, Inc. to the attention of Columbia Construction, 100 Riverside Drive, North Reading, MA 01864, for Wayfair Phase 4, Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116, Project No. 1402024, issued January 19, 2016. 

B-1 
  gsdocs.8715327.3 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a2016-09x30ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  I, Niraj Shah, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wayfair Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ NIRAJ SHAH 

Niraj Shah 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a2016-09x30ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  I, Michael Fleisher, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wayfair Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ MICHAEL FLEISHER 

Michael Fleisher 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a2016-09x30ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wayfair Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Niraj Shah, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
           1) 
    the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ NIRAJ SHAH 

Niraj Shah 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a2016-09x30ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wayfair Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Fleisher, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
           1) 
    the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ MICHAEL FLEISHER 

Michael Fleisher 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 w-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 w-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 w-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 w-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 w-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 w-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

