<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_760498_0001564590-16-027602_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23733319</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83717</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>517551</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5260292</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9401920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5441895</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027602.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104143630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027602
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANCFIRST CORP /OK/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000760498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				731221379
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14384
		FILM NUMBER:		161974754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 N BROADWAY STE 200
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102-8401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4052701000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 NORTH BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102-8401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED COMMUNITY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027602.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 banf-10q_20160930.htm
 BANF-10Q-20160930

banf-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                         to 
 Commission File Number 0-14384 
   
 BancFirst Corporation 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

Oklahoma  

73-1221379  

(State or other Jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Identification No.)  

(405) 270-1086 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No       . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (sec. 232-405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No       . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of October 31, 2016 there were 15,708,383 shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

PART I   FINANCIAL   INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 2 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 4 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 5 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

(1)   
 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

 The accounting and reporting policies of BancFirst Corporation and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United State of America (U.S. GAAP) and general practice within the banking industry. A summary of significant accounting policies can be found in Note (1) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of BancFirst Corporation, Council Oak Partners, LLC, BancFirst Insurance Services, Inc. and BancFirst and its subsidiaries. The principal operating subsidiaries of BancFirst are Council Oak Investment Corporation, Council Oak Real Estate, Inc. and BancFirst Agency, Inc.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Assets held in a fiduciary or agency capacity are not assets of the Company and, accordingly, are not included in the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and notes are presented in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q. The information contained in the financial statements and footnotes included in BancFirst Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, should be referred to in connection with these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. Operating results for the interim periods disclosed herein are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full year or any future period. 
 The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contained herein reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to provide a fair statement of the financial position and results of operations of the Company for the interim periods presented. All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. There have been no significant changes in the accounting policies of the Company since December 31, 2015, the date of the most recent annual report. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain items in prior financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported cash flows, stockholders  equity or comprehensive income. 
 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States inherently involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the related disclosures. These estimates relate principally to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, income taxes, the fair value of financial instruments and the valuation of intangibles. Such estimates and assumptions may change over time and actual amounts realized may differ from those reported. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No.  2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce the diversity in practice around how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 will be effective on January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted with retrospective applications. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on its financial statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.  2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  ASU 2016-13 requires a financial asset measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. ASU 2016-13 requires enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgements used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization s portfolio. In addition, ASU 2016-13 amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 will be effective on January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-13 on its financial statements. 
 6 
 
    In March 2016, the FASB   issued ASU No.    2016-09,      Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.    Under ASU 2016-09 all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payment awards should be recognized as   income tax expense or benefit in the income statement during the period in which they occur. Previously, such amounts were recorded in the pool of excess tax benefits included in additional paid-in capital, if such pool was available. Because excess tax b  enefits are no longer recognized in additional paid-in capital, the assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method when computing earnings per share should exclude the amount of excess tax benefits that would have previously been recognized in ad  ditional paid-in capital. Additionally, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity rather than a financing activity, as was previously the case. ASU 2016-09 also provides that an entity can make   an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. ASU 2016-09 changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification (rather than as a   liability) to permit withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates (rather than the minimum as was previously the case) in the applicable jurisdictions. ASU 2016-09 will be effective on January 1, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact   on   the Company s   financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases - (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 requires that lessees recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases. The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of ASU 2016-02 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10).  ASU 2016-01 require all equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income. In addition, the amendment will require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. Adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Topic 205-40).   ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued.  The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

(2)   
 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS, INCLUDING MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS    

On October 8, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of CSB Bancshares Inc. and its subsidiary bank, Bank of Commerce, with locations in Yukon, Mustang and El Reno, Oklahoma. Bank of Commerce had approximately $196 million in total assets, $147 million in loans, $175 million in deposits and $22 million in equity capital. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method and the Company acquired 100% of the voting interest. Bank of Commerce operated as a subsidiary of BancFirst Corporation until it was merged into BancFirst on November 13, 2015. As a result of the acquisition, the Company recorded a core deposit intangible of approximately $7.1 million and goodwill of approximately $9.4 million. The effect of this acquisition was included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company from the date of acquisition forward. The acquisition did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The acquisition of CSB Bancshares Inc. and its subsidiary bank, Bank of Commerce complemented the Company s community banking strategy by adding two communities to its banking network throughout Oklahoma. 
   
  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company had gains on the sale of other real estate owned totaling $1.2 million that is included in net expense (income) from other real estate owned in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

7 

(3)   
 
      SECURITIES     

 The following table summarizes securities held for investment and securities available for sale: 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and estimated fair values of securities held for investment: 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and estimated fair values of securities available for sale: 

(1)   
 
 Primarily consists of FHLMC, FNMA, GNMA and mortgage backed securities through U.S. agencies.    

(2)   
 
 Primarily consists of equity securities.    

Realized gains are reported as securities transactions within the noninterest income section of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. In January 2015, Council Oak Investment Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BancFirst, recognized a pretax gain of approximately $1.7 million from the sale of one of its equity investments. In June 2015, Council Oak Partners, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, recognized a pretax gain of approximately $5.3 million from the sale of one of its equity investments. 

8 
 
    The maturities of securities held for investment and available for sale are summarized in the following table using contractual maturities. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to obligations that are called or prepaid. For purpos  es of the maturity table, mortgage-backed securities, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been presented at their contractual maturity.  

The following table is a summary of the Company s book value of securities that were pledged as collateral for public funds on deposit, repurchase agreements and for other purposes as required or permitted by law: 

(4)   
 
 LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES    

 The following is a schedule of loans outstanding by category: 

9 
 
    The Company s commercial and industrial loan category includes a small percentage of loans to companies that provide ancillary services to the oil and gas   industry, such as transportation, preparation contractors and equipment manufacturers. The balance of these loans at September 30, 2016 was approximately $5  4   million.  
 The Company s loans are mostly to customers within Oklahoma and over 65% of the loans are secured by real estate.  Credit risk on loans is managed through limits on amounts loaned to individual borrowers, underwriting standards and loan monitoring procedures. The amounts and types of collateral obtained, if any, to secure loans are based upon the Company s underwriting standards and management s credit evaluation. Collateral varies, but may include real estate, equipment, accounts receivable, inventory, livestock and securities. The Company s interest in collateral is secured through filing mortgages and liens, and in some cases, by possession of the collateral. 
 Accounting policies related to appraisals, nonaccruals and charge-offs are disclosed in Note (1) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Nonperforming and Restructured Assets 
 The following is a summary of nonperforming and restructured assets: 

Had nonaccrual loans performed in accordance with their original contractual terms, the Company would have recognized additional interest income of approximately $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and approximately $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Restructured loans at December 31, 2015 consisted primarily of one relationship restructured in prior periods to defer certain principal payments. This relationship was re-evaluated and removed from restructured loans in 2016 due to sustained improvement in financial condition, performance and the commercially reasonable nature of its structure. The Company charges interest on principal balances outstanding during deferral periods. As a result, the current and future financial effects of the recorded balance of loans considered to be restructured were not considered to be material. 
 Loans are segregated into classes based upon the nature of the collateral and the borrower. These classes are used to estimate the credit risk component in the allowance for loan losses. The following table is a summary of amounts included in nonaccrual loans, segregated by class of loans. Residential real estate refers to one-to-four family real estate. 

10 
 
    The following table presents an   age analysis of past due loans, segregated by class of loans:  

Impaired Loans 
 Loans are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect the full amount of scheduled principal and interest payments in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement. If a loan is impaired, a specific valuation allowance may be allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported, net of allowance for loss, at the present value of future cash flows using the loan s existing rate, or the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 
   
 11 
 
    The following table presents impaired loans, segregated by class of loans. No material amount of interest income was recognized on impaired loans   subsequent to their classification as impaired.  

Credit Risk Monitoring and Loan Grading 
 The Company considers various factors to monitor the credit risk in the loan portfolio including volume and severity of loan delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, internal grading of loans, historical loan loss experience and economic conditions. 
 An internal risk grading system is used to indicate the credit risk of loans. The loan grades used by the Company are for internal risk identification purposes and do not directly correlate to regulatory classification categories or any financial reporting definitions. 
 The general characteristics of the risk grades are disclosed in Note (5) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 12 
 
    The following table presents internal loan grading by class of loans:  

Allowance for Loan Losses Methodology 
 The allowance for loan losses ( ALL ) methodology is disclosed in Note (5) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 13 
 
    The following table details activity in the ALL by class of loans for the peri  od presented. Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories.  

14 

The following table details the amount of ALL by class of loans for the period presented, detailed on the basis of the impairment methodology used by the Company. 

15 
 
    The following table details the loans outstanding by class of loans for the period presented, on the basis of the impairment methodology used by the Company.  

Transfers from Loans 
 Transfers from loans to other real estate owned and repossessed assets are non-cash transactions, and are not included in the statements of cash flow. Transfers from loans to other real estate owned and repossessed assets during the periods presented, are summarized as follows: 

(5)   
 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS    

 The following is a summary of intangible assets: 

16 
 
    The following is a summary of goodwill by business segment:  

Additional information for intangible assets can be found in Note (7) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

(6)   
 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

 The Company adopted a nonqualified incentive stock option plan (the  BancFirst ISOP ) in May 1986. The Company amended the BancFirst ISOP to increase the number of shares to be issued under the plan to 3,200,000 shares in May 2016. At September 30, 2016, 215,735 shares were available for future grants. The BancFirst ISOP will terminate on December 31, 2019. The options are exercisable beginning four years from the date of grant at the rate of 25% per year for four years. Options expire at the end of fifteen years from the date of grant. Options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 will become exercisable through the year 2023. The option price must be no less than 100% of the fair value of the stock relating to such option at the date of grant. 
 In June 1999, the Company adopted the BancFirst Corporation Non-Employee Directors  Stock Option Plan (the  BancFirst Directors  Stock Option Plan ). Each non-employee director is granted an option for 10,000 shares. The Company amended the BancFirst Directors  Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares to be issued under the plan to 260,000 shares in May 2016. At September 30, 2016, 40,000 shares were available for future grants. The options are exercisable beginning one year from the date of grant at the rate of 25% per year for four years, and expire at the end of fifteen years from the date of grant. Options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 will become exercisable through the year 2020. The option price must be no less than 100% of the fair value of the stock relating to such option at the date of grant. 
 The Company currently uses newly issued stock to satisfy stock-based exercises, but reserves the right to use treasury stock purchased under the Company s Stock Repurchase Program (the  SRP ) in the future. 
 The following table is a summary of the activity under both the BancFirst ISOP and the BancFirst Directors  Stock Option Plan: 

The following table has additional information regarding options granted and options exercised under both the BancFirst ISOP and the BancFirst Directors  Stock Option Plan: 

17 
 
    The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and is based on certain assumptions including risk-free rate of return, dividend yield, stock price vola  tility and the expected term.  The fair value of each option is expensed over its vesting period.  
 The following table is a summary of the Company s recorded stock-based compensation expense: 

The Company will continue to amortize the unearned stock-based compensation expense over the remaining vesting period of approximately seven years.  The following table shows the unearned stock-based compensation expense: 

The following table shows the assumptions used for computing stock-based compensation expense under the fair value method during the periods presented: 

The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the spot zero-coupon rate for the U.S. Treasury security with a maturity similar to the expected term of the options.  The dividend yield is the expected yield for the expected term.  The stock price volatility is estimated from the recent historical volatility of the Company s stock.  The expected term is estimated from the historical option exercise experience. 
 In May 1999, the Company adopted the BancFirst Corporation Directors  Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (the  BancFirst Deferred Stock Compensation Plan ). The Company amended the BancFirst Deferred Stock Compensation Plan to increase the number of shares to be issued under the plan to 111,110 shares in May 2016. Under the plan, directors and members of the community advisory boards of the Company and its subsidiaries may defer up to 100% of their board fees. They are credited for each deferral with a number of stock units based on the current market price of the Company s stock, which accumulate in an account until such time as the director or community board member terminates serving as a board member. Shares of common stock of the Company are then distributed to the terminating director or community board member based upon the number of stock units accumulated in his or her account. The number of shares of common stock distributed from the BancFirst Deferred Stock Compensation Plan was 2,463 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  A summary of the accumulated stock units is as follows:  

(7)   
 
 STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

   In November 1999, the Company adopted a Stock Repurchase Program (the  SRP ). The SRP may be used as a means to increase earnings per share and return on equity, to purchase treasury stock for the exercise of stock options or for distributions under the Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, to provide liquidity for optionees to dispose of stock from exercises of their stock options and to provide liquidity for stockholders wishing to sell their stock. All shares repurchased under the SRP have been retired and not held  
 18 
 
  as treasury stock. The timing, price and amount of stock repurchases may be determined by management within the limitations of the SRP.   During the third quarter of 2016 the SRP was amended to increase the remaining shares to be purchased to 150,000.  
 The following table is a summary of the shares under the program. All share repurchased in 2016 were purchased in the first three months of the year: 

The Company and BancFirst are subject to risk-based capital guidelines issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ). These guidelines are used to evaluate capital adequacy and involve both quantitative and qualitative evaluations of the Company s and BancFirst s assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory practices. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory or discretionary actions by the regulatory agencies that could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Management believes that as of September 30, 2016, the Company and BancFirst met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.  The actual and required capital amounts and ratios are shown in the following table: 

As of September 30, 2016, the most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the FDIC categorized BancFirst as  well capitalized  under the regulatory framework from prompt corrective action. The Company s trust preferred securities have continued to be included in Tier 1 capital as the Company s total assets do not exceed $15 billion. There are no conditions or events since the most recent notifications of BancFirst s capital category that management believes would materially change its category under capital requirements existing as of the report date. 
 Basel III Capital Rules 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and will be phased in over a four-year period (increasing by that amount on each subsequent January 1, until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019). Management believes that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company and BancFirst would meet all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis as if such requirements were currently in effect. 
   
 19 

(8)   
 
 NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE    

 Basic and diluted net income per common share based on weighted-average shares outstanding are calculated as follows: 

The following table shows the number and average exercise price of options that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per common share for each period because the options  exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares: 

(9)   
 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    

 Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or the price paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market available to the entity in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
 20 
 
    FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in activ  e markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The fair value hierarchy is as follows:  

Level 1 Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.     

Level 2 Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset and liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.     

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. This category includes certain impaired loans, foreclosed assets, other real estate, goodwill and other intangible assets.     

 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 A description of the valuation methodologies and key inputs used to measure financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. These valuation methodologies were applied to the following categories of the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities. 
 Securities Available for Sale 
 Securities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value. U.S. Treasuries are valued using Level 1 inputs. Other securities available for sale including U.S. federal agencies, registered mortgage backed securities and state and political subdivisions are valued using prices from an independent pricing service utilizing Level 2 data. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. The Company also invests in private label mortgage backed securities and equity securities classified as available for sale for which observable information is not readily available. These securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 3 inputs. For these securities, management determines the fair value based on replacement cost, the income approach or information provided by outside consultants or lead investors. 
 The Company reviews the prices for Level 1 and Level 2 securities supplied by the independent pricing service for reasonableness and to ensure such prices are aligned with traditional pricing matrices. In general, the Company does not purchase investment portfolio securities that are esoteric or that have complicated structures. The Company s portfolio primarily consists of traditional investments including U.S. Treasury obligations, federal agency mortgage pass-through securities, general obligation municipal bonds and a small amount of municipal revenue bonds. Pricing for such instruments is fairly generic and is easily obtained. For in-state bond issues that have relatively low issue sizes and liquidity, the Company utilizes the same parameters for pricing mentioned in the preceding paragraph adjusted for the specific issue. From time to time, the Company will validate, on a sample basis, prices supplied by the independent pricing service by comparison to prices obtained from third party sources. 
 Derivatives 
 Derivatives are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs.  The Company obtains dealer and market quotations to value its oil and gas swaps and options.  The Company utilizes dealer quotes and observable market data inputs to substantiate internal valuation models. 
 Loans Held For Sale 
 The Company originates mortgage loans to be sold.  At the time of origination, the acquiring bank has already been determined and the terms of the loan, including interest rate, have already been set by the acquiring bank, allowing the Company to originate the loan at fair value.  Mortgage loans are generally sold within 30 days of origination.  Loans held for sale are valued using Level 2 inputs.  Gains or losses recognized upon the sale of the loans are determined on a specific identification basis. 
 21 
 
    The following table summarizes financial assets and financial liabilities measured at f  air value on a recurring basis as of the periods presented, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value:  

The changes in Level 3 assets measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis during the periods presented were as follows: 

The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and transfers out of Levels 1, 2 and 3 as of the end of the reporting period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not transfer any securities between levels in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). These financial assets and financial liabilities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 3 inputs. 
 Impaired loans are reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is dependent on liquidation of the collateral. In no case does the fair value of an impaired loan exceed the fair value of the underlying collateral. The impaired loans are adjusted to fair value through a specific allocation of the allowance for loan losses or a direct charge-down of the loan. 
 Foreclosed assets, upon initial recognition, are measured and adjusted to fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for possible loan losses based upon the fair value of the foreclosed asset. 
 22 
 
    Other real estate owned is revalued at fair value subsequent to initial recognition, with any losses recognized in net expense from other real estate owned.  
 The following table summarizes assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The fair value represents end of period values, which approximate fair value measurements that occurred on various measurement dates throughout the period. The related losses represent the amounts recognized during the period regardless of whether the asset is still held at period end: 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company is required under current authoritative accounting guidance to disclose the estimated fair value of their financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value. For the Company, as for most financial institutions, substantially all of its assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments. A financial instrument is defined as cash, evidence of an ownership interest in an entity or a contract that creates a contractual obligation or right to deliver or receive cash or another financial instrument from a second entity. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Include: Cash and Due from Banks, Federal Funds Sold and Interest-Bearing Deposits 
 The carrying amount of these short-term instruments is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
 Securities Held for Investment 
 For securities held for investment, which are generally traded in secondary markets, fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities making adjustments for credit or liquidity if applicable. 
 Loans 
 For certain homogeneous categories of loans, such as some residential mortgages, fair values are estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by similar loans, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair values of other types of loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 
 Deposits 
 The fair values of transaction and savings accounts are the amounts payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit are estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 The amounts payable on these short-term instruments are reasonable estimates of fair value. 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 The fair values of junior subordinated debentures are estimated using the rates that would be charged for junior subordinated debentures of similar remaining maturities. 
 23 
 
    Loan Commitments and Letters of Credit  
 The fair values of commitments are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the terms of the agreements. The fair values of letters of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements. 
 The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments that are reported at amortized cost in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value, are as follows: 

Non-financial Assets and Non-financial Liabilities Measured at Fair Value 
 The Company has no non-financial assets or non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include intangible assets (excluding mortgage service rights, which are valued semi-annually) and other non-financial long-lived assets measured at fair value and adjusted for impairment. These items are evaluated at least annually for impairment. The overall levels of non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were not considered to be significant to the Company at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

(10)   
 
 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

 The Company enters into oil and gas swaps and options contracts to accommodate the business needs of its customers.  Upon the origination of an oil or gas swap or option contract with a customer, the Company simultaneously enters into an offsetting contract with a counterparty to mitigate the exposure to fluctuations in oil and gas prices.  These derivatives are not designated as hedged instruments and are recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at fair value. 
 24 
 
    The Company utilizes dealer quotations and observable market data inputs to substantiate internal valuation models.  The notional amounts and estimated fair values of oil and gas derivative positions outstanding are pres  ented in the following table:  

The following table is a summary of the Company s recognized income related to the activity, which was included in other noninterest income: 

The Company s credit exposure on oil and gas swaps and options varies based on the current market prices of oil and natural gas.  Other than credit risk, changes in the fair value of customer positions will be offset by equal and opposite changes in the counterparty positions.  The net positive fair value of the contracts is the profit derived from the activity and is unaffected by market price movements. The Company s share of total profit is approximately 35%. 
 Customer credit exposure is managed by strict position limits and is primarily offset by first liens on production while the remainder is offset by cash.  Counterparty credit exposure is managed by selecting highly rated counterparties (rated A- or better by Standard and Poor s) and monitoring market information. 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s net credit exposure relating to oil and gas swaps and options with bank counterparties: 

Balance Sheet Offsetting 
 Derivatives may be eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet and/or subject to master netting arrangements. The Company s derivative transactions with upstream financial institution counterparties and bank customers are generally executed under International Swaps and Derivative Association ( ISDA ) master agreements which include  right of set-off  provisions. In such cases there is generally a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts and there may be an intention to settle such amounts on a net basis. Nonetheless, the Company does not generally offset such financial instruments for financial reporting purposes. 

(11)   
 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION    

 The Company evaluates its performance with an internal profitability measurement system that measures the profitability of its business units on a pre-tax basis. The four principal business units are metropolitan banks, community banks, other financial services and executive, operations and support. Metropolitan and community banks offer traditional banking products such as commercial and retail lending and a full line of deposit accounts. Metropolitan banks consist of banking locations in the metropolitan Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas.  Community banks consist of banking locations in communities throughout Oklahoma. Other financial services are specialty product business units including guaranteed small business lending, residential mortgage lending, trust services, securities brokerage, electronic banking and insurance. The executive, operations and support groups represent executive management, operational support and corporate functions that are not allocated to the other business units. 
 25 
 
    The results of op  erations and selected financial information for the four business units are as follows:  

The financial information for each business unit is presented on the basis used internally by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources.  The Company utilizes a transfer pricing system to allocate the benefit or cost of funds provided or used by the various business units.  Certain services provided by the support group to other business units, such as item processing, are allocated at rates approximating the cost of providing the services.  Eliminations are adjustments to consolidate the business units and companies. Capital expenditures are generally charged to the business unit using the asset. 

26 
 
    Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
 The following discussion and analysis presents factors that the Company believes are relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s December 31, 2015 consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Company s consolidated financial statements and the related Notes included in Item 1. 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The Company may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to earnings, credit quality, corporate objectives, interest rates and other financial and business matters.  Forward-looking statements include estimates and give management s current expectations or forecasts of future events.  The Company cautions readers that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including economic conditions; the performance of financial markets and interest rates; legislative and regulatory actions and reforms; competition; as well as other factors, all of which change over time. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives and expectations, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as  believes ,  anticipates ,  expects ,  intends ,  targeted ,  continue ,  remain ,  will ,  should ,  may  and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

Local, regional, national and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on the Company and its customers and the Company s assessment of that impact.     

Changes in the mix of loan geographies, sectors and types or the level of non-performing assets and charge-offs.     

Changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements.     

Inflation, interest rate, crude oil price, securities market and monetary fluctuations.     

The effect of changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) with which the Company must comply.     

Impairment of the Company s goodwill or other intangible assets.     

Changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits.     

Changes in the financial performance and/or condition of the Company s borrowers.     

Technological changes.     

Acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses.     

The effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters.     

The Company s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items.     

 Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. 
 27 
 
    SUMMARY  
 BancFirst Corporation s net income was $18.0 million, or $1.13 diluted earnings per share, for the third quarter of 2016, compared to net income of $15.6 million, or $0.98 diluted earnings per share, for the third quarter of 2015. Net income was $52.1 million, or $3.28 diluted earnings per share, for the nine months ended September, 30, 2016, compared to net income of $50.4 million, or $3.18 diluted earnings per share, for the nine months ended September, 30, 2015. The second quarter of 2015 included a gain from the sale of an equity investment by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Council Oak Partners, LLC, of approximately $5.3 million.   
 The Company s net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased to $51.4 million, compared to $46.9 million for the third quarter of 2015. The net interest margin for the quarter was 3.27%, compared to 3.12% a year ago. Internal loan growth, acquired loans from the Company s October 2015 acquisition and the increase in the federal funds rate of 25 basis points during the fourth quarter of 2015 contributed to the higher net interest income and margin in 2016. The Company s provision for loan losses for the third quarter of 2016 increased to $2.9 million, compared to $1.4 million a year ago. The increase in the provision was largely due to a small number of commercial loan downgrades.  Net charge-offs for the quarter were 0.03% of average loans, compared to 0.08% for the third quarter of 2015.  Noninterest income for the quarter totaled $27.9 million, compared to $25.3 million last year. Noninterest expense for the quarter totaled $49.2 million, compared to $46.4 million last year, as a result of salary increases and the Company s acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2015. The Company s effective tax rate was 33.9% compared to 36.0% for the third quarter of 2015. 
 At September 30, 2016, the Company s total assets were $6.8 billion, largely unchanged from December 31, 2015. Securities decreased $79.2 million to a total of $473.7 million, due primarily to maturities within the portfolio. Loans totaled $4.3 billion, up $71.7 million from December 31, 2015.  Deposits totaled $6.0 billion, virtually unchanged from the December 31, 2015 total. The Company s total stockholders  equity was $693.7 million, an increase of $38.2 million, or 5.8%, over December 31, 2015. 
 Asset quality remained solid during the third quarter of 2016. Nonperforming and restructured assets were 0.58% of total assets at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.83% at December 31, 2015. The decrease in nonperforming and restructured assets was largely due to one relationship that was removed from a troubled debt restructuring status due to sustained improvement in financial condition, performance and the commercially reasonable nature of its structure. Sales of other real estate owned also contributed to the decrease in nonperforming assets. The allowance to total loans was 1.11%, compared to 0.98% at year-end 2015. The allowance to nonperforming and restructured loans was 138.3% compared to 88.5% at year-end 2015. 
   
 During the first quarter of 2016, the Company repurchased 100,000 shares of its common stock at an average price of $55.23 under the Company s stock repurchase program. 
   
 On October 8, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of CSB Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiary bank, Bank of Commerce, with locations in Yukon, Mustang, and El Reno, Oklahoma.  Bank of Commerce had approximately $196 million in total assets, $147 million in loans, $175 million in deposits, and $22 million in equity capital. The bank was merged into BancFirst on November 13, 2015. 
 Oil prices continued to be at or below the marginal cost of most production during the third quarter of 2016, which had a dampening effect on the Oklahoma economy. In addition, Oklahoma has experienced low prices related to other commodities, such as livestock and grains. Any continued impact from these low prices on Oklahoma s economy and the Company s financial results could become more apparent in future periods. 
 FUTURE APPLICATION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note (1) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 See Note (11) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures regarding business segments. 
 28 
 
    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 Selected income statement data and other selected data for the comparable periods were as follows: 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Net Interest Income 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income, which is the Company s principal source of operating revenue, increased to $51.4 million compared to $46.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net interest margin, which is shown in the preceding table, is the ratio of taxable-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets for the period. Internal loan growth, acquired loans from the Company s October 2015 acquisition and the increase in the federal funds rate of 25 basis points during the fourth quarter of 2015 contributed to the higher net interest income and margin in 2016.  
 Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $152.3 million compared to $138.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net interest margin for the year-to-date increased compared to the same period of the previous year, as shown in the preceding table.   
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 The Company s provision for loan loss for the third quarter of 2016 increased to $2.9 million compared to $1.4 million a year ago. The increase in the provision was largely due to a small number of commercial loan downgrades that were impacted by the economic effect in Oklahoma from low commodity prices, such as oil, natural gas and livestock. The Company establishes an allowance as an estimate of the probable inherent losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date.  Management believes the allowance for loan losses is appropriate based upon management s best estimate of probable losses that have been incurred within the existing loan portfolio. Should any of the factors considered by management in evaluating the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses change, the Company s estimate of probable loan losses could also change, which could affect the amount of future provisions for loan losses. Net loan charge-offs were $1.4 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $3.1 million for the third quarter of 2015. The rate of net charge-offs to average total loans, as presented in the preceding table, continues to be at a very low level. 
   
 29 
 
    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s provision for loan losses increased to $  9  .  8   million, com  pared to $4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due to a small number of commercial loan downgrades. Net loan charge-offs were $  3  .  5   million, compared to $3.9 million for the same period of the prior year.  
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income totaled $27.9 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $25.3 million for the third quarter of 2015. The Company had fees from debit card usage totaling $6.0 million and $5.7 million during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This represents 21.5% and 22.5% of the Company s noninterest income for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the Company had non-sufficient fund fees totaling $7.1 million and $6.7 million during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This represents 25.6% and 26.4% of the Company s noninterest income for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
 Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $79.6 million compared to $79.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Noninterest income in 2015 included a gain from the sale of an investment by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Council Oak Partners, LLC, of approximately $5.3 million and a $1.7 million gain on the sale of an investment by Council Oak Investment Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BancFirst.  Fees from debit card usage totaled $18.0 million and $17.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This represents 22.6% and 21.4% of the Company s noninterest income for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the Company had non-sufficient fund fees totaling $19.8 million and $18.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This represents 24.9% and 22.9% of the Company s noninterest income for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
 Noninterest Expense 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, noninterest expense totaled $49.2 million, compared to $46.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2016 was primarily due to salary increases and the Company s acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, noninterest expense totaled $143.2 million compared to $136.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest expense for year-to-date 2016 was primarily due to salary increases and the Company s acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2015.  This was partially offset by gains on sale of other real estate owned totaling $1.1 million. During the second quarter of 2015 the Company recorded an impairment loss for goodwill of $368,000 after adopting a plan to close a small branch, which is included in noninterest expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective tax rate on income before taxes was 33.9% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 36.0% for the third quarter of 2015. 
   
 The Company s effective tax rate on income before taxes was 34.0% for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 34.8% for the first nine months of 2015.   

30 

FINANCIAL POSITION 
 BANCFIRST CORPORATION 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Cash and Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks 
 The aggregate of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks had a nominal increase, from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016.   
 Securities 
 At September 30, 2016, total securities decreased $79.2 million, or 14.3% compared to December 31, 2015, due primarily to maturities. The size of the Company s securities portfolio is determined by the Company s liquidity, asset/liability management and pledging requirements for public funds. The net unrealized gain on securities available for sale, before taxes, was $3.2 million at September 30, 2016, compared to an unrealized gain of $2.5 million at December 31, 2015.  These unrealized gains are included in the Company s stockholders  equity as accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income tax, in the amounts of $2.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  
 Loans (Including Acquired Loans) 
 At September 30, 2016, loans totaled $4.3 billion, up $71.7 million from December 31, 2015. The increase in 2016 was primarily driven by an increase in commercial real estate loans located in the Company s metropolitan markets. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses/Fair Value Adjustments on Acquired Loans 
 At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses to total loans represented 1.11% of total loans, compared to 0.98% at December 31, 2015.   
   The fair value adjustment on acquired loans consists of an interest rate component to adjust the effective rates on the loans to market rates and a credit component to adjust for estimated credit exposures in the acquired loans. The credit component of the  
 31 
 
  adjustment was $2.  2   million at September 30, 2016 and $3.3   million at December 31, 2015, while the acquired loans outstanding were $15  9  .  7   million and $192.9 million, respectively.   
 Nonperforming and Restructured Assets 
 Nonperforming and restructured assets totaled $39.1 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $55.3 million at December 31, 2015. The Company s level of nonperforming and restructured assets has continued to be relatively low. The decrease in nonperforming and restructured assets in 2016 was due to one relationship that was re-evaluated and removed from restructured loans due to sustained improvement in financial condition, performance and the commercially reasonable nature of its structure. 
 Nonaccrual loans totaled $31.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $30.1 million at December 31, 2015. The Company s nonaccrual loans are primarily commercial and real estate loans. Nonaccrual loans negatively impact the Company s net interest margin. A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, the future collectability of interest or principal or both is in serious doubt. Interest income is recognized on certain of these loans on a cash basis if the full collection of the remaining principal balance is reasonably expected. Otherwise, interest income is not recognized until the principal balance is fully collected. Total interest income which was not accrued on nonaccrual loans outstanding, was approximately $1.5 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Only a small amount of this interest is expected to be ultimately collected.  
 Other real estate owned and repossessed assets totaled $4.3 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $8.2 million at December 31, 2015. Other real estate owned and repossessed assets decreased during 2016 primarily due to the sale of two properties. 
 Potential problem loans are performing loans to borrowers with a weakened financial condition, or which are experiencing unfavorable trends in their financial condition, which causes management to have concerns as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the existing repayment terms.  The Company had approximately $10.1 million of these loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $4.9 million at December 31, 2015. Potential problem loans are not included in nonperforming and restructured loans.  In general, these loans are adequately collateralized and have no specific identifiable probable loss.  Loans which are considered to have identifiable probable loss potential are placed on nonaccrual status, are allocated a specific allowance for loss or are directly charged-down, and are reported as nonperforming.  
 Liquidity and Funding 
 Deposits 
 At September 30, 2016, deposits totaled $6.0 billion, virtually unchanged from the December 31, 2015 balance. The Company s core deposits provide it with a stable, low-cost funding source. The Company s core deposits as a percentage of total deposits were 94.5% at September 30, 2016 compared to 94.3% at December 31, 2015.  Noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits were 41.1% at September 30, 2016, compared to 40.3% at December 31, 2015. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 Short-term borrowings, consisting primarily of federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements, are another source of funds for the Company. The level of these borrowings is determined by various factors, including customer demand and the Company s ability to earn a favorable spread on the funds obtained. Short-term borrowings were $4.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $500,000 at December 31, 2015. 
 Long-Term Borrowings 
 The Company has a line of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) of Topeka, Kansas to use for liquidity or to match-fund certain long-term fixed rate loans. The Company s assets, including residential first mortgages of $672.8 million, are pledged as collateral for the borrowings under the line of credit. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no advances outstanding under the line of credit from FHLB. In addition, the Company has a revolving line of credit with a commercial bank, with the ability to draw up to $10.0 million. This line of credit has a variable rate based on prime rate minus 25 basis points and matures in 2020. There were no borrowings against this line of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
 There have not been any other material changes from the liquidity and funding discussion included in Management s Discussion and Analysis in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 32 
 
    Capital Resources  
 Stockholders  equity totaled $693.7 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $655.5 million at December 31, 2015. In addition to net income of $52.1 million, other changes in stockholders  equity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $7.1 million related to stock option exercises, $1.3 million related to stock-based compensation and a $458,000 increase in other comprehensive income, that were partially offset by $17.1 million in dividends and $5.5 million in stock repurchases. The Company s leverage ratio and total risk-based capital ratios at September 30, 2016 were well in excess of the regulatory requirements. 
 See Note (7) of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of capital ratio requirements. 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 There have not been any material changes in the resources required for scheduled repayments of contractual obligations from the table of Contractual Cash Obligations included in Management s Discussion and Analysis which was included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 33 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Taxable Equivalent Basis (Dollars in thousands) 

(1)    
 
 Nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances and any interest on such nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis.    

34 
 
    BANCFIRST CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Taxable Equivalent Basis (Dollars in thousands) 

35 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 There have been no significant changes in the Registrant s disclosures regarding market risk since December 31, 2015, the date of its most recent annual report to stockholders. 
   
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and its Disclosure Committee, which includes the Company s Chief Risk Officer, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Asset Quality Officer, Controller, and General Counsel, have evaluated, as of the last day of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on their evaluation they concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms. 
 No changes were made to the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that materially affected, or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 
 
    PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company has been named as a defendant in various legal actions arising from the conduct of its normal business activities. Although the amount of any liability that could arise with respect to these actions cannot be accurately predicted, in the opinion of the Company, any such liability will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
   
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 None. 
 37 
 
    Item 6. Ex  hibits.  

Exhibit Number  

Exhibit  

3.1  

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 1 to the Company s 8-A/A filed July 23, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2  

Certificate of Amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BancFirst Corporation dated June 15, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.3  

Amended and Restated By-Laws of BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.4  

Certificate of Amendment of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BancFirst Corporation dated May 23, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 29, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.1  

Instruments defining the rights of securities holders (see Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 above).  

4.2  

Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement relating to the 7.20% Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities of BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.3  

Form of 7.20% Cumulative Trust Preferred Security Certificate for BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit D to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.4  

Form of Indenture relating to the 7.20% Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures of BancFirst Corporation issued to BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-112488 dated February 4, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.5  

Form of Certificate of 7.20% Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture of BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-112488 dated February 4, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.6  

Form of Guarantee of BancFirst Corporation relating to the 7.20% Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities of BFC Capital Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3/A, File No. 333-112488 dated February 23, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.7  

Form of Guarantee Agreement by and between CSB Bancshares, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.8  

Form of Indenture relating to the Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures of CSB Bancshares, Inc., issued to Wilmington Trust Company (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.9  

Form of First Supplemental Indenture relating to the Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures by and between Wilmington Trust Company and BancFirst Corporation (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1  

BancFirst Corporation Employee Stock Ownership and Trust Agreement adopted effective January 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.2  

Fifth Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Directors  Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.3  

Fifth Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Directors  Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.4  

Fourteenth Amended and Restated BancFirst Corporation Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

38 

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

39 
 
    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BANCFIRST CORPORATION  

(Registrant)  

Date:   November 4, 2016   

/s/ David E. Rainbolt  

David E. Rainbolt  

President  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:   November 4, 2016   

/s/ Kevin Lawrence  

Kevin Lawrence  

Executive Vice President  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

40  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 banf-ex311_10.htm
 EX-31.1

banf-ex311_10.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CEO S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 I, David E. Rainbolt, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of BancFirst Corporation;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15 (e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:    

 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 4, 2016  

/s/ David E. Rainbolt  

David E. Rainbolt  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 banf-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

banf-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CFO S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 I, Kevin Lawrence, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of BancFirst Corporation;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15 (e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:    

 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 4, 2016  

/s/ Kevin Lawrence  

Kevin Lawrence  

Executive Vice President   

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 banf-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

banf-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CEO s Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BancFirst Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, David E. Rainbolt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ David E. Rainbolt  

David E. Rainbolt  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 banf-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

banf-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CFO s Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BancFirst Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Kevin Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Kevin Lawrence  

Kevin Lawrence  

Executive Vice President  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 banf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 banf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 banf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 banf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 banf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 banf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

