<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-K_edgar_data_1023298_0001144204-16-128761_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4712659</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>147864</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>227023</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1268399</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2062855</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>911002</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>76</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-128761.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020162820
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-128761
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			alpha-En Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023298
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ALLIED TO MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION [7819]
		IRS NUMBER:				954622429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12885
		FILM NUMBER:		161944641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WEST 66TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127693814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WEST 66TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVENUE ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-128761.txt : 20161020

10-K
 1
 v450558_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

For the fiscal years ended December 31,
2014 and December 31, 2015 

For the transition period from    
to     

Commission file no.: 001-12885 

alpha-En Corporation   

 (Exact Name of Registrant in its Charter) 

Delaware   
       
       95-4622429    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      Incorporation or Organization)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (914) 418-2000  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes      
No      

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes      
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for past 90 days.      
Yes       No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      
Yes       No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-BK is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      
Yes       No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes      
No      

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was approximately $25.3 million, based on the closing bid price of the registrant s common stock ($3.08
per share) on that date. 

As of October 11, 2016, 30,094,186 shares of the registrant s
common stock were outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 
None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I    

ITEM 1.  
       Business   
      4   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      6   
 
      ITEM 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      9   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       Properties   
      10   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      10   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      10   

PART II    

ITEM 5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      11   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      12   
 
      ITEM 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      12   
 
      ITEM 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      15   
 
      ITEM 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      15   
 
      ITEM 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      15   
 
      ITEM 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      15   
 
      ITEM 9B.  
       Other Information   
      16   

PART III    

ITEM 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      17   
 
      ITEM 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      19   
 
      ITEM 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      20   
 
      ITEM 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      22   
 
      ITEM 14.  
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
      23   

PART IV    

ITEM 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      24   

SIGNATURES    
      25   

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
      F-1   

ii       

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

Throughout
this annual report on Form 10-K, the terms  we,   us,   our,   alpha-En,  and  Company, 
refer to alpha-En Corporation and our   subsidiaries,
Avenue Pictures, Inc., Wombat Productions, Inc. and Clean Lithium Corporation., unless the context indicates otherwise.  

This report on Form 10-K is a comprehensive filing for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. We are filing this report in order to become current in our filing obligations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and additional filings subsequent to this Comprehensive Form
10-K will be required before we become current with such obligations. This is our first periodic filing since we filed our Annual
Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. We refer to this report herein as the Comprehensive Form 10-K. 

Readers should be aware that several aspects of this report
differ from other annual reports. First, this report is for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, in lieu
of filing separate reports for each of those fiscal years. Second, because of the amount of time that has passed since our last
periodic report was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, the information relating to our business and
related matters is focused on our more recent periods. 

We are a technology company in the developmental stage and we
were unable to file the above referenced periodic reports primarily due to our inability to generate net income from operations
and our limited working capital. As a result, the Company was unable (i) to maintain an adequate financial staff, and (ii) to retain
the necessary advisors to prepare and complete the financial reports required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Due to these constraints, we were unable to prepare and file
the required reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. This Comprehensive Form 10-K should be read together and in connection
with the other reports filed by us with the SEC for a comprehensive description of our current financial condition and operating
results. In the interest of complete and accurate disclosure, we have included current information in this Comprehensive Form 10-K
for all material events and developments that have taken place through the date of the filing of this Comprehensive Form 10-K. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do
not relate solely to historical or current facts, and you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such
as  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks, 
 estimates,   may,   should,   will  and similar expressions that concern our prospects,
objectives, strategies, plans or intentions. All statements made relating to our operating and growth strategies, product development,
energy cost savings, customer relationships, sales strategies and future growth prospects are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those expected. We derive many of our
forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. It is very
difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible to anticipate all factors that could affect
our actual results. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation
those discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report and in
our other filings with the SEC. 

All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable
to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking
statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update our revise
any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 

iii       

PART I  

ITEM
                          1.        Business   

Overview  

alpha-En Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the
state of Delaware on March 7, 1997 under the name Avenue Entertainment Group, Inc. On June 9, 2008, we changed the name of the
Company to alpha-En Corporation, and effective July 22, 2008, our trading symbol was changed to  ALPE.  

From 1997 to September 2005, we were an independent entertainment
company that produced feature films, television films and made-for-television/cable movies. We cut back daily operations in late
2005 and essentially ceased daily operations from May 2006 through June 2008. Since 2008, the focus of our business has been developing
new technologies for manufacturing highly pure lithium metal, a raw material for use in lightweight, high energy density batteries,
in an environmentally friendly manner for commercial purposes. In 2013, we invented a new process for the production of highly
pure lithium metal and associated products at room temperature. We subsequently broadened our focus to develop products and processes
derived from our new core proprietary technology, including battery components and compounds of lithium. 

Lithium is the lightest of all metals and has the highest electrochemical
potential, making lithium the raw material of choice for batteries. There is a substantial existing market for lithium metal in
primary non-rechargeable batteries and an emerging market for rechargeable lithium metal batteries, including next-generation batteries
under development. 

In September 2014, we formed Clean
Lithium Corporation under the laws of New York State as a majority owned subsidiary. We formed Clean Lithium Corporation to further
develop and commercialize our technology and we owned approximately 91.7% of its capital stock as of December 31, 2015. Clean Lithium
Corporation holds our core intellectual property, including several patent applications and licenses discussed further in the  Our
Technology  section below. In 2016 we dissolved our two inactive subsidiaries, Avenue Pictures, Inc. and Wombat Productions,
Inc. 

As described above under the heading  Explanatory Note, 
this Comprehensive Form 10-K is being filed by us in order to become current in our filing obligations under the Exchange Act,
and additional filings subsequent to this Comprehensive Form 10-K will be required before we become current with such obligations.
As a result, this report is for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, in lieu of separate reports for each
of those fiscal years. Additionally, because of the amount of time that has passed since our last periodic report was filed with
the SEC, the information included herein relating to our business and related matters is focused on our more recent periods. 

Our Technology  

Based on results to date, including what we believe to be multiple
analyses of the process from outside laboratories, we believe that our proprietary technology offers a number of advantages over
lithium production methods currently in use. We also believe based on results to date that the resulting products have a number
of advantages over other lithium products produced via the traditional ingot method. Traditionally, industrial production of lithium
metal involved the electrolysis of molten salts at temperatures at and above 400  Celsius (752  Fahrenheit). Maintaining
these salts at high heat levels adds meaningful production costs to the process, including the production of chlorine gas as a
byproduct. We intend to continue developing the intellectual property associated with our core technology; broaden our patent portfolio
and scale up our production of various products. 

Our proprietary technology allows for processing lithium at
room temperature of 30  Celsius and allows for the use of lithium carbonate as a primary feed stock. We believe the advantages
of our process and products include: 

lower
process temperatures and high electrical efficiency, leading to lower manufacturing costs;  

reduced environmental risks, containment costs and regulatory concerns resulting in the elimination chlorine gas from the production process;   

feedstock flexibility through the use of various grades of lithium carbonate as the feed stock, and reduced non-core hazardous by-products typically produced when processing halide salts of lithium;    

electrolytic deposition of highly pure lithium on a myriad of different substrates in custom form factors with custom protective conductive coatings;   

reduced presence of trace metals or undesired substances in the final products.   

Starting in 2012, we devoted our resources internally to developing
a technology to manufacture lithium metal, from the lab bench to the manufacturing floor. We are still in the development stages,
but we believe this process and resulting products may be commercially viable and we are taking preliminary steps toward scaling-up
our manufacturing design while we continue to optimize development efforts. 

Through our subsidiary, Clean Lithium Corporation, we have filed
a number of patent applications based on our proprietary room temperature, flexible and energy efficient process. This proprietary
process uses lithium carbonate as a feedstock and does not produce chlorine gas as a by-product. These patent applications held
by Clean Lithium Corporation include: 

The provisional patent application, Method for Producing a Lithium
Film, includes certain intellectual property that has been jointly developed in partnership with the City University of New York
and has been exclusively licensed to alpha-En. 

Clean Lithium Corporation s patent applications encompass
a broad portfolio of products and processes derived from our core lithium production technology, ranging from processes to produce
compounds of lithium, battery components and battery technology using our high purity lithium metal products. 

We have entered into research agreements with a number
academic research institutions as part of our process for developing and validating our core technology. The institutions
include Argonne National Laboratory, the City University of New York, and Princeton University. Argonne National Laboratory
is contracted with us to conduct optimization of our process, development work relating to the scale-up of our technology,
characterization of our new materials and electrochemical (battery) testing of our high purity lithium anodes. The City
University of New York assists us in producing samples and characterizing the resulting materials, and in testing new process
equipment and products developed by our in-house research and development team. Princeton University assists us with research
and development relating to the use of our lithium anode in batteries. 

Prior to 2012 we also pursued a strategy of in-licensing. On
February 25, 2009, we were granted an exclusive, worldwide, transferable, perpetual license to use certain proprietary technology
for the processing of lithium for use in batteries and other fields. Commencing in October 2010, working through a third party,
we conducted a series of tests to determine if the process worked and, based on the results, initially believed that the process
produced lithium, however it did not prove to be commercially feasible and research and development efforts involving this license
were abandoned. In exchange for the license, we had certain financial, share issuance and royalty obligations if certain sale thresholds
were met. However, since such thresholds were not met and the technology was not used, we are currently negotiating an amendment
and release related to this license. 

During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our
operations primarily included activities related to development of our technology and maintaining our public company status. We
have had no revenues in any of these years as our business was in the development stage. 

Currently, we are attempting to further develop the intellectual
property associated with our core technology; broaden our patent portfolio; scale up our production of various products; and begin
generating revenue; however, our cash position may not be sufficient to support our daily operations. While we believe in the viability
of our strategy to further develop our technology and generate revenue and in our ability to raise additional funds by way of a
public or private offering, there can be no assurance that we will succeed. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering and to further develop our technology and generate
sufficient revenue. 

Competition  

The market for the lithium and related products is highly competitive.
There are numerous competitors in the industry, most of which have substantially more financial resources, greater manufacturing
capacity, research and development capability, and marketing resources than us. 

Regulation  

Lithium metal is classified as a hazardous material, and some
of the chemicals we use are also classified as hazardous materials. We are required by law to comply with environmental regulations
pertaining to the use, handling, and disposal of lithium metal as well as the other chemicals. Lithium battery chemistries react
adversely with water and water vapor, and under certain circumstances can cause fires. As such, lithium based batteries are subject
to government regulation in various jurisdictions. We ship out small quantities lithium metal samples and we conform to the regulatory
requirements associated with such transportation. 

Employees  

As of October 11, 2016, we have six full-time employees and
no part-time employees. We also engage four consultants who work on a part-time basis. None of these employees are covered by a
collective bargaining agreement, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. We also occasionally engage consultants
on an as-needed basis to supplement existing staff. We also rely on outsourced research and development relationships with a number
academic research institutions as part of our process for developing and validating our core technology. 

ITEM
                          1A.        Risk
Factors   

An investment in our Company is highly speculative in nature
and involves an extremely high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following material risks, together with the other
information contained in this report, before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, results of operations and financial condition would likely suffer. In these circumstances, the market price of our
common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.  

We have no relevant operating history; we have accumulated
deficits; we are only in an initial commercialization stage with technology that is unproven on a large-scale commercial basis;
and there is a going concern explanatory paragraph in our independent registered public accounting firm s report.  

Our company reduced daily operations in late 2005 and essentially
ceased daily operations in May 2006. Through January 2009, we were substantially inactive. In February 2009, we entered into a
technology license agreement for a process to produce lithium metal. We do not utilize this technology for any purpose because
it did not produce the intended result. From 2012 to the present, we have devoted our resources to develop a different lithium
manufacturing technology from that initially undertaken in 2009. Because we are still in the developmental stage, there is no relevant
operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. We are subject to all of the business
risks associated with a new enterprise, including, but not limited to, risks of unforeseen capital requirements, failure of market
acceptance, failure to establish business relationships and competitive disadvantages as against larger and more established companies.
The report of our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our financial statements included in this report
includes a  going concern  explanatory paragraph. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, we had an
accumulated deficit of approximately $10.2 million and $8.4 million at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, a
net loss of approximately $1.8 million and $47,000, and approximately $895,000 and $95,000 net cash used in operating activities
for the years then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have generated no revenues from our lithium technology and
will not generate any meaningful revenues until after we have successfully commercialized our new proprietary technology to manufacture
high purity lithium metal and associated products, of which no assurance can be given. Since December 31, 2015, we have continued
to incur significant losses and anticipate that we may continue to incur significant losses in 2016 and beyond. There can be no
assurance as to whether or when we will generate meaningful revenues or achieve profitable operations. 

Our lithium production technology has never been utilized on
a large-scale basis, and there can be no assurance that this technology will perform successfully on a large-scale commercial basis
or that it will be profitable for us. All of the tests conducted to date by us with respect to our new process and technology have
been conducted in the laboratory on small scale only, and there can be no assurance that the same or similar results could be obtained
on a large-scale commercial basis. Additionally, our ability to operate our business successfully will depend on a variety of factors,
many of which are outside our control, including competition, cost and availability of strategic components, changes in governmental
initiatives and requirements, changes in regulatory requirements, and the costs associated with commencing pilot manufacturing. 

We have not been able, and may continue to be unable, to
timely file periodic reports with the SEC.  

We did not timely file our annual reports for the years ending
2013, 2014 and 2015 with the SEC. We also did not timely file our quarterly reports relating to 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016. If we
are not able to file future periodic reports in the time specified by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act,
stockholders and potential investors will not have current public information about us which will likely have a negative effect
on our obtaining future capital. Failure to make timely filings also impairs our ability to conduct certain kinds of public offerings
on short form registration statements that provide more efficient automatic forward incorporation of future SEC filings. Our inability
to timely file periodic reports could materially and adversely affect our future business growth and financial condition. 

There remains uncertainty of any market acceptance of our
technology to manufacture lithium metal.  

Many prospective users of lithium metal have already committed
substantial resources to other existing forms of battery technology. Our growth and future financial performance will depend on
our ability to demonstrate to prospective users the technical and economic advantages of our technology to manufacture lithium
metal over alternative technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in this effort. Furthermore, it is possible
that competing technologies may be perceived to have, or may actually have, certain advantages over our technology or lithium metal
in general for certain industries or applications. 

We have a need for additional financing in the foreseeable
future.  

During the past three years, financing for all of our activities
has been provided in the form of direct equity investments, private placements and advances from our officers and directors. Our
future capital requirements could vary significantly and will depend on certain factors, many of which are not within our control.
These include the ongoing development and testing of our technology to manufacture lithium metal, the nature and timing of prospective
commercial projects and permits required and the availability of financing. In the battery market, we may not be able to enter
into favorable business collaborations and might thus be required to seek project contracts for our own account. If such efforts
were successful, we would be required to make significant expenditures on personnel and capital equipment which would require significant
financing. In addition, our lack of operational experience and limited capital resources could make it difficult, if not highly
unlikely, to successfully secure major projects. In such event, our business development could be limited to smaller commercial
projects with significantly lower potential for profit. 

In addition, the expansion of our business will require the
commitment of significant capital resources toward the hiring of technical and operational support personnel and the development
of a manufacturing and testing facility. In the event we are presented with one or more significant projects, individually or in
conjunction with collaborative working partners, we may require additional capital to take advantage of such opportunities. There
can be no assurance that such financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on favorable terms. If adequate financing
is not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate certain of our research and development programs, to relinquish
rights to certain of our technologies, or to license third parties to commercialize technologies that we would otherwise seek to
develop ourselves. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, stockholders will be diluted. 

We may not be able to obtain or enforce patent rights or
other intellectual property rights that cover our product candidates and technologies that are of sufficient breadth to prevent
third parties from competing against us.  

Our success with respect to our product candidates and technologies
will depend in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in both the United States and other countries, to
preserve our trade secrets and to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. Our ability to protect any
of our product candidates from unauthorized or infringing use by third parties depends in substantial part upon our ability to
obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents. 

Our patent portfolio currently is made up entirely of pending
patent applications. Any patents that we do obtain may be narrow in scope and thus easily circumvented by competitors. Further,
in countries where we do not have granted patents, third parties may be able to make, use or sell products identical to or substantially
similar to, our product candidates. The patent application process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prepare,
file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is possible that
defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, such as with respect
to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope or patent term adjustments. If there are material defects in the form or preparation
of our patent applications, such applications may be invalid and unenforceable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop
equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties,
which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We face competition and technical alternatives in the overall
battery market.  

We anticipate that our primary market will be for lithium metal
batteries. We have had limited experience in manufacturing and marketing our technology and have not previously had any employees
or personnel whose primary responsibilities consisted of these functions. Other participants include several large domestic and
international companies and numerous small companies, many of whom have substantially greater financial and other resources and
more manufacturing, marketing and sales experience than we do. In addition, as lithium metal technology evolves, there exists the
possibility that our technology may be rendered obsolete by one or more competing technologies. Any one or more of our competitors,
or one or more other enterprises not presently known to us, may develop technologies which are superior to our technology. To the
extent that our competitors are able to offer more cost-effective alternatives, our ability to compete could be materially and
adversely affected.  

There can be no assurance that we will enter into collaborative
agreements or projects utilizing our technology in the future.  

We propose to pursue opportunities in the battery market through
collaborative joint working arrangements with companies that have a significant presence in well-established industries or markets,
and that can introduce our technology to industry participants. However, neither we nor any of our prospective collaborative joint
working partners have secured any project contracts. There can be no assurance that we will enter into any definitive joint project
arrangements with our prospective working partners or others, or that any such definitive arrangements will be on terms and conditions
that will enable us to generate profits. Furthermore, even if we are successful in obtaining one or more project awards, such projects
may be curtailed or eliminated, or other problems may arise, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We depend on our senior executive officers and other personnel
to run our business.  

We are dependent on the efforts of our senior executive officers,
particularly Jerome I. Feldman, our Executive   Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and Steven
M. Fludder, our Chief Executive Officer. We do not have key-man life insurance policies on the lives of Messrs. Feldman and Fludder
to compensate us for the loss of such individuals. The loss of the services of any one or more of such persons may have a material
adverse effect on our company. 

Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability
to attract and retain skilled scientific, management, operational and marketing personnel. Other than Messrs. Feldman and Fludder,
we do not currently have any employees or personnel whose responsibilities are focused primarily in these fields. We face competition
for hiring such personnel from other companies, including companies that have greater resources. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

We rely on third-party research organizations and as a result
we are unable to directly control the timing, conduct, expense and quality of our research and development efforts.   

We have entered into research agreements with a number academic
research institutions as part of our process for developing and validating our core technology. In relying on those third parties,
we are dependent upon them to timely and accurately perform their services, and dependent on them to accurately analyze the viability
of our method to produce Lithium metal. If these third-party organizations do not accurately collect and assess data and communicate
their findings to us accurately, we may discontinue development of viable products or methods or continue allocating resources
to the development of products and methods that are not efficacious. Either outcome could result in significant financial harm
to us. 

Because we have entered into a substantial financial commitment
for leased office space, funds may be diverted from other important matters in the development of our business and could negatively
impact our financial position.   

On March 22, 2016, the Company entered into a lease for office
and laboratory space located in Yonkers, New York, consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet. The lease has a term of 87 months
and the annual rent for the first year of the lease is approximately $208,000, increasing by 1.5% in each subsequent year. In the
event of a termination of the lease following a default by the Company, the Company will be obligated to pay the sum of the rent
payable for the remainder of the lease term. This represents a substantial financial commitment for us. Money that could be spent
elsewhere will be needed to fulfill the lease commitment, which may divert funds away from other important matters in the development
of our business and could negatively impact our financial position. The expense associated with this lease will constitute a large
operating costs and may contribute to net losses as a result. 

We will need to comply with government regulations, which
can be costly and time-consuming.  

We may be required to comply with a number of federal, state
and local laws and regulations in the areas of safety, health and environmental controls, including without limitation, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), as amended, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (OSHA), which may require
us to obtain permits or approvals to utilize, handle, and dispose of lithium metal and/or other chemicals. Furthermore, particularly
in the battery market, we may be required to conduct performance and operating studies to assure government agencies that our technology
does not pose environmental or product safety risks. Changes in environmental or safety regulations, the discovery of conditions
not currently known to us, or other developments could result in the imposition of additional or different environmental compliance
obligations or expenditure for capital improvements. We do not believe at this time that financial obligations incurred in connection
with environmental regulatory compliance will have a material adverse effect on the company s financial condition, competitive
position or results of operations. Our belief is based on the company s understanding of the underlying facts giving rise
to its environmental regulatory obligations. 

We are controlled by a small number of  insider 
stockholders.  

Our directors and executive officers currently beneficially
own approximately 69.8% of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, through their collective ownership of our outstanding common
stock, if they act together, they will be able to control the voting of our shares at all meetings of stockholders and, because
the common stock does not have cumulative voting rights, will be able to determine the outcome of the election of all of our directors
and determine corporate and stockholder action on other matters.  

We have no plans to pay dividends.  

We have never paid any dividends on our common stock and have
no plans to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We have not to date and do not expect to pay a dividend
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board
of directors, subject to our certificate of incorporation. We intend to retain any earnings for use in our operations and any expansion
of our business. Payment of dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, future capital needs and our operating
and financial condition, among other factors. 

It is likely that our common stock price will be volatile.  

The stock market has from time to time experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performances of specific companies. Announcements of new technologies
and changing policies and regulations of the federal government and state governments and other external factors, as well as potential
fluctuations in our financial results, may have a significant impact on the price of our stock. 

Our charter contains some anti-takeover provisions that may
inhibit a takeover.  

The provisions in our certificate of incorporation relating
to a classified board of directors and delegation to the board of directors of rights to determine the terms of preferred stock
may have the effect not only of discouraging attempts by others to buy us, but also of making it more difficult or impossible for
existing stockholders to make management changes. A classified board, which is made up of directors elected for staggered terms,
while promoting stability in board membership and management, also moderates the pace of any change in control of our board of
directors by extending the time required to elect a majority, effectively requiring action in at least two annual meetings. The
ability of our board of directors to determine the terms of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible
business purchases and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third party to secure a majority of our outstanding
common stock. Additionally, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
which prohibits us from engaging in a  business combination  with an  interested stockholder  for a period
of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination
is approved in a prescribed manner. Section 203 could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. 

ITEM
                          1B.        Unresolved
Staff Comments   

None. 

ITEM
                          2.        Properties   

We maintain an executive office in Tarrytown, New York, at the
offices of Jerome I. Feldman, our Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. We are not currently required to make any payments
to Mr. Feldman for use of this office. 

On March 22, 2016, the Company entered into a lease with Hudson
View Building #3, LLC for office and laboratory space located in Yonkers, New York, consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet.
The lease has a term of 87 months from the lease commencement date, which is the date upon which the landlord has substantially
completed certain interior leasehold improvements to the leased premise. The annual rent for the first year of the lease is approximately
$208,000, increasing by 1.5% on each anniversary of the lease commencement date. In the event of a termination of the lease following
a default by the Company, the Company will be obligated to pay the sum of the rent payable for the remainder of the lease term. 

ITEM
                          3.        Legal
Proceedings   

There are no material pending legal proceedings to which we
are a party or of which any of our property is the subject. 

ITEM
                          4.        Mine
Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM
                          5.        Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Market Information  

Our common stock trades under the symbol  ALPE .
The following table sets forth the high and low closing prices for our common stock on the OTC Markets Pink marketplace for the
years ended December 31, 2012 through 2015 and to date. 

(1) Through October 11, 2016 

Holders  

We had 103 record holders of our common stock as of August 22,
2016. This number does not include an indeterminate number of stockholders whose shares are held by brokers in street name. 

Dividends  

We have not to date and do not expect to pay a dividend on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors,
subject to our certificate of incorporation. We intend to retain any earnings for use in our operations and any expansion of our
business. Payment of dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, future capital needs, restrictions in credit agreements
and our operating and financial condition, among other factors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

On May 8, 2014, the Company issued 869,565 shares of its common
stock in lieu of payment of $50,000 of a loan payable to Jerome Feldman, Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors. 

On October 13, 2014, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 150,000 shares of Clean Lithium Corporation s common stock and 150,000 warrants to
purchase the Company s common stock for $150,000. The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. 

On April 28, 2015, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 100,000 shares of Clean Lithium Corporation s common stock and 350,000 warrants to
purchase the Company s common stock for $100,000. The warrants have a four year term and an exercise price of $0.40. 

On July 30, 2015, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 1,000,000 shares of its common stock and 1,000,000 warrants for $700,000. The warrants
have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. The private placement also included the sale of 300,000 shares of Clean Lithium
Corporation s common stock for $300,000. 

On August 28, 2015, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 100,000 shares of its common stock and 100,000 warrants for $70,000. The warrants have
a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. The private placement also included the sale of 180,000 shares of Clean Lithium
Corporation s common stock for $180,000. 

On December 3, 2015, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 500,000 shares of its common stock and 250,000 warrants for $150,000. The warrants have
a five year term and an exercise price of $0.77. The private placement also included the sale of 100,000 shares of Clean Lithium
Corporation s common stock for $100,000. 

In March and April of 2016, the Company completed private placements with investors issuing 554,689 shares
of common stock and 221,875 warrants to purchase common stock for a total aggregate amount of $355,000. The warrants have a five
year term, an exercise price of $0.97 and were exercised in August 2016. The investors were granted 221,875 additional warrants
in August 2016 with a five year term and an exercise price of $2.70 per share. 

On June 3, 2016, the Company entered into a private placement
offering with an investor and sold them 100,000 shares of its common stock for $250,000. 

In September 2016, the Company entered
into a private placement offering with an investor to issue 40,000 shares of common stock and 100,000 warrants to purchase common
stock for $100,000. The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $2.94 per share. 

The securities referenced above
were offered and issued in private transactions in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated
Purchasers  

We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during
the years ended December 31, 2015 or 2014. 

ITEM
                          6.        Selected
Financial Data   

Not applicable. 

ITEM
                          7.        Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following discussion of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report.
This discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.  

Overview  

For over six years, we have been focused exclusively on efforts
to develop a business centered around the commercial manufacturing of pure lithium metal, a raw material for use in lightweight,
high energy density batteries, in an environmentally friendly manner. Additionally we have broadened our focus to include lithium
products and processes derived from our core technology. This includes battery components such as protected anodes and compounds
of lithium, among other things. 

Lithium is the lightest metal with the highest electrochemical
potential, making it a clear choice for batteries. There is a substantial existing market for lithium metal in primary (non-rechargeable)
batteries, and rechargeable batteries, including many future opportunities which exist for next-generation batteries under development. 

We have no revenues and our business is in the development stage.
During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our operations primarily included activities related to developing our
technology and maintaining our public company status. 

As described above under the section heading  Explanatory
Note , this Comprehensive Form 10-K is being filed in order to become current in our filing obligations under the Exchange
Act, and additional filings subsequent to this Comprehensive Form 10-K will be required before we become current with such obligations.
This is our first periodic filing since we filed our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. The discussion
that follows includes a discussion of our results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2015 and December 31, 2014. 

Results of Operations  

Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December
31, 2014   

Revenue   

We had no revenues in either of the years ended December 31,
2015 or 2014 as our business was in the development stage. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were
$1.8 million compared to operating expenses of $127,000 for the year ended December 31, 2014. General and administrative expenses
constituted the majority of our operating expense and consisted of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to
$103,000 for 2014. This increase was due to increased expenses relating to maintaining our public company status and as a result
of increased stock based compensation. The majority of the remaining operating expenses for each of fiscal year 2015 and 2014 consisted
of research and development expenses, totaling $494,000 and $16,000, respectively in each period. The increase in research and
development expenses resulted from scaling up of our efforts to develop and validate our technology. 

Other Income   

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $0 compared
to $80,000 for the year ended December 31, 2014. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we settled outstanding debt of $90,000
with our predecessor auditor, Schulman Wolfson   Abruzzo, LLP for $10,000 in cash. Therefore, we recognized a gain on extinguishment
of accounts payable of approximately $80,000. 

Net Loss   

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $1.8 million
compared to a net loss of $47,000 for the year ended December 31, 2014. Our net loss in 2015 increased as a result of increased
business operations during fiscal year 2015 as we scaled up research and development efforts and expanded our efforts in maintaining
our public company status and as a result of increased stock based compensation totaling $981,000 in 2015 compared to $50,000 for
2014. 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December
31, 2013   

You should read the following discussion of our results of operations
and financial condition for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 with the consolidated financial statements and related notes
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, which was filed with the SEC on February
22, 2016. 

Revenue   

We had no revenues in either of the years ended December 31,
2014 or 2013 as our business was in the development stage. 

Operating Expense   

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 were
$127,000 compared to a operating expenses of $10,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily due to increased
general and administrative expenses relating to maintaining our public company status. 

Other Income   

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $80,000
compared to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2013. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we settled outstanding debt of $90,000
with its predecessor auditor, Schulman Wolfson   Abruzzo, LLP for $10,000 in cash. Therefore, the Company recognized a gain
on extinguishment of accounts payable of approximately $80,000. 

Net Loss   

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $47,000 compared
to a net loss of $10,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our net loss in 2014 increased primarily as a result of increased
business operations during fiscal year 2014 as we scaled up research and development efforts and expanded our efforts in maintaining
our public company status. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of December 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
$10.2 million and working capital of $689,000, compared to accumulated deficit of approximately $8.4 million and negative working
capital of $49,000 at December 31, 2014. A net loss of approximately $1.8 million and $47,000 and approximately $895,000 and $95,000
net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We are attempting to further develop the intellectual property
associated with our core technology; broaden our patent portfolio; scale up our production of various products; and begin generating
revenue. However, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support our daily operations. While we believe in
the viability of our strategy to further develop our technology and generate sufficient revenue and in our ability to raise additional
funds by way of a public or private offering, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon raising additional funds by way of a public or private offering and on our ability to further develop our technology
and generate sufficient revenue. 

From time to time, stockholders of the Company have advanced
funds to us for working capital purposes. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year
ended December 31, 2015, we borrowed approximately $11,000 additional funds from related parties and made $87,000 repayments to
related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we borrowed approximately $60,000 in funds from related parties and made
approximately $13,000 in repayments to related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we also issued 869,565 shares
of our common stock in lieu of payment of $50,000 of our related party advances. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014,
the outstanding amount of the advances from related parties was $62,000 and $138,000, respectively. 

We have also raised funds for general working capital purposes
through private placement sales of our common stock and the sale of the common stock of our subsidiary, Clean Lithium Corporation.
See  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities  above for more information regarding private placements. 

We have limited funds to continue our operating activities.
Future operating activities are expected to be funded by loans from officers, directors and major shareholders, until we begin
to raise capital from non-officers or non-directors or generate cash flows from operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of the date of this report, we have not entered into any
transactions with unconsolidated entities in which we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments
or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities or any other obligations under
a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support. 

Impact of Inflation  

We believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. We cannot assure you that future inflation will not have
an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The significant accounting policies that we believe are the
most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are as follows: 

Use of Estimates . Our unaudited consolidated financial
statements include certain amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. Significant estimates include,
but are not limited to, useful lives assigned to long-lived assets, fair value measurements, stock-based compensation, common stock
issued to acquire licenses, investments, accrued expenses, provisions for income taxes and contingencies. Due to the uncertainty
inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments . Our carrying values
of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses and due to related party approximate their fair values because of the short-term
maturity of these instruments. 

Research and Development.  Research and development costs
are expensed as incurred. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities
are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. Upfront
and milestone payments due to third parties that perform research and development services on the Company s behalf will be
expensed as services are rendered or when the milestone is achieved. 

Research and development costs primarily consist of personnel
related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, payments made to third parties for license
and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to third party contract research organizations,
consultants, the cost of acquiring and manufacturing research trial materials, and costs associated with regulatory filings, laboratory
costs and other supplies. 

In accordance with ASC 730-10-25-1, Research and Development,
costs incurred in obtaining technology licenses are charged to research and development expense if the technology licensed has
not reached commercial feasibility and has no alternative future use. Certain licenses purchased by the Company require substantial
completion of research and development and regulatory and marketing approval efforts in order to reach commercial feasibility and
have no alternative future use. 

Stock-Based Compensation . We expense stock-based compensation
to employees over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards and forfeiture rates.
For stock-based compensation awards to non-employees, the Company remeasures the fair value of the non-employee awards at each
reporting period prior to vesting and finally at the vesting date of the award. Changes in the estimated fair value of these non-employee
awards are recognized as compensation expense in the period of change. 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock options grants
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 

ITEM
                          7A.        Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not applicable 

ITEM
                          8.        Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data   

Our audited financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 are included as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1. Our financial statements and related
notes included for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with
the SEC on February 22, 2016. 

ITEM
                          9.        Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

As previously reported by the Company on a Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on May 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved the dismissal of Li and Company, PC as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm effective as of May 21, 2016. Concurrent with the dismissal of Li and Company, the Board of Directors
ratified and approved the appointment of EisnerAmper LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014 and 2015. 

ITEM
                          9A.        Controls
and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was
required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time,
a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. 

Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the periods covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 were not effective due to the material weaknesses identified below. 

To address these material weaknesses, management performed additional
analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects,
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide
reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The framework used by management in making that assessment
was the criteria set forth in the document entitled  2013 Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, during
the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and
that material weaknesses in ICFR existed as more fully described below. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCOAB ) Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses
which have caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 our internal controls over financial reporting ( ICFR )
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1.  There is a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles in the U.S. ( GAAP ) and the financial reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;   

2.  There are insufficient written policies and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements;   

3.  Insufficient segregation of duties, oversight of work performed and lack of compensating controls
in the Company s finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel;   

4.  Lack of controls in place, including those surrounding related party transactions, to ensure that
all material transactions and developments impacting the financial statements are reflected and properly recorded.   

5.  Management has not performed a proper evaluation of 1) the disclosure controls and procedures and
2) internal controls over financial reporting.   

Notwithstanding the existence of these
material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, the Company s management believes that
the consolidated financial statements included in this Comprehensive Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects the Company s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Internal Control Remediation Efforts. Management
expects to remediate the material weaknesses identified above as follows: 

1.  Management has leveraged and will continue to leverage
experienced consultants to assist with ongoing GAAP and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission compliance requirements. Additionally,
management is actively looking to expand the accounting and finance function within the Company by hiring appropriate staff to
resolve this material weakness in 2017. 

2.  Segregation of duties will be analyzed and adjusted
Company-wide as part of the internal controls implementation that is expected to commence in 2017. 

This
annual report   does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report.  

ITEM
                          9B.        Other
Information   

None. 

PART III  

ITEM
                          10.        Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

The following table shows the positions held by our board of
directors and executive officers, and their ages, as of the date of this Comprehensive Form 10-K: 

Name   

Age   

Position    
 
      Jerome I. Feldman  
       
      88  
       
      Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   
 
      Steven M. Fludder  
       
      56  
       
      Chief Executive Officer   
 
      George McKeegan  
       
      70  
       
      Vice President, Secretary, General Counsel and Director   
 
      Steven M. Payne  
       
      63  
       
      Director   

The background of each of our directors and executive officers
are as follows: 

Jerome I. Feldman  has been our Executive Chairman of
the Board since December 2008 (he previously was the Vice Chairman) and our Chief Executive Officer from March 2011to October 2015,
and has been a member of our board of directors and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since September 2006. In October
2015, he resigned as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Feldman founded GP Strategies Corp., which provides training, engineering
and consulting services to the automotive, steel, energy and government industries, in 1959 and served as its Chief Executive Officer
from 1959 until April 2005, Chairman of the Board from 1999 until April 2005, and President from 1959 until 2001. He has been Chairman
of the Board of Five Star Products, Inc., a paint and hardware distributor, from 1994 until June 2007, a director of GSE Systems,
Inc., a leading global provider of real-time simulation and training solution to the power, process, manufacturing and government
sectors, from 1994 until August 2015, Chairman of the Board of GSE Systems from 1997 until August 2015, and Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer of National Patent Development Corp., which was devoted to searching out new inventions and assisting
major corporations in licensing their technologies, from 2004 until June 2007. He was a director of Valera Pharmaceuticals, a specialty
pharmaceutical company, from January 2005 until April 2007. Mr. Feldman was also Chairman of the New England Colleges Fund and
a Trustee of Northern Westchester Hospital Foundation. He has a B.A. degree from Indiana University and an LL.B degree from New
York University. 

As the Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, Mr. Feldman leads the board and guides our company. Mr. Feldman brings extensive industry knowledge to our company
and a deep background in technology growth companies. 

Steven M. Fludder  became our Chief Executive Officer
on October 20, 2015. He has been involved as a global executive in energy and manufacturing enterprises for more than three decades.
He joined General Electric Company (GE) in 1983 as a design engineer in GE s Aircraft Engines business where he held a series
of increasingly responsible leadership positions, including leading new aircraft engine model product development. In 1993, he
joined GE s Marine   Industrial business where he relocated to Hong Kong and grew this business unit across the Asia
Pacific region. In 1998, he transferred to GE Energy Services and led the growth of GE s power plant aftermarket service
business in North Asia, which included Japan, South Korea, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. In 1999, he became head of GE Energy Services
for the Northeast region of the United States, and, in 2002, he relocated back to Asia and started GE s Wind Energy business
in the Asia region. In 2003, he was appointed President and CEO of GE Energy China, based in Beijing, and led the growth of GE s
Power and Oil   Gas business units in China to more than $1 billion in annual revenue. In 2006, he was elected a corporate
officer by GE s Board of Directors and appointed Vice President of Global Sales for GE Water   Process Technologies,
a division of GE providing worldwide solutions to the water and wastewater industry where he led a team of over 3,000 professionals
located around the globe generating over $2 billion in annual revenue. In 2008, he became the corporation s executive in
charge of ecomagination, which is GE s environmental business strategy involving investments in R D and technology, as
well as venture-backed companies, to create products and solutions that improve environmental impact and reduce operating expenditures
for customers in the power, oil   gas, water, aviation, transportation and consumer appliance industries. In 2010, Mr. Fludder
joined Samsung Engineering Company Limited, based in South Korea, where he served as Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for the
company s Engineering, Procurement and Construction business building power plants, petrochemical plants, water treatment
plants and electronics manufacturing plants around the world. He also served at Samsung Techwin, based in Korea, as President of
the Power Systems division, which manufactures advanced technology aircraft engines, industrial compressors and related equipment
for aviation and energy customers. From 2014 until 2015, Mr. Fludder was Chief Executive of AECOM Technology Corporation s
Energy and Water business lines, which provide engineering and project management services to utility customers around the world.
Mr. Fludder holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Providence College, a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering
from Columbia University and a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

George McKeegan  has been our Vice President or Executive
Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, and a member of our board of directors since May 2006. Since 1986, Mr. McKeegan
has led McKeegan   Shearer, P.C., a law firm engaged in the general practice of civil law and specializing in litigation and
corporate counseling. Prior to that, he served as Vice President at Citibank, N.A. and as an Assistant District Attorney with the
New York County District Attorney s Office. He received a B.A. degree from Fordham College and a J.D. degree from the University
of Michigan. Mr. McKeegan s almost 30 years of working experience in corporate controls and governance makes him well qualified
to be a member of our board. 

Steven M. Payne  has been a member of our board of directors
since May 2006 and was our President from May 2006 to December 2012. Since 1976, Mr. Payne has served as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Quatro Foods Inc., a food service enterprise. He is a director and past Board President of Carbondale Main Street, Inc.,
a local downtown redevelopment corporation, and a director of the Southern Illinois Entrepreneurship and Business Development Center
at Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, Illinois. Mr. Payne is also President of 13 West LLC, a developer and operator of
Mini Storage facilities. He attended Southern Illinois University. Mr. Payne s experience in running businesses and advising
entrepreneurial ventures makes him well qualified to be a member of our board. 

Our directors are divided into three classes. At each annual
meeting of stockholders, directors are elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire and are elected for a term of office
to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. Under our bylaws, the number of directors
constituting the entire board of directors shall be fixed, from time to time, by the directors then in office, who may decrease
or increase the number of directors by majority action without soliciting stockholder approval. We do not currently pay compensation
to directors for service in that capacity. 

Committees of the Board  

We have not established an audit committee, compensation committee
or nominations and governance committee, and we are not required to do so since our shares are not listed on a national securities
exchange. 

Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers  

As of December 31, 2015, due to the timing of a December grant
or restricted stock, Steven M. Fludder, our Chief Executive Officer, incurred a withholding tax obligation of $60,826 related to
the grant of restricted stock. Mr. Fludder paid the Company $60,826 in early 2016 and we subsequently remitted the withholding
amounts, also in early 2016. 

None of our directors or executive officers or their respective
associates or affiliates is indebted to us. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships among our current directors
and executive officers. 

Legal Proceedings  

No officer, director, persons nominated for such positions,
promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   

Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);   

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities;   

Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated;   

Being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; and   

Being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

Code of Ethics  

In December 2007, we adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, which was updated in March 2015. The Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Our Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct is available without charge to any stockholder who makes a written request for a copy. Our Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct is available on our website at http://alpha-encorp.com. If we make any amendments to or grant any waivers from our Code
of Ethics, we will post such information on our website. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Rules adopted by the SEC under Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act, require our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of the issued and outstanding shares of our
equity securities, to file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of such securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4
or 5, as appropriate. Such persons are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all forms they file
pursuant to Section 16(a). 

We believe that all of the officers, directors, and owners of
more than ten percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act for the years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, except as follows: 

In connection with his employment as our Chief Executive
Officer, we granted Mr. Fludder 350,000 shares of our common stock on December 18, 2015 and an additional 650,000 shares of common
stock on January 15, 2016, as well as stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of common. No Form 3 has yet been filed for Mr.
Fludder in connection with commencement of his employment and no Form 4 has yet been filed reporting the stock and option grants
subsequent to his employment. 

ITEM
                          11.        Executive
Compensation   

Summary Compensation Table  

The following table sets forth, for the most recent fiscal year
and prior fiscal year, all cash compensation paid, distributed or accrued, including salary and bonus amounts, for services rendered
to us by our principal executive officer and two other executive officers in such year who received or are entitled to receive
remuneration in excess of $100,000 during the stated period and any individuals for whom disclosure would have been made in this
table but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer as at December 31, 2015: 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

The following tables summarizes equity awards outstanding at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, for each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above: 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2015   

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2014   

Option Awards     
 
     Name    
     Number of  Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options  (#)  Exercisable       
     Number of  Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options  (#)  Unexercisable       
     Option  Exercise  Price  ($)       
     Option  Expiration  Date     
 
     (a)    
     (b)       
     (c)       
     (e)       
     (f)     
 
     Jerome I. Feldman    

Steven M. Fludder    

George McKeegan    
        62,500       
        187,500       
     $  0.10       
         2/20/2018      

Employment Agreements  

As of December 31, 2015, and through the date of this report,
we have no employment agreements in place with any person other than our Chief Executive Officer, Steven M. Fludder. 

Pursuant to a term sheet dated October 20, 2015, Mr. Fludder
agreed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer. We granted Mr. Fludder 350,000 shares of our common stock on December 18, 2015
and an additional 650,000 shares of common stock on January 15, 2016, as well as stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of common
stock vesting in installments after each of the next three years. Mr. Fludder has agreed to maintain the confidentiality of our
technology and intellectual property.  

Director Compensation  

Directors currently receive no compensation for serving on our
board of directors, other than reimbursement of reasonable expenses for attendance at board meetings. No compensation was paid
to our directors in the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

ITEM
                          12.        Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

The table below sets forth information, as of October 11, 2016,
with respect to the beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of our common stock by each person who
is known by the Company to beneficially own more than five percent of the Company's Common Stock, each of our directors and our
named executive officers, and all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

The beneficial ownership of each person was calculated based
on 30,094,186 shares of our common stock outstanding as of October 11, 2016, according to the record ownership listings as of that
date and the verifications we solicited and received from each director and executive officer. The SEC has defined  beneficial
ownership  to mean more than ownership in the usual sense. For example, a person has beneficial ownership of a share not
only if he owns it in the usual sense, but also if he has the power to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the share. Beneficial
ownership also includes the number of shares that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 11, 2016, pursuant
to the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of notes, debentures or other indebtedness, but excludes stock appreciation
rights. Two or more persons might count as beneficial owners of the same share. Unless otherwise noted, the address of the following
persons listed below is c/o alpha-En Corporation, 120 White Plains Road, Suite 425, Tarrytown, New York 10591. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named
in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

(1)  Includes currently exercisable stock options to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock.   

(2)  Includes currently exercisable stock options to purchase 187,500 shares of our common stock.   

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

The following tables provides information as of December 31,
2015 and 2014, with respect to shares of common stock that may be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information
as of December 31, 2015  

Plan category    
     Number of shares of   common stock to be 
 issued   upon exercise of   outstanding options,   warrants and rights   (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise   price of outstanding   options, warrants and  
rights  
(b)       
     Number of securities   remaining available  
for   future issuance under   equity compensation  
plans   (excluding securities   reflected in column  
(a))   (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
                
     $          

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        875,000       
     $  0.30       

Total    
        875,000       
     $  0.30       

Equity Compensation Plan Information
as of December 31, 2014  

Plan category    
     Number of shares of   common stock to be 
 issued   upon exercise of   outstanding options,   warrants and rights   (a)       
     Weighted-average  
exercise   price of outstanding   options, warrants and  
rights   (b)       
     Number of securities   remaining available  
for   future issuance under   equity compensation  
plans   (excluding securities   reflected in column  
(a))   (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
                
     $          

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        287,500       
     $  0.13       

Total    
        287,500       
     $  0.13       

ITEM
                          13.        Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

From time to time, stockholders of the Company have advanced
funds to us for working capital purposes. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year
ended December 31, 2015, we borrowed approximately $11,000 additional funds from its related parties and made $87,000 repayments
to related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we borrowed approximately $60,000 in funds from related parties and
made approximately $13,000 in repayments to related parties. On May 8, 2014, we issued 869,565 shares of common stock to Mr. Feldman
in lieu of payment of $50,000 of the related party advances from Mr. Feldman. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the
outstanding amount of the advances from related parties was $62,000 and $138,000, respectively. 

We have been provided office space by Mr. Feldman at no cost
to date. We determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in our financial statements. 

Director Independence  

Our three current directors are not  independent 
as they are or recently were executive officers of our company. 

ITEM
                          14.        Principal
Accountant Fees and Services   

On May 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved the dismissal
of Li and Company, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm effective as of May 21, 2016. Concurrent
with the dismissal of Li and Company, the Board of Directors ratified and approved the appointment of EisnerAmper as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Audit Fees  

Audit fees are those fees billed for professional services rendered
for the audit of the annual financial statements. A total of $90,000 in audit fees were billed by EisnerAmper for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Audit-related Fees  

Audit-related fees are fees billed for professional services
other than the audit of our financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, no audit-related fees were billed
by EisnerAmper. 

Tax Fees  

Tax fees are those fees billed for professional services rendered
for tax compliance, including preparation of corporate federal and state income tax returns, tax advice and tax planning. For the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, no tax fees were billed by EisnerAmper. 

All Other Fees  

No other fees were billed by our independent registered public
accounting firm in 2015 and 2014. 

Audit Committee  

We have not established an audit committee. Our board of directors
approved the services rendered and fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. Our board of directors has
reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, with our management. In
addition, our board of directors has discussed with EisnerAmper, our independent registered public accounting firm, the matters
required to be discussed by Statement of Auditing Standards No. 61 (Communications with Audit Committee). Our board of directors
also has received the written disclosures and the letter from as required by the Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence
Discussions with Audit Committees) and our board of directors has discussed the independence of EisnerAmper.  

Based on our board of directors  review of the matters
noted above and its discussions with our independent registered public accounting firm and our management, our board of directors
approved the audited financial statements included in in this Comprehensive Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services  

Our board of directors  policy is to pre-approve all audit
services and all non-audit services that our independent registered public accounting firm is permitted to perform for us under
applicable federal securities regulations. As permitted by the applicable regulations, our board of directors  policy utilizes
a combination of specific pre-approval on a case-by-case basis of individual engagements of the independent registered public accounting
firm. 

All engagements of the independent registered public accounting
firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services since that date have been pre-approved by our board of directors in accordance
with the pre-approval policy. The policy has not been waived in any instance. All engagements of the independent registered public
accounting firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services prior to the date the pre-approval policy was implemented
were approved by our board of directors in accordance its normal functions. 

PART IV  

ITEM
                          15.        Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules   

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Comprehensive
Form 10-K: 

1.  Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity
(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and 

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2.  Financial Statement Schedules  

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or
not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.  Exhibits  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   
 
      3.1  
       
      Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the exhibits included with registration of securities on Form 10-SB, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 1997.    

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the exhibits included with quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2008.   

3.3  
       
      Amended and Restated By-Laws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 included with current report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2016.    

10.1  
       
      Lease Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Hudson View Building #3, LLC, dated March 22, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 included with periodic report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2016.    

10.2  
       
      Term Sheet relating to an offer of employment, between the registrant and Steven M. Fludder, dated October 20, 2015.   

21.1  
       
      Subsidiaries of alpha-En Corporation.   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: October 20, 2016  
       ALPHA-EN CORPORATION    

By:  
     
/s/  Jerome I. Feldman   

Jerome I. Feldman   

Executive Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/  Jerome I. Feldman  
       
      Executive Chairman, Chief Financial  
       
      October 20, 2016   
 
      Jerome I. Feldman  
       
      Officer and Treasurer  

(principal financial and accounting officer)  

/s/  Steven M. Fludder  
       
      Chief Executive Officer  
       
      October 20, 2016   
 
      Steven M. Fludder  
       
      (principal executive officer)  

/s/  George McKeegan  
       
      Vice President, Secretary, General Counsel  
       
      October 20, 2016   
 
      George McKeegan  
       
      and Director  

/s/  Steven M. Payne  
       
      Director  
       
      October 20, 2016   
 
      Steven M. Payne  

alpha-En Corporation 

December 31, 2015 and 2014 

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
of 

 alpha-En Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of alpha-En Corporation (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended. The financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of alpha-En Corporation as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately $10.2 million at December 31, 2015, and recurring net losses and net cash
used in operating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/EisnerAmper LLP 

Iselin, New Jersey 

 October 20, 2016 

alpha-En Corporation 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
(Deficit) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December
    31,     

2015       
     2014     
 
     Cash flows from operating activities    

Net loss    
     $  (1,841  )    
     $  (47  )  

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Stock-based compensation    
        981       
        50     
 
     Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable    
        -       
        (80  )  
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities of business    

Prepaid expenses and due from related parties    
        (357  )    
        (5  )  
 
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses    
        322       
        (13  )  
 
     Net cash used in operating activities    
        (895  )    
        (95  )  

Cash flows from investing activities    

Purchase of fixed assets    
        (2  )    
        -     
 
     Net cash used in investing activities    
        (2  )    
        -     

Cash flows from financing activities    

Issuance of subsidiary common stock and warrants for cash    
        765       
        150     
 
     Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in a  private
    placement    
        835       
        -     
 
     Advances from related parties    
        11       
        60     
 
     Repayments of advances from related parties    
        (87  )    
        (13  )  
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities    
        1,524       
        197     

Net increase in cash    
        627       
        102     
 
     Cash at beginning of period    
        103       
        1     
 
     Cash at end of period    
     $  730       
     $  103     

Non cash financing and investing activities:    

Shares issued for debt settlement - related party    
     $  -       
     $  50     
 
     Issuance of restricted stock to employee    
     $  3       
     $  -     

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.  

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 - Organization and Operations  

alpha-En Corporation (together with its subsidiaries,
the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on March 7, 1997 and had operated through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Avenue Pictures, Inc. and its subsidiaries and Wombat Productions, Inc. through May 2, 2006. On June 9, 2008, the Company name
changed to alpha-En Corporation. 

Since 2008, the focus of alpha-En Corporation s
business has been developing new technologies for manufacturing highly pure lithium metal, a raw material for use in lightweight,
high energy density batteries, in an environmentally friendly manner for commercial purposes. 

On February 25, 2009, alpha-En Corporation
was granted a license for an exclusive worldwide, transferable, perpetual license to use certain proprietary technology for the
production of lithium for use in batteries. After much effort, it was determined the process was not commercially feasible and
efforts surrounding this technology were abandoned in 2011. We are currently negotiating an amendment and release related to this
license. 

In 2011-2012 alpha-En Corporation devoted
its resources to developing proprietary technology to produce highly pure lithium metal. 

In 2013, alpha-En Corporation invented a new
process for the production of highly pure lithium metal and associated products at room temperature and subsequently broadened
its focus to develop products and processes derived from its new core proprietary technology, including battery components and
compounds of lithium. 

During the years 2013- the present, alpha-En
Corporation has been exclusively focused on developing its own technology, from the bench scale through multiple validations,
with the end goal of commercialization. During this time, alpha-En Corporation has also been pursuing strategic partnerships both
commercially and with research institutions. 

Formation of Majority-Owned Subsidiary   

In September 2014, alpha-En Corporation formed
Clean Lithium Corporation ( CLC ) under the laws of New York State as a wholly owned subsidiary with a nominal share
capital of $100,000. 

The sale by the Company of subsidiary stock
and alpha-En warrants were as follows: 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Following the sale of CLC s shares,
the ownership is as follows: 

Note 2 - Significant and Critical Accounting
Policies and Practices  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of
Consolidation  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company s subsidiaries. For consolidated entities where the Company owns less than 100% of the
subsidiary, the Company records net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in its consolidated statements of
operations equal to the percentage of the economic or ownership interest retained in such entities by the respective non-controlling
parties.  The Company may consolidate subsidiaries in which it owns less than 50% of the subsidiary but maintains voting
control. 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries: Avenue Pictures, Inc., Wombat Productions, Inc. and Clean
Lithium Corporation. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Use of Estimates  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements include certain amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. The Company s significant
estimates include, but are not limited to, useful lives assigned to long-lived assets, fair value measurements, stock-based compensation,
accrued expenses, provisions for income taxes and contingencies. Due to the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results
may differ from these estimates. 

Fair Value Measurement  

The Company follows accounting guidance on
fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Under the accounting
guidance, fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. 

The accounting guidance requires fair value
measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1 :
Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

  Level 2:  Observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices for similar assets or liabilities that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

  Level 3:  Unobservable
inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and that are financial instruments whose values are determined using
pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination
of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. 

The fair value hierarchy also requires an
entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses.
 The carrying amounts of accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value as these accounts are largely current
and short term in nature.    

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and
2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Cash  

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, substantially
all of the Company s cash was held by major financial institutions and the balance at certain times may exceed the maximum
amount insured by the Federal Deposits Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ).  However, the Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Property and Equipment  

Office equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset, generally five years. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company reviews long-lived assets, including
property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Factors that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review
include significant underperformance of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends,
and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. If an impairment review is performed to evaluate a long-lived
asset for recoverability, the Company compares forecasts of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the long-lived asset to its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be
based on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value. 

Accounting for Warrants  

The Company accounts for the issuance of common
stock purchase warrants issued in connection with the equity offerings in accordance with the provisions of ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ( ASC 815 ).  The Company classifies as equity any contracts that (i) require physical settlement
or net-share settlement or (ii) gives the Company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own shares (physical settlement
or net-share settlement).  The Company classifies as assets or liabilities any contracts that (i) require net-cash settlement
(including a requirement to net-cash settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the control of the Company)
or (ii) gives the counterparty a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). 

The Company assesses the classification of
its common stock purchase warrants as of the date of each offering and reassesses such classification at each financial reporting
date. The Company determined that such instruments did not meet the criteria for liability classification. 

Research and Development  

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed
when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. Upfront and milestone
payments due to third parties that perform research and development services on the Company s behalf will be expensed as
services are rendered or when the milestone is achieved. 

Research and development costs primarily consist
of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation, payments
made to third parties for license and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to third party
contract research organizations, consultants, the cost of acquiring and manufacturing research trial materials, and costs associated
with regulatory filings, laboratory costs and other supplies. 

In accordance with ASC 730-10-25-1,  Research
and Development , costs incurred in obtaining technology licenses are charged to research and development expense if the technology
licensed has not reached commercial feasibility and has no alternative future use. Certain licenses purchased by the Company require
substantial completion of research and development and regulatory and marketing approval efforts in order to reach commercial
feasibility and have no alternative future use. 

Contingencies  

The Company records accruals for contingencies
and legal proceedings expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

If a loss contingency is not probable but
is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate
of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company expenses stock-based compensation
to employees over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards and forfeiture rates.
For stock-based compensation awards to non-employees, the Company remeasures the fair value of the non-employee awards at each
reporting period prior to vesting and finally at the vesting date of the award. Changes in the estimated fair value of these non-employee
awards are recognized as compensation expense in the period of change. 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock
options grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based
awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s
judgment. 

Income Taxes  

The Company records income taxes using the
asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
income tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company establishes a valuation allowance if it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recovered based on an evaluation of objective verifiable evidence. For
tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the Company recognizes the largest amount of the benefit
that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. For tax positions that are not more likely than not of being sustained upon
audit, the Company does not recognize any portion of the benefit. 

Gain From Extinguishment of Accounts Payable  

During the year ended December 31, 2014, the
Company settled outstanding debt of $90,000 with its predecessor auditor, Schulman Wolfson   Abruzzo, LLP for $10,000 in cash.
Therefore, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of accounts payable of approximately $80,000. 

Loss Per Share  

Basic loss per share of common stock is computed
by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for
the period. Diluted loss per share excludes the potential impact of common stock options, unvested shares of restricted stock
and outstanding common stock purchase warrants because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

Securities that could potentially dilute loss
per share in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share at December 31, 2015 and 2014 are
as follows: 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Non-Controlling Interests  

Non-controlling interests in consolidated
entities represent the component of equity in consolidated entities held by third parties. Any change in ownership of a subsidiary
while the controlling financial interest is retained is accounted for as an equity transaction between the controlling and non-controlling
interests. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize right-of-use assets and lease
liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Lessees and lessors are required to
disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess
the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process
of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU 2016-02 on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation-Stock Compensation   (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU
2016-09 ) . Under ASU 2016-09, companies will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in
additional paid-in capital ( APIC ). Instead, they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income
tax expense or benefit in the income statement and the APIC pools will be eliminated. In addition, ASU 2016-09 eliminates the
requirement that excess tax benefits be realized before companies can recognize them. ASU 2016-09 also requires companies to present
excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. Furthermore,
ASU 2016-09 will increase the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception
to liability classification for shares used to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation. An employer
with a statutory income tax withholding obligation will now be allowed to withhold shares with a fair value up to the amount of
taxes owed using the maximum statutory tax rate in the employee s applicable jurisdiction(s). ASU 2016-09 requires a company
to classify the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation
as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. Under current GAAP, it was not specified how these cash flows should be
classified. In addition, companies will now have to elect whether to account for forfeitures on share-based payments by (1) recognizing
forfeitures of awards as they occur or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate
when it is likely to change, as is currently required. These aspects of ASU 2016-09 are effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted provided that all of the guidance is adopted in the same period. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note 3   Going Concern and Liquidity  

The Company has elected to adopt early application
of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ) . 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the consolidated financial
statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately $10.2 million and $8.4 million at December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014, respectively, a net loss of approximately $1.8 million and $47,000 and approximately $895,000 and $95,000 net cash used
in operating activities for the reporting periods then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting to further develop
the intellectual property associated with its technology; broaden its patent portfolio; scale up our production of various products;
and begin generating revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations.
While the Company believes in the viability of its technology and in its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public
or private offering, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering and its ability to further develop its technology
and generate sufficient revenue. 

alpha-En
Corporation  

  December
31, 2015 and 2014  

  Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 4   Property and Equipment  

The components of property and equipment as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, at cost are (dollars in thousands): 

The Company s depreciation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $0. 

Note 5   Related Party Transactions  

Advances from Related Parties   

From time to time, stockholders of the Company
advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the
Company borrowed approximately $11,000 additional funds from its related parties and made $87,000 repayments to related parties.
During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company borrowed approximately $60,000 additional funds from related parties and
made $13,000 repayments to related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company also issued 869,565 shares of
its common stock in lieu of payment of $50,000 to related parties. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the outstanding
amount of the advances from related parties was $62,000 and $138,000, respectively. 

Free Office Space   

The Company has been provided office space
by its Chairman of the Board at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense
in its financial statements. 

Restricted Stock Grant to Chief Executive
Officer and Associated Withholding Payments   

As of December 31, 2015, due to the timing
of a December grant of restricted stock, Steven M. Fludder, Chief Executive Officer, incurred a withholding tax obligation of
$60,826 related to the grant of restricted stock. Mr. Fludder paid the Company the $60,826 in early 2016 and the Company subsequently
remitted the withholding amounts, also in early 2016.  

Other   

The Chairman of the Board's son is an employee
of the Company. His primary role is marketing and business development. 

The son of a member of the Board of Directors
was hired to provide web site development and in 2014 received an option for 420,000 shares as compensation for the work performed.
The option has a strike price of $0.20, five year ratable vesting, a six year term and a grant date fair value of approximately
$55,000. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6   Stockholders  Equity
(Deficit)  

Shares Authorized   

The total number of shares of all classes
of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is thirty-eight million (38,000,000) shares of which two million (2,000,000)
shares are preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, one million (1,000,000) shares are Class B common stock, no par value, and
thirty-five million (35,000,000) shares are common stock, par value $.01 per share. 

Common Stock   

On May 8, 2014, the Company issued 869,565
shares of its common stock in lieu of payment of a $50,000 advance from a related party. 

On October 13, 2014, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to sell 150,000 shares of CLC s common stock and issue 150,000 warrants to
purchase the Company s common stock for $150,000. The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. 

On April 28, 2015, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to sell 100,000 shares of CLC s common stock and issue 350,000 warrants to
purchase the Company s common stock for $100,000. The warrants have a four year term and an exercise price of $0.40. 

On July 30, 2015, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to sell 1,000,000 shares of its common stock and issue 1,000,000 warrants for $700,000.
The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. The private placement also included the sale of 300,000 shares
of CLC s common stock for $300,000. 

On August 28, 2015, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to sell 100,000 shares of its common stock and issue 100,000 warrants for $70,000.
The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.20. The private placement also included the sale of 180,000 shares
of CLC s common stock for $180,000. 

On December 3, 2015, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to sell 500,000 shares of its common stock and issue 250,000 warrants for $150,000.
The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $0.77. The private placement also included the sale of 100,000 shares
of CLC s common stock for $100,000. 

As of December 31, 2015 there were 1,850,000
warrants issued and outstanding. 

Stock Options   

2011 Option Grants  

On February 23, 2011, the Company entered
into an Option Agreement ( Option ) with a company owned 25% by a stockholder/officer, which had been conducting research
and development in connection with the commercial manufacture of lithium metal for use in batteries and other applications under
the Company s proprietary license. 

In exchange for the rights to the research
and development and to further develop the lithium process, the Company granted an option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of its
common stock exercisable at $0.11 per share, expiring five years from the date of the grant. The option was immediately exercisable
and was subject to adjustment by the Company in the event there were any changes in the stock of the Company by reason of stock
dividends, stock splits, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations, exchanges of share or if the number and price
of shares available under the Option should be equitably adjusted by the Company. On May 9, 2014 the Company cancelled the 1,000,000
options by making a payment of $50,000 to the holders. 

On February 24, 2011, the Company granted
a consultant, which conducted research and development in connection with a proof of lithium process, an option to purchase 100,000
common shares exercisable at $0.11 per share. Such option was exercised on January 21, 2016. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2013 Option Grants  

On February 20, 2013, the Company granted
its corporate secretary an option to purchase 250,000 common shares exercisable at $0.10 per share.  The options expire
on February 20, 2018 and vest 25% annually commencing on February 20, 2014. 

2014 Option Grants  

On July 28, 2014, the Company granted an advisory
board member an option to purchase 250,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share. The options expire on July 28, 2019 and
vest 20% annually commencing on July 28, 2015. 

On September 25, 2014, the Company approved
compensatory stock option grants for certain individuals and entities that have provided or have agreed to provide legal, operational
and scientific services to the Company. Such grants are accounted for at fair value over the vesting period. On September 25,
2014, the Company granted an employee an option to purchase 100,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share. The options
expire on September 25, 2018 and vest 50% annually commencing on September 25, 2015. On September 25, 2014, the Company granted
an attorney an option to purchase 150,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share. The options expire on September 25, 2018
and vest 33% annually commencing on September 25, 2015. On September 25, 2014, the Company granted a consultant an option to purchase
420,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share expiring on September 25, 2020. The option vests at 25% annually commencing
on September 25, 2015. On September 25, 2014, the Company granted a consultant an option to purchase 1,000,000 common shares exercisable
at $0.20 per share expiring on September 25, 2020. The option vests at 20% annually commencing on September 25, 2015. On September
25, 2014, the Company granted an advisory board member an option to purchase 250,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share
expiring on September 25, 2019. The option vests 25% on each of September 25, 2015 and 2016, and February 20, 2017 and 2018. 

2015 Option Grants  

On July 28, 2015, the Company granted an employee
an option to purchase 150,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share. The options expire on July 28, 2020 and 50% of the
options vested on July 28, 2016, and the remaining 50% vest on July 28, 2017. 

On October 13, 2015, the Company granted an
employee an option to purchase 300,000 common shares exercisable at $0.36 per share. The options expire on October 13, 2020 and
vest at 33% annually commencing on October 13, 2016. 

On October 20, 2015, Steven M. Fludder was
appointed to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Jerome I. Feldman, the Company s continuing Chairman of the
Board, resigned such position in order to bring in Mr. Fludder. Pursuant to a term sheet, the Company granted Mr. Fludder 350,000
shares of the Company s common stock on December 18, 2015 and an additional 650,000 shares of common stock on January 15,
2016. In addition, the Company granted stock options on October 20, 2015 to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable
at $0.40 per share. 100,000 options vest on October 20, 2016, 75,000 options vest on October 20, 2017 and the remaining 75,000
vest on October 20, 2018. 

On July 28, 2015, the Company granted a consultant
an option to purchase 500,000 common shares exercisable at $0.20 per share expiring on July 28, 2019. The option vests at 20%
annually commencing on July 28, 2015. The Company accounts for this grant at fair value over the vesting period. 

The grant date fair value of stock options
granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $135,000 and $281,000, respectively.  The fair
value of the Company s common stock was based upon the publicly quoted price on the date that the final approval of the
awards was obtained.  The Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future so therefore the expected
dividend yield is 0%.  The expected term for stock options granted with service conditions represents the average period
the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the expected term calculated using the approach prescribed
by the Securities and Exchange Commission s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 for  plain vanilla  options. The
Company obtained the risk-free interest rate from publicly available data published by the Federal Reserve. The Company uses a
methodology in estimating its volatility percentage from a computation that was based on a comparison of average volatility rates
of similar companies to a computation based on the standard deviation of the Company s own underlying stock price's daily
logarithmic returns. The fair value of options granted in 2015 and 2014 was estimated using the following assumptions: 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

A summary of options granted to employees for the year ended
December 31, 2015 is presented below: 

A summary of options that the Company granted to non-employees
for the year ended December 31, 2015 is presented below: 

Estimated future stock-based compensation
expense relating to unvested stock options is approximately $2.9 million as of December 31, 2015. 

A summary of options granted to
employees for the year ended December 31, 2014 is presented below: 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

A summary of options that the Company granted to non-employees
for the year ended December 31, 2014 is presented below: 

Restricted Stock    

On October 20, 2015, Steven M. Fludder was
appointed to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Jerome I. Feldman, the Company s continuing Chairman of the
Board, resigned such position in order to bring in Mr. Fludder. Pursuant to a term sheet the Company granted Mr. Fludder 350,000
shares of the Company s common stock on December 18, 2015 and an additional 650,000 shares of common stock on January 15,
2016. 

A summary of the restricted stock award activity
for the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

Warrants   

A summary of the status of the Company s outstanding warrants
as of December 31, 2015 and changes during the year then ended is presented below: 

A summary of the status of the Company s outstanding warrants
as of December 31, 2014 and changes during the year then ended is presented below: 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Stock-based Compensation Expense   

Stock-based compensation expense for the year
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Note 7   Deferred Tax Assets and
Income Tax Provision  

The Company had no income tax expense due
to operating loss incurred for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

The tax effects of temporary differences and
tax loss and credit carry forwards that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31,
2015 and 2014 are comprised of the following (dollars in thousands): 

At December 31, 2015, the Company had net
operating loss carry forwards for federal and state tax purposes of approximately $900,000 which expires in 2035. The Company
had generated net operating losses, which the Company s preliminary analysis indicates would be subject to significant limitations
pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Therefore, the Company recorded no deferred tax asset related to the Company s
previous net operating loss carryforwards. The Company has not performed a detailed analysis to determine whether
an ownership change under Section 382 of the IRC has occurred. 

alpha-En Corporation 

 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in
which those temporary differences become deductible.  Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income and taxing strategies in making this assessment.  In case the deferred tax assets will
not be realized in future periods, the Company has provided a valuation allowance for the full amount of the deferred tax assets
at December 31, 2015.  The valuation allowance increased by approximately $753,000 and $20,000 for the years ended as
of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The expected tax expense (benefit) based on
the U.S. federal statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense (benefit) as follows:  

The Company has not identified any uncertain tax positions requiring
a reserve as of December 31, 2015. 

The Company is in the process of preparing
all historical federal and state tax returns.  Therefore, the Company s net operating loss carryovers will not be available
to offset future taxable income, if any, until the tax returns are filed. 

Note
8   Subsequent Events   

The Company has evaluated all events that
occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be
reported. The Company determined that the following reportable subsequent event(s) need to be disclosed: 

Pursuant to a term sheet relating to Mr. Fludder s
employment offer, the Company issued Mr. Fludder 650,000 shares of common stock in January 2016. 

On March 22, 2016, the Company entered into
a lease (the  Lease ) with Hudson View Building #3, LLC (the  Landlord ), for office and laboratory space
located in Yonkers, New York (the  Leased Premise ). The Leased Premise consists of approximately 8,000 square feet.
The Lease has a term of 87 months from the lease commencement date, which is the date upon which the Landlord has substantially
completed certain interior leasehold improvements to the Leased Premise. The annual rent for the first year of the lease is approximately
$208,000, increasing by 1.5% on each anniversary of the lease commencement date. In the event of a termination of the Lease following
a default by the Company, the Company will be obligated to pay the sum of the rent payable for the remainder of the Lease term. 

In March and April of 2016, the Company completed
private placements with investors issuing 554,689 shares of common stock and 221,875 warrants to purchase common stock for a total
aggregate amount of $355,000. The warrants have a five year term, an exercise price of $0.97 and were exercised in August 2016. The investors were granted 221,875 additional warrants in August 2016 with a five year
term and an exercise price of $2.70 per share. 

On June 3, 2016, the Company entered into
a private placement offering with an investor to issue 100,000 shares of its common stock for $250,000. 

In September 2016, the
Company entered into a private placement offering with an investor to issue 40,000 shares of common stock and 100,000 warrants
to purchase common stock for $100,000. The warrants have a five year term and an exercise price of $2.94 per share. 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 v450558_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

 October 20, 2015 

Dear Steve: 

The following agreement accurately reflects our contract, which
will be updated as soon as possible following execution of this document. 

a)  The term of this agreement is for 3 years; however, either party may cancel at any time with 30 days notice.   

b)  You are to receive $5,000 per month as salary, until the company has raised $5 million dollars, at which time your salary will
increase to $10,000 per month.   

d)  You are to receive 250,000 options in alpha-En Corporation as follows 100,000 options one year from the date of this agreement,
an additional 75,000 options in alpha-En Corporation 2 years from the date of this agreement, and an additional 75,000 options
in alpha-En Corporation 3 years from the date of this agreement. Said options to be under our new stock option program which will
be issued shortly.   

e)  Your position is chief executive Officer of alpha-En Corporation. After we are out of the dark reporting status you will join
the board of directors.   

f)  You will serve at the pleasure of the board of directors and its chairman, Jerome I. Feldman.   

g)  You are to be an employee of the company.   

h)  You will execute any agreements which will expand the confidentiality of the NDA previously signed by you   

i)  This agreement will be governed by NY State law.   

/s/ Jerome I. Feldman 
       
     /s/ Steven M. Fludder  
 
     Jerome I. Feldman 
       
     Steven M. Fludder  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 v450558_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

Subsidiaries of alpha-En Corporation  

Subsidiary    
     State of Incorporation    
     Owner    
     Percentage     
 
     Avenue Pictures, Inc.(1)    
     Delaware    
     alpha-En Corporation    
        100  %  
 
     Clean Lithium Corporation    
     New York    
     alpha-En Corporation    
        91.7  %  
 
     Wombat Productions, Inc.(1)    
     Delaware    
     alpha-En Corporation    
        100  %  

(1) Inactive subsidiary dissolved in 2016. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v450558_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

The undersigned, in the capacity and date indicated below, hereby
certifies that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of alpha-En Corporation;  
 
   2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;  
 
   3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  
 
   4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 
   b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 
   c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  
 
   d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  
 
   b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 20, 2016  
      /s/ Steven M. Fludder  

Steven M. Fludder   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v450558_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

The undersigned, in the capacity and date indicated below, hereby
certifies that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of alpha-En Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 20, 2016  
      /s/ Jerome I. Feldman  

Jerome I. Feldman   

Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
                                      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v450558_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

In connection with the Annual Report of alpha-En Corporation
(the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the periods ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in his capacity as an officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to his knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.   

Date: October 20, 2016  
      /s/ Jerome I. Feldman  

Jerome I. Feldman   

Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date: October 20, 2016  
      /s/ Steven M. Fludder  

Steven M. Fludder   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 alpe-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 alpe-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 alpe-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 alpe-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 alpe-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 alpe-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

