<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1444397_0001144204-16-131594_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9237882</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92623</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>372391</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2915946</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4352151</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1296408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131594.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104105109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131594
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocean Shore Holding Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				800282446
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53856
		FILM NUMBER:		161974012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 ASBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			OCEAN CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-771-7990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 ASBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			OCEAN CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131594.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451496_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly
period ended  September 30, 2016  

OR 

For
the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission
file number:  0-53856  

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(609) 399-0012  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one) 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer   x   
 
      Non-accelerated Filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company       
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes     No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Issuer s
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 

 At November 1, 2016, the registrant had 6,522,587 shares of
$0.01 par value common stock outstanding. 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. 

FORM 10-Q  

INDEX  

Page   
 
      PART I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      2   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      4   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      25   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      38   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      38   

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      38   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      39   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      39   

Item 3.  
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      39   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      39   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      39   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      39   

SIGNATURES   
       
     40  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1  

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2  

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3  

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (All dollar amounts presented in the tables, except share
and per share amounts, are in thousands)  

1.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 
- The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ocean Shore Holding Co. (the  Company )
and its subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with instructions to Form 10-Q, pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for interim information, and, therefore, do not include
information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
However, all normal recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the condensed
consolidated financial statements have been included. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2015. The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period. The Company has evaluated
subsequent events through the date of the issuance of its financial statements. 

On July 12, 2016, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with OceanFirst Financial Corp. ( OceanFirst ),
the parent company of OceanFirst Bank, and Masters Merger Sub Corp. ( Merger Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of OceanFirst.
Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge (the  First-Step Merger )
with and into Ocean Shore, with Ocean Shore as the surviving entity, and immediately following the effective time of the First-Step
Merger, Ocean Shore will merge with and into OceanFirst, with OceanFirst as the surviving entity (together with the First-Step
Merger, the  Integrated Mergers ). It is anticipated that immediately following the consummation of the Integrated
Mergers, Ocean City Home Bank, a federal savings bank, will merge with and into OceanFirst Bank, a federal savings bank, with OceanFirst
Bank as the surviving bank. See footnote 12 for more information on business combination. 

Use of
Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements  - The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
income and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates and assumptions relate to the allowance for loan
losses, other-than-temporary impairment on investment securities, goodwill and intangible impairment, deferred income taxes and
the fair value measurements of financial instruments. Actual results could differ from those estimates   under
different assumptions and conditions, and the differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements.  

New Accounting
Pronouncements        In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, which created
Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) ASC 606   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   superseding
the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605. This ASU requires an entity to recognize revenue for the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The amendment includes a five-step process to assist an entity in achieving the main principle(s)
of revenue recognition under ASC 605. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first annual period ending after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and should be applied on a prospective basis. Early
adoption of the guidance is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial position,
results of operations and disclosures.  

4  

In August 2014, the FASB also issued ASU
2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This ASU requires management
to perform an assessment of going concern and provides specific guidance on when and how to assess or disclose going concern uncertainties.
The new standard also defines terms used in the evaluation of going concern, such as  substantial doubt.  Following application,
the Company will be required to perform assessments at each annual and interim period, provide an assessment period of one year
from the issuance date, and make disclosures in certain circumstances in which substantial doubt is identified. The amendment will
be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier application is permitted. The
Company does not expect this ASU to have an impact on its financial position, result of operations, or disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments - Overall  (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.
This amendment requires that 1) equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or result
in consolidation of the investee, be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value being recorded in net income, unless
those equity investments do not have readily determinable fair values in which case they will be measured at cost less impairment,
if any, plus the effect of changes resulting from observable price transactions in orderly transactions or for the identical or
similar investment of the same issuer, 2) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity instruments that do not have readily determinable
fair values, 3) eliminates the requirement to disclose methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value of instruments measured
at amortized cost on the balance sheet, 4) requires public entities to use  exit price  when measuring the fair value
of financial instruments, 5) requires entities to separately present in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change
in fair value of a liability resulting from instrument-specific credit risk when the fair value option has been elected for that
liability, 6) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of
financial asset on the balance sheet or in the accompanying notes, and 7) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for
a valuation allowance on its deferred tax asset related to its available-for-sale securities in combination with its other deferred
tax assets. This amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017,
with earlier adoption permitted by public entities on a limited basis. Adoption of the amendment must be applied by means of a
cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, except for amendments related
to equity instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values which should be applied prospectively. Earlier application
is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU on its financial position, results
of operations and disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
  Compensation - Stock Compensation  (Topic 718) . The ASU simplifies various aspects relating to share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, accounting
for forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first
reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. If early adopted, an entity must adopt all of
the amendments in the same period. Depending on the area of change, the amendment will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively
or by using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this
ASU on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures. 

5  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses of Financial Instruments.  This ASU
requires entities to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.  Entities will now use forward-looking information to better
form their credit loss estimates.  The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial statement users better
understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting
standards of an entity s portfolio. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period beginning
after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impacts of the
adoption of this ASU on its financial position, results of operation and disclosures. 

2.    INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

Investment securities are summarized as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had investment securities available for sale with an estimated fair value of $99.7 million and $97.9 million,
respectively, pledged as collateral to secure public fund deposits. 

6  

The following table provides the gross
unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Management has reviewed its investment
securities as of September 30, 2016 and has determined that all declines in fair value below amortized cost are temporary. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment ( OTTI ) at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such
evaluation. The OTTI assessment is a subjective process requiring the use of judgments and assumptions. During the securities-level
assessments, consideration is given to (1) the intent not to sell and probability that the Company will not be required to sell
the security before recovery of its cost basis to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, (2) the financial condition
and near-term prospects of the issuer, as well as company news and current events, and (3) the ability to collect the future expected
cash flows. Key assumptions utilized to forecast expected cash flows may include loss severity, expected cumulative loss percentage,
cumulative loss percentage to date, weighted average FICO and weighted average loan-to-value ( LTV ), rating or scoring,
credit ratings and market spreads, as applicable. 

The Company assesses and recognizes OTTI
in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Under these standards, if the Company determines that a security in the unrealized
loss position is designated to be sold or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security prior
to recovery of its amortized cost basis, the impairment of such security is concluded to be other than temporary and the entire
amount of the unrealized loss will be recorded in earnings. If the Company has not made a decision to sell the security and it
does not expect that it will be required to sell the security prior to the recovery of the amortized cost basis but the Company
concludes that the entire amortized cost basis of the security will not be recovered, while the OTTI is concluded to exists, the
Company only recognizes currently in earnings the amount of decline in value attributable to credit deterioration, with the remaining
component of OTTI presented in other comprehensive income. 

7  

Corporate
Debt Securities  - The Company s investments in the preceding table in corporate debt securities consist of corporate
debt securities issued by large financial institutions and single issuer and pooled trust preferred/collateralized debt obligations
backed by bank trust preferred capital securities.  

At September
30, 2016, two single issuer trust preferred securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer.
Those securities have an aggregate depreciation of 25.4% from the Company s amortized cost basis. The initial decline of
these securities was primarily attributable to depressed market pricing of non-rated issues of trust preferred securities observed
during the financial downturn. The unrealized loss position continued to improve, and the current decline of these debt securities
is principally attributable to the rising interest rate environment and depressed pricing on lower yielding investments with prolonged
maturities, which had an impact for these types of investments. These securities were performing in accordance with their contractual
terms as of September 30, 2016, and had paid all contractual cash flows since the Company s initial investment. Management
believes these unrealized losses are not other-than-temporary based upon the Company s analysis that the securities will
perform in accordance with their terms and the Company s intent not to sell these investments for a period of time sufficient
to allow for the anticipated recovery of fair value, which may be maturity.  The Company expects recovery of fair value when
market conditions have stabilized and that the Company will receive all contractual principal and interest payments related to
those investments.  

United
States Treasury, US Federal Agencies and Government Sponsored Enterprise Mortgage-backed Securities  - The Company s investments
in the preceding table in United States government sponsored enterprise notes consist of debt obligations of the Federal Home Loan
Bank ( FHLB ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( FHLMC ), and Federal National Mortgage Association
( FNMA ). At September 30, 2016 the Company had 11 agency mortgage-backed securities with unrealized losses for 12
months or longer. Those securities had aggregate depreciation of 1.5% from the Company s amortized cost basis. These securities
were performing in accordance with their contractual terms as of September 30, 2016, and had paid all contractual cash flows since
the Company s initial investment and that the Company expects to receive all contractual principal and interest payments
related to those investments. Management believes these unrealized losses are not   other-than-temporary
based upon the Company s analysis that the securities will perform in accordance with their terms and the Company s
intent not to sell these investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for the anticipated recovery of fair value, which
may be maturity.  

The amortized
cost and estimated fair value of debt securities available for sale and held to maturity at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity
are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay
obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  

Equity securities had a cost of $3 thousand and a fair value
of $5 thousand as of September 30, 2016. Mortgage-backed securities had a cost of $96.3 million and a fair value of $96.1 million
as of September 30, 2016. 

8  

3.    LOANS RECEIVABLE   NET  

Loans receivable consist of the following: 

The Bank originates loans to customers
primarily in its local market area. The ultimate repayment of these loans is dependent to a certain degree on the local economy
and real estate market. The intent of management is to hold loans originated and purchased to maturity. 

Changes in the allowance
for loan losses are as follows: 

The provision for loan losses charged to
expense is based upon past loan loss experiences, a series of qualitative factors, and an evaluation of losses in the current loan
portfolio, including the specific evaluation of impaired loans. Values assigned to the qualitative factors and those developed
from historic loss experience provide a dynamic basis for the calculation of reserve factors for both pass rated loans (general
pooled allowance) and the criticized and classified loans that continue to perform. 

9  

Non-performing assets segregated by class of loans are as follows: 

A rollforward of the Company s nonaccretable and accretable
yield on loans accounted for under ASU 310-30,  Loans and Debts Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality , is
shown below for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

10  

An age analysis of past due loans, segregated by class of loans,
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

11  

Impaired
loans are set forth in the following table. No interest income was recognized on impaired loans subsequent to their classification
as impaired.  

12  

Included in the Company s loan portfolio
are modified commercial loans. Per FASB ASC 310-40,  Troubled Debt Restructuring ( TDR ),  a modification is one
in which the creditor, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial difficulties, grants a concession
to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider, such as providing for a below market interest rate and/or forgiving principal
or previously accrued interest; this modification may stem from an agreement or be imposed by law or a court, and may involve a
multiple note structure. Generally, prior to the modification, the loans which are modified as a TDR are already classified as
non-performing. These loans may only be returned to performing (i.e. accrual status) after considering the borrower s sustained
repayment performance for a reasonable amount of time, generally six months; this sustained repayment performance may include the
period of time just prior to the restructuring. As of September 30, 2016, the Company entered into 21 TDR agreements with a total
carrying value of $4.8 million, of which three were not performing totaling $961 thousand as compared to 18 TDR agreements with
a total carrying value of $4.2 million of which five were not performing totaling $660 thousand as of September 30, 2015. The Company
entered into one new TDR agreement totaling $592 thousand during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 as
compared to two and eight new TDR agreements during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015 totaling $321 thousand
and $1.2 million, respectively. 

Federal regulations require us to review
and classify our assets on a regular basis. In addition, federal banking regulators have the authority to identify problem assets
and, if appropriate, require them to be classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard, doubtful and
loss.  Substandard assets  must have one or more defined weaknesses and are characterized by the distinct possibility
that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Doubtful assets  have the weaknesses of substandard
assets with the additional characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions and values questionable, and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified as  loss 
is considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset of the institution is not warranted. The regulations
also provide for a  special mention  category, described as assets which do not currently expose us to a sufficient
degree of risk to warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving our close attention.
When we classify an asset as substandard or doubtful we establish a specific allowance for loan losses. If we classify an asset
as loss, we charge off an amount equal to 100% of the portion of the asset classified as loss. 

13  

The following
table presents classified loans by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

The following
table presents the credit risk profile of loans based on payment activity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

14  

The following
table details activity in the allowance for possible loan losses by portfolio segment for the periods ended September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category does not preclude its availability to absorb losses
in other categories.  

15  

Deposits consist of the following major classifications:   

The aggregate amount of certificate accounts
in denominations of $100 thousand or more at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 amounted to $79.0 million and $70.6 million,
respectively. Currently, deposits in excess of $250 thousand are generally not federally insured. 

Municipal
demand deposit accounts in denominations of $100 thousand   or more at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 amounted to $203.6 million and $194.6 million, respectively.  

5.    EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic net income per share is based upon
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, net of any treasury shares, while diluted net income per share is based
upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, net of any treasury shares, after consideration of the potential
dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, based upon the treasury stock method using an average market price for the period,
and impact of unallocated Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) shares. 

The calculated basic and dilutive EPS are
as follows: 

At September
30, 2016 and 2015, there were 179,938 and 318,265 outstanding anti-dilutive options, respectively, 25,620 and 35,150 outstanding
dilutive non-vested shares, respectively.  

16  

6.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

Stock-based compensation is accounted
for in accordance with FASB ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . The Company establishes fair value for its
equity awards to determine their cost. The Company recognizes the related expense for employees over the appropriate vesting
period, or when applicable, service period. However, consistent with the stock compensation topic of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification, the amount of stock-based compensation recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant date
value of the award that is vested at that date and as a result it may be necessary to recognize the expense using a ratable method.
In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50,  Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees,  the compensation expense for non-employees
is recognized on the grant date, or when applicable, the service period. 

The Company s 2005 and 2010 Equity-Based
Incentive Plans (the  Equity Plans ) authorize the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to awards that may
be granted in the form of stock options to purchase common stock ( options ) and awards of shares of common stock
( stock awards ). The purpose of the Equity Plans is to attract and retain personnel for positions of substantial
responsibility and to provide additional incentive to certain officers, directors, advisory directors, employees and other persons
to promote the success of the Company. Under the Equity Plans, options expire ten years after the date of grant, unless terminated
earlier under the option terms. A committee of non-employee directors has the authority to determine the conditions upon which
the options granted will vest. Options are granted at the then fair market value of the Company s stock. 

A summary of the status of the Company s
stock options under the Equity Plans as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and changes during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 are presented below: 

(1) Includes
vested shares and nonvested shares after a forfeiture rate, which is based upon historical data, is applied.  

The
following table summarizes all stock options outstanding under the Equity Plan as of September 30, 2016:  

The compensation expense recognized for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $45 thousand and $135 thousand, respectively, as compared to $46 thousand
and $138 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

17  

At
September 30, 2016, there was $118 thousand of total unrecognized compensation cost related to options granted under the stock
option plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.9   years.  

Summary
of Non-vested Stock Award Activity:  

The compensation expense recognized for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $30 thousand and $93 thousand, respectively, as compared to $45 thousand
and $208 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2016, there was $257 thousand of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock awards. That
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.1 years  .  

7.    INCOME TAXES    

Income tax expense was $2.6 million for
an effective tax rate of 33.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.6 million for an effective tax rate
of 33.5% for the same period in 2015. 

Periodic reviews of the carrying amount
of deferred tax assets are made to determine if the establishment of a valuation allowance is necessary. If based on the available
evidence in future periods, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company s deferred tax assets will not
be realized, a deferred tax valuation allowance would be established. Consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence
related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. Items considered in this evaluation include historical financial performance,
expectation of future earnings, the ability to carry back losses to recoup taxes previously paid, length of statutory carryforward
periods, experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, tax planning strategies and timing of
reversals of temporary differences. Significant judgment is required in assessing future earnings trends and the timing of reversals
of temporary differences. The evaluation is based on current tax laws as well as expectations of future performance. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no valuation allowance has been recorded for any portfolio of the outstanding deferred tax asset. 

The Company recognizes, when applicable,
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated income statement.
As of September 30, 2016, the tax years ended December 31, 2012 through 2015 were subject to examination by the Internal Revenue
Service, while the tax years ended December 31, 2011 through 2015 were subject to New Jersey examination. 

18  

8.    STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

During the third quarter of 2016, the Board of Directors of
the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share, which was paid on August 26, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the
close of business on August 5, 2016. 

No reclassification adjustments were recognized
in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. A summary of the changes in
components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented below: 

9.    FAIR
                                         VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company accounts for fair value measurement
in accordance with FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures .  FASB ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.  FASB ASC 820 does not
require any new fair value measurements. The definition of fair value retains the exchange price notion in earlier definitions
of fair value. FASB ASC 820 clarifies that the exchange price is the price in an orderly transaction between market participants
to sell the asset or transfer the liability in the market in which the reporting entity would transact for the asset or liability.
The definition focuses on the price that would be received to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability (an exit price),
not the price that would be paid to acquire the asset or received to assume the liability (an entry price). FASB ASC 820 emphasizes
that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement.  FASB ASC 820 also clarifies the
application of fair value measurement in a market that is not active. 

FASB ASC 820 describes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1
- Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2
- Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the
full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3
- Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted
cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant
management judgment or estimation. 

19  

The Company s assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific
to the asset or liability. 

In addition, the Company is to disclose
the fair value measurements for financial assets on both a recurring and non-recurring basis. 

The following tables presents assets that
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis by major product category and fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

In accordance with the fair value measurement
and disclosures topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification management assessed whether the volume and level of activity
for certain assets have significantly decreased when compared with normal market conditions. The Company concluded that there
was not a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity with respect to certain investments included in the corporate
debt securities and classified as level 2 in accordance with the framework for fair value measurements. Fair value for such securities
is obtained from third party broker quotes. The Company evaluated these values to determine that the quoted price is based on
current information that reflects orderly transactions or a valuation technique that reflects market participant assumptions by
benchmarking the valuation results and assumptions used against similar securities that are more actively traded in order to assess
the reasonableness of the estimated fair values. The fair market value estimates we assign to these securities assume liquidation
in an orderly fashion and not under distressed circumstances. 

Certain assets are measured at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value
adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The Company measures impaired loans,
FHLB stock and loans or bank properties transferred into other real estate owned at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

20  

Summary of Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements   

Impaired Loans   

The Company considers a loan to be impaired
when it becomes probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of
the loan agreement. Under FASB ASC 310, collateral dependent impaired loans are valued based on the fair value of the collateral,
which is based on appraisals, less cost to sell. These adjustments are based upon observable inputs, and therefore, the fair value
measurement has been categorized as a level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised values for various
factors, including age of the appraisal, age of the comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market and
in the collateral. These adjustments are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement has been categorized
as a Level 3 measurement.  At September 30, 2016, total loans remeasured at fair value were $3.7 million. Such loans were
carried at the value of $3.9 million immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in the recognition of impairment through earnings
for the life of the loan in the amount of $222 thousand. At September 30, 2015, total loans remeasured at fair value were $3.9
million. Such loans were carried at the value of $4.0 million immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in the recognition
of impairment through earnings for the life of the loan in the amount of $123 thousand. 

Real Estate Owned   

Once an asset is determined to be uncollectible,
the underlying collateral is repossessed and reclassified to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets. These assets are carried
at lower of cost or fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell. These adjustments are based upon observable inputs, and therefore,
the fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised
values for various factors, including age of the appraisal, age of the comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes
in the market and in the collateral. These adjustments are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement
has been categorized as a Level 3 measurement. At September 30, 2016, total real estate owned remeasured at fair value was $575
thousand. These properties were carried at a value of $705 thousand immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in $130 thousand
of impairment through earnings. At September 30, 2015, total real estate owned remeasured at fair value was $1.6 million. These
properties were carried at a value of $1.8 million immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in $255 thousand of impairment
through earnings. 

21  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

In accordance with FASB ASC 825-10-50-10, 
 the Company is required to disclose the fair value of financial instruments. The fair value of a financial instrument is
the current amount that would be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a distressed sale. Fair value is best determined
using observable market prices; however, for many of the Company s financial instruments, no quoted market prices are readily
available. In instances where quoted market prices are not readily available, fair value is determined using present value or other
techniques appropriate for the particular instrument. These techniques involve some degree of judgment and, as a result, are not
necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange. Different assumptions or estimation
techniques may have a material effect on the estimated fair value. The following table summarizes these results: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   For
cash and cash equivalents, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value.  

Investment and Mortgage-Backed
Securities   For investment securities, fair values are based on a combination of quoted
prices for identical assets in active markets, quoted prices for similar assets in markets that are either actively or not actively
traded and pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques that may contain unobservable inputs that
are supported by little or no market activity and require significant judgment. For investment securities that do not actively
trade in the marketplace, (primarily our investment in trust preferred securities of non-publicly traded companies) fair value
is obtained from third party broker quotes. The Company evaluates prices from a third party pricing service, third party broker
quotes, and from another independent third party valuation source to determine their estimated fair value. These quotes are benchmarked
against similar securities that are more actively traded in order to assess the reasonableness of the estimated fair values. The
fair market value estimates we assign to these securities assume liquidation in an orderly fashion and not under distressed circumstances.
For securities classified as available for sale, the changes in fair value are reflected in the carrying value of the asset and
are shown as a separate component of stockholders  equity.  

22  

Loans Receivable - Net   The
fair value of loans receivable is estimated based on the present value using discounted cash flows based on estimated market discount
rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers and reflect similar credit ratings and interest rate risk for the same
remaining maturities.  

FHLB Stock   Although
FHLB stock is an equity interest in an FHLB, it is carried at cost because it does not have a readily determinable fair value as
its ownership is restricted and it lacks a market. While certain conditions are noted that required management to evaluate the
stock for impairment, it is currently probable that the Company will realize its cost basis. Management concluded that no impairment
existed as of September 30, 2016. The estimated fair value approximates the carrying amount.  

NOW and Other Demand Deposit, Passbook
Savings and Club, and Certificates Accounts   The fair value of NOW and other demand
deposit accounts and passbook savings and club accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of
certificates is estimated by discounting future cash flows using interest rates currently offered on certificates with similar
remaining maturities.  

Advances from FHLB   The
fair value was estimated by determining the cost or benefit for early termination of each individual borrowing.  

Junior Subordinated Debenture   The
fair value was estimated by discounting approximate cash flows of the borrowings by yields estimating the fair value of similar
issues.  

Commitments to Extend Credit and
Letters of Credit   The majority of the Bank s commitments to extend credit and
letters of credit carry current market interest rates if converted to loans. Because commitments to extend credit and letters of
credit are generally unassignable by either the Bank or the borrower, they only have value to the Bank and the borrower. The estimated
fair value approximates the recorded deferred fee amounts, which are not significant.  

The fair
value estimates presented herein are based on pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts
have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these consolidated financial statements since September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, and, therefore, current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein.  

10.    GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Goodwill totaled $4.6 million at September
30, 2016 as compared to $4.6 million at December 31, 2015. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of August
1, 2016 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired.   At September 30, 2016, no triggering events have occurred from the
date of the impairment test that would have impaired goodwill. 

The core deposit intangible totaled $365
thousand at September 30, 2016 as compared to $440 thousand at December 31, 2015. The core deposit intangible is being amortized
over its estimated useful life of approximately 15 years from August 1, 2011. 

23  

Summary of Real Estate Owned ( REO ): 

12.    BUSINESS COMBINATION  

On July 12, 2016, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with OceanFirst Financial Corp. ( OceanFirst ),
the parent company of OceanFirst Bank, and Masters Merger Sub Corp. ( Merger Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of OceanFirst.
Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge (the  First-Step Merger )
with and into Ocean Shore, with Ocean Shore as the surviving entity, and immediately following the effective time of the First-Step
Merger, Ocean Shore will merge with and into OceanFirst, with OceanFirst as the surviving entity (together with the First-Step
Merger, the  Integrated Mergers ). It is anticipated that immediately following the consummation of the Integrated
Mergers, Ocean City Home Bank, a federal savings bank, will merge with and into OceanFirst Bank, a federal savings bank, with OceanFirst
Bank as the surviving bank. 

At the effective time of the First-Step
Merger, the Company s stockholders will be entitled to receive $4.35 in cash and 0.9667 shares of OceanFirst common stock,
par value $0.01 per share ( OceanFirst Common Stock  and, together with such cash consideration, the  Merger
Consideration ), for each share of Company common stock. Additionally, all outstanding and unexercised options to purchase
Company common stock will fully vest and will convert into the right to receive a number of shares of OceanFirst Common Stock (rounded
down to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Ocean Shore Common Stock subject to such
Ocean Shore stock option immediately prior to the effective time by (ii) 1.2084; and the exercise price per share of the new option
will be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the per share exercise price for the shares of Ocean Shore Common Stock
subject to such Ocean Shore option by (b) 1.2084 (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). Each outstanding Company restricted stock
award will vest at the effective time and will convert into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. 

Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the closing conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, including (1) the approval of the Merger Agreement by the Company s
stockholders, (2) the approval of the issuance of shares of OceanFirst Common Stock by OceanFirst s stockholders, (3) the
effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 for the OceanFirst Common Stock to be issued in the transaction, (4) the
receipt of required regulatory approvals, and (5) receipt by each party of an opinion from its counsel to the effect that the Merger
will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, OceanFirst
and the Company expect that the transaction will be completed on November 30, 2016. However, it is possible that factors outside
the control of both companies could result in the merger being completed at a different time or not at all. 

The SEC declared the registration statement on Form S-4 effective
on October 19, 2016 and the joint proxy statement/prospectus was mailed to Ocean Shore and OceanFirst stockholders on or around
October 21, 2016. Special meeting of the Company s and OceanFirst stockholders will be held on November 22, 2016 to obtain
the requisite stockholder approval. 

24  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT  

This Quarterly Report may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are statements
based on Ocean Shore Holding s current expectations regarding its business strategies and their intended results and its
future performance. Forward-looking statements are preceded by terms such as  expects,   believes,   anticipates, 
 intends  and similar expressions. 

Management s ability to predict results
or the effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. These factors include, but are not limited to, general economic
conditions, changes in the interest rate environment, legislative or regulatory changes that may adversely affect our business,
changes in accounting policies and practices, changes in competition and demand for financial services, adverse changes in the
securities markets and changes in the quality or composition of the Company s loan or investment portfolios. Additional factors
that may affect our results are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under  Item 1A.
Risk Factors.  These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements and undue reliance should
not be placed on such statements. Ocean Shore Holding assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

GENERAL  

Ocean Shore Holding Co. ( Ocean Shore
Holding  or the  Company ) is the holding company for Ocean City Home Bank (the  Bank ). The Company s
assets consist of its investment in Ocean City Home Bank and its liquid investments. The Company is primarily engaged in the business
of directing, planning, and coordinating the business activities of the Bank. 

Ocean City Home Bank is a federally chartered
savings bank. The Bank operates as a community-oriented financial institution offering a wide range of financial services to consumers
and businesses in our market area. The Bank attracts deposits from the general public, small businesses and municipalities and
uses those funds to originate a variety of consumer and commercial loans, which we hold primarily for investment. 

MARKET AREA   

We are headquartered in Ocean City, New
Jersey, and serve the southern New Jersey shore communities through a total of eleven full-service offices, of which nine are located
in Atlantic County and two in Cape May County. Our markets are in the southeastern corner of New Jersey, approximately 65 miles
east of Philadelphia and 130 miles south of New York. 

25  

The economy of Atlantic County is dominated
by the service sector, of which the gaming industry in nearby Atlantic City is the primary employer. Atlantic City operated eight
casinos during 2015 with a combined employment of just over 23,000 people. The Trump Taj Mahal closed in September 2016, reducing
the number of casinos to seven. Both the Borgata and Tropicana Casinos are undergoing major renovations in 2016. The Borgata will
invest over $50 million into a new outdoor pool, nightclub, fine dining restaurant and 250,000 square feet of convention space.
Tropicana will invest $25 million into the renovation of 500 hotel rooms and updated casino floor space. Atlantic City saw an increase
in convention traffic resulting, in part, from the opening of a $134 million convention center at Harrah s Resort. Convention
bookings increased 23% from 2014 to 2015 as 218 conventions brought in over 450,000 attendees. In order to mitigate the loss of
jobs from casino closures while positioning Atlantic City for future growth in other industries, several other ventures in the
area, which are expected to create employment, have recently been announced or are at the final stages of completion. A Bass Pro
Shop opened in 2015. The Pier Shops of Caesars received a $50 million renovation and were reopened as the Playground, a 500,000
square-foot shopping and entertainment complex. Major Atlantic City development was announced at the end of 2015. If approved,
Atlantic City would become home to a Stockton University satellite campus, a new South Jersey Gas headquarters and an 886-space
parking garage upon project completion in 2018. We do not maintain any branches in Atlantic City, but Atlantic City is within our
lending area and some of our borrowers are employed in the gaming industry. We closely monitor the economic environment in our
market area and in Atlantic City in particular, and we track our exposure to borrowers who are employed in the gaming industry.
Outside of Atlantic City, the FAA Technical Center continues to be a major employer in the region with nearly 2,000 people employed
by the FAA and supporting contractors. Development of the Aviation and Research Development Park (Next Gen) has progressed since
forming collaboration with Stockton University. Once completed, the complex will contain a combination of operational facilities,
services, laboratory systems and simulators that can create the operational environment in a way that any researcher can conduct
realistic and relevant research in an effort to gain insight, analyses, or validation of advanced aviation concepts, applications,
and services. Additional development outside of Atlantic City includes a 100 unit housing complex in downtown Egg Harbor City and
135 unit mixed-use development in downtown Pleasantville. 

While Ocean City Home Bank is not engaged
in lending to the casino industry, the employment or businesses of many of Ocean City Home Bank s customers directly or indirectly
benefit from the industry. As of September 30, 2016, we had $15.4 million of loans outstanding to borrowers who, at the time of
origination, were employed in the gaming industry, representing 1.9% of total loans. Of these loans, $4.0 million were made to
borrowers who were employed at the time of origination at casinos/hotels that subsequently closed or declared bankruptcy. To date,
we have not experienced a significant impact from the downturn in the gaming industry, which has experienced declining revenue
and employment since 2006. 

COMPARISON OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AT
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015  

Total assets of the Company increased $53.5
million to $1,096.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $1,043.4 million at December 31, 2015. Loans receivable, net, increased
$9.0 million, investment and mortgage-backed securities decreased $11.8 million and cash and cash equivalents increased   by
$57.8 million. Deposits increased $45.2 million while borrowings were unchanged. 

Investments  

Investments and mortgage-backed securities
decreased $11.8 million to $101.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $113.0 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease was primarily
the result of repayments, calls and maturities of $27.9 million partially offset by purchases of $15.4   million of agency
investments and an improvement in the unrealized holding loss on investment securities of $826 thousand. 

Loans  

Loans receivable, net, increased $9.0 million
to $792.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $783.9 million at December 31, 2015. The increase resulted from increases in the real
estate mortgage portfolio of $9.3 million and real estate construction loans of $4.5 million offset by decreases in commercial
loans of $3.1 million and consumer loans of $1.9 million. Loan originations totaled $122.6 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $119.8 million originated in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Real estate mortgage loan originations
totaled $75.5 million, real estate construction loan originations totaled $25.9 million, consumer loan originations totaled $8.8
million and commercial loan originations totaled $12.3 million for the first nine months of 2016. Origination activity was offset
by $113.6 million of normal loan payments and payoffs, compared to payments and payoffs of $108.3 million in the same period of
the prior year. The higher than normal increase in residential loans payoffs resulted from higher refinance activity due to the
low interest rate environment on loans. 

26  

The following table summarizes changes
in the loan portfolio in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Non-Performing Assets  

Non-performing assets totaled
$6.3 million, or 0.57% of total assets, at September 30, 2016 compared to $7.5 million or 0.72% of total assets at December
31, 2015 and $7.7 million, or 0.72% of total assets, at September 30, 2015. The   decrease of $1.2 million from December
31, 2015 was the result of decreases in non-performing loans of $411 thousand and in real estate owned of $807 thousand
offset by an increase in TDR non-accrual loans of $253 thousand. Non-performing assets consisted of twenty-one residential
mortgages totaling $3.0 million, one real estate construction mortgage totaling $143 thousand, four real estate
commercial mortgages totaling $835 thousand, three commercial loans totaling $153 thousand, five consumer equity loans
totaling $197 thousand, three TDR non-accrual loans totaling $961 thousand and six real estate owned properties totaling $1.0
million. Real estate owned remained the same at six properties while the total balance decreased $800 thousand at September
30, 2016 to $1.0 million from $1.8 million at December 31, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses increased
$116 thousand to $3.3 million, or 0.42% of total net loans, from $3.2 million at December 31, 2015, or 0.41% of total net loans.
The increase in the allowance for loan losses resulted from an addition to the allowance of $463 thousand offset by net charge
offs of $346 million. Net charge-offs totaled $346 thousand in 2016 compared to $1.3 million for the same period in 2015. The loss
factors used to calculate the allowance were relatively stable in September 2016 from December 2015. The allowance levels were
maintained to reflect a reserve level deemed appropriate by management in light of factors such as the level of non-performing
loans, collateral position, credit characteristics of the underlying borrowers and current economic conditions. At September 30,
2016, the specific allowance on loans individually evaluated for impairment was $929 thousand and pooled allowance on the remainder
of the loan portfolio was $2.4 million as compared to specific allowance on loans individually evaluated for impairment of $804
thousand and pooled allowance on the reminder of the loan portfolio of $2.4 million at December 31, 2015. 

27  

Deposits  

Deposits increased $45.1 million, or 5.6%,
to $857.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $812.0 million at December 31, 2015. Non-interest bearing demand deposits increased
$10.7 million, interest bearing checking increased $21.9 million, savings accounts increased by $2.8 million and certificates of
deposit   increased by $9.7 million. Municipal deposits increased $9.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to December
31, 2015 as a result of seasonal deposits. The Company continued its focus on attracting core deposits which totaled $667.5 million
or 77.9% of total deposits. 

The following table summarizes changes
in deposits in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

28  

Borrowings  

Federal Home Loan Bank advances were unchanged
at $105.0 million at September 30, 2016 from December 31, 2015.    

Stockholders  Equity  

Stockholders  equity increased $6.4
million to $118.2 million at September 30, 2016, from $111.8 million at December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of $5.3 million
of net income, proceeds from exercises of stock options of $1.3 million, increases in contra benefit plans of $213 thousand and
an increase in other comprehensive income of $497 thousand offset by dividends paid of $1.2 million. 

COMPARISON OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

Net income was $1.7 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $32
thousand, or 1.9%, in 2016 from 2015 was due primarily to an increase in net interest income, a decrease in provision for loan
losses and a decrease in income tax expense offset by a decrease in other income and an increase in other expenses. 

Net income was $5.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $112 thousand, or
2.2%, increase in 2016 from 2015 was due primarily to an increase in net interest income and a decrease in provision for loan losses
offset by a decrease in other income and increases in other expenses and income tax expense. 

29  

Net Interest Income  

The following table summarizes changes
in interest income and interest expense for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Net interest income increased by $170 thousand,
or 2.4%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The interest rate spread and net interest
margin of the Company were 3.11% and 3.24%, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.02% and
3.17%, respectively, for the same period in 2015. The increase in the net interest margin of seven basis points resulted from an
increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets of $764 thousand, a decrease in the average balance of interest-bearing
liabilities of $653 thousand, a decrease average rate paid on deposits and borrowings of 11 basis points offset by a decrease in
the yield on interest-earning assets of two basis points. 

Interest income decreased   by $37
thousand, or 0.4%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015. The decrease in interest income resulted
from a decrease in the average balance of investments of $9.0 million and lower yields on loans of 12 basis points offset by an
increase in the average balance of loans of $9.8 million and yield on investments of 58 basis points. The decrease in average balance
of investments resulted from investment calls and maturities. The decrease in loan yield resulted from lower rates on new loans
originated and payoffs or refinances of higher yielding loans offset by increased loan balances from new originations at lower
rates. 

Interest expense   decreased   by
$207 thousand, or 12.3%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 over the same period last year. The decrease in interest expense
resulted from decreases in borrowings of $9.4 million and rates paid on FHLB advances of 57 basis points offset by increases in
the average balance of interest-bearing deposits of $8.7 million and in the cost of deposits of one basis point. The increase in
the average balance of interest-bearing deposits resulted primarily from new deposits while the decrease in the cost of FHLB advances
resulted from refinancing of maturing advances to a lower rate and payoff of subordinated debt. 

The following table summarizes changes
in interest income and interest expense for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

30  

Net interest income increased by $669 thousand,
or 3.1%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The interest rate spread and net interest
margin of the Company were 3.11% and 3.25%, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.02% and 3.17%,
respectively, for the same period in 2015. The increase resulted from by an increase in interest-earning assets of $5.7 million,
a decrease in borrowings of $11.3 million and decreases in the average rates paid on deposits and borrowings of 11 basis points
offset by decreases in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits of $15.5 million and yield on earning assets of two basis
points. 

Interest income decreased   by $86
thousand, or 0.3%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease
in interest income resulted from a decrease in the average balance of investments of $7.4 million and lower yields on loans of
10 basis points offset by increases in the average balance of loans of $13.1 million and yield on investments of 44 basis points.
The decrease in average balance of investments resulted from investment calls and maturities. The decrease in loan yield resulted
from lower rates on new loans originated and payoffs or refinances of higher yielding loans offset by increased loan balances from
new originations at lower rates. 

Interest expense   decreased   by
$583 thousand, or 11.5%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period last year. The decrease in interest
expense resulted from decreases in the average balance of borrowings of $11.3 million and rates paid on FHLB advances of 49 basis
points offset by an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits of $15.5 million and in the cost of deposits of
two basis points. The increase in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits resulted primarily from new deposits while the
decrease in the cost of FHLB advances resulted from refinancing of maturing advances to a lower rate and payoff of subordinated
debt. 

The following table presents information
regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning
assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting average yields
and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of
assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. The yields and costs are annualized for presentation purposes.
For purposes of this table, average balances have been calculated using the average daily balances and nonaccrual loans are only
included in average balances. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Interest income on loans
and investment securities has not been calculated on a tax equivalent basis because the impact would be insignificant. 

31  

Average Balance Tables  

32  

Average Balance Tables  

Provision for Loan Losses  

We review the level of the allowance for
loan losses on a quarterly basis and establish the provision for loan losses based on the volume and types of lending, delinquency
levels, loss experience, the amount of classified loans, economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of
the loan portfolio. The provision for loan losses was $150 thousand and $463 thousand in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to $165 thousand and $496 thousand in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
   The provision was primarily to maintain a reserve level deemed appropriate by management in light of factors such as the
level of non-performing loans and the current economic environment. 

33  

Other Income  

The following table summarizes other income for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the changes between the periods. 

N/M   Not measurable 

Other income decreased   $60 thousand,
or 5.3%, to $1.1 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from the same period in 2015.    The decrease
in service charges income of $24 thousand resulted from lower service charges collected on deposit accounts. Gain on sale of investments
decreased $3 thousand and other income decreased $32 thousand primarily from decreased debit card commissions and other fees received. 

The following table summarizes other income
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the changes between the periods. 

N/M   Not measurable 

Other income decreased   $167 thousand,
or 5.1%, to $3.1 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from the same period in 2015.    The decrease
in service charges income of $148 thousand resulted from lower service charges collected on deposit accounts. Gain on sale of investments
increased $34 thousand and other income decreased $53 thousand primarily from decreased debit card commissions and other fees received. 

Other Expense  

The following table summarizes other expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the changes between periods. 

34  

Other expenses increased $144 thousand, or 2.6%, to $5.7 million
for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from the same period in 2015. The increase in other expense for the third quarter
of 2016 compared to 2015 resulted from increases in salaries and benefits, FDIC insurance and professional services of $358 thousand
offset by decreases in occupancy and equipment, marketing expenses, REO and other expenses of $214 thousand. 

The following table summarizes other expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the changes between the periods. 

Other expenses increased $409 thousand, or 2.5%, to $16.8 million
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from the same period in 2015. The increase in the nine-month period of 2016
compared to 2015 resulted from increases in salaries and benefits, FDIC insurance, professional services and REO expenses of $667
thousand offset by decreases in occupancy and equipment, advertising and other expenses of $258 thousand. 

Income Taxes  

Income taxes decreased $51 thousand to
$793 thousand for an effective tax rate of 31.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $844 thousand for an
effective tax rate of 33.6% from the same period in 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate resulted from by a change in the
mix of assets with a tax preference offset by higher net income before taxes. 

Income taxes increased $14 thousand to
$2.6 million for an effective tax rate of 33.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.6 million for an effective
tax rate of 33.5% from the same period in 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate resulted from by a change in the mix of
assets with a tax preference offset by higher net income before taxes. 

35  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is the ability to meet current
and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments,
maturities and sales of investment securities and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. While maturities and
scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly
influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

We regularly adjust our investments in
liquid assets based upon our assessment of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields available on interest-earning
deposits and securities and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management policy. 

Our most liquid assets are cash and cash
equivalents and interest-bearing deposits. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending and investing
activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $145.5 million and securities classified
as available-for-sale whose market value exceeds our cost, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled $40.8 million.
In addition, at September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow a total of approximately $302.1 million from the Federal Home
Loan Bank of New York. 

At September 30, 2016, we had $77.5 million
in loan commitments outstanding, which included $31.6 million in undisbursed loans, $25.6 million in unused home equity lines of
credit and $20.3 million in commercial lines and letters of credit. Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30,
2016 totaled $123.6 million, or 65.2% of certificates of deposit. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant
portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the
interest rates offered. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank exceeded
all of its regulatory capital requirements with Tier 1 leverage capital of $101.5 million, or 9.47% of total adjusted assets, which
is above the required level of $42.9 million or 4.0%; common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital of $101.5 million, or 18.63% of total
adjusted assets which is above the required level of $24.5 million or 4.5%; Tier 1 risk-based capital of $101.5 million, or 18.63%
of total adjusted assets which is above the required level of $32.7 million or 6.0%; and total risk-based capital of $104.8 million,
or 19.23% of risk-weighted assets, which is above the required level of $43.6 million or 8.0%. The Bank is considered a  well-capitalized 
institution under the applicable prompt corrective action regulations.     

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
the following levels of regulatory capital: Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 10.64% of total adjusted assets, common equity Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio of 20.86% of risk-weighted assets; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 20.86% of risk-weighted assets and
total risk-based capital ratio 21.47% of risk-weighted assets. 

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT  

Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis  

We analyze our interest rate sensitivity
position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements through the use of interest income simulation. The matching
of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are  interest sensitive. 
An asset or liability is said to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that
time period. 

Simulation analysis is only an estimate
of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. We continually review the potential effect changes in interest
rates could have on the repayment of rate sensitive assets and funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities. 

36  

The following table reflects changes in
estimated net interest income only for the Company: 

The 200 and
100 basis point change in rates in the above table is assumed to occur evenly over the following 12 and 24-month periods. Based
on the scenario above, net interest income would be    positively  affected (within our
internal guidelines) in the 12-month and 24-month periods if rates rose by 200 basis points and negatively affected (within our
internal guidelines) in the 12-month and 24-month periods if rates decreased by 100 basis points.  

Economic Value of Equity Analysis  

In addition to a net interest income simulation
analysis, we use an interest rate sensitivity analysis to review our level of interest rate risk. This analysis measures interest
rate risk by computing changes in economic value of equity of our cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items
in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. Economic value of equity (EVE) represents the market value
of portfolio equity and is equal to the market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities, with adjustments made for
off-balance sheet items. This analysis assesses the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments in the event of a sudden
and sustained 50 to 300 basis point increase or a sustained 50 to 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates with no effect
given to any steps that we might take to counter the effect of that interest rate movement. We measure interest rate risk by modeling
the changes in net portfolio value over a variety of interest rate scenarios. The following table presents the change in our net
portfolio value at June 30, 2016 that would occur in the event of an immediate change in interest rates based on management s
assumptions, with no effect given to any steps that we might take to counteract that change. 

The Company uses certain assumptions in
assessing its interest rate risk. These assumptions relate to interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay rates, and the
market values of certain assets under differing interest rate scenarios, among others. As with any method of measuring interest
rate risk, certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the foregoing table. For example, although
certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes
in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes
in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets,
such as adjustable-rate mortgage loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the
life of the asset. Further, in the event of a change in interest rates, expected rates of prepayments on loans and early withdrawals
from certificates could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. 

37  

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

In the normal course of operations, we
engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, are not recorded
in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk.
Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and
lines of credit. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, we engaged in no off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

The information required by this item is
included in Item 2 of this report under  Market Risk Management.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

The Company s management, including
the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Periodically, there have been various claims
and lawsuits against us, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests,
claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. We are not a party
to any pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

On July 22, 2016, Robert Strougo, a purported
Ocean Shore stockholder, filed a putative class action lawsuit in the Superior Court for the State of New Jersey, Cape May County,
against Ocean Shore, the members of the Ocean Shore board and OceanFirst on behalf of all Ocean Shore public stockholders. The
lawsuit generally alleges that the members of the Ocean Shore board breached their fiduciary duties by approving the merger agreement
because the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement with OceanFirst are procedurally flawed and financially inadequate,
certain terms in the merger agreement are preclusive and unfair, and certain members of the Ocean Shore board are conflicted. Plaintiff
further alleges that OceanFirst aided and abetted such breaches. The lawsuit seeks to enjoin the merger, as well as unspecified
money damages, costs and attorney s fees and expenses. On September 7, 2016, plaintiff filed an amended complaint bringing
disclosure claims alleging that OceanFirst s registration statement on Form S-4 omitted certain material information.
Although the defendants believe that they have meritorious defenses to the plaintiff s claims, defendants and plaintiffs
agreed to the terms of a settlement on October 10, 2016 whereby additional disclosures were made in the Registration Statement.
The terms of the settlement are subject to, among other things, further documentation and Court approval. 

38  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes in the risk factors previously
disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

The Company did not repurchase any of its common stock during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

None.  

Item 6. Exhibits 

2.1  
      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 12, 2016, by and among OceanFirst Financial Corp., Ocean Shore Holding Co. and Masters Merger Sub Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Ocean Shore s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 14, 2016).   

31.1  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.   

31.2  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.   

32.0  
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.   

101.0  
      The following materials from the Ocean Shore Holding Co. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) related notes.   

39  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO.     

(Registrant)   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Steven E. Brady   

Steven E. Brady   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Donald F. Morgenweck   

Donald F. Morgenweck   

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President   

40  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451496_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven E. Brady, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ocean Shore Holding Co.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Steven E. Brady   

Steven E. Brady   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451496_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Donald F. Morgenweck, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ocean Shore Holding Co.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Donald F. Morgenweck   

Donald F. Morgenweck   

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 v451496_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

EXHIBIT 32.0 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Ocean Shore Holding Co. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted
pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Steven E. Brady   

Steven E. Brady   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Donald F. Morgenweck  

Donald F. Morgenweck   

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President   

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 oshc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 oshc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 oshc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 oshc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 oshc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 oshc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

