<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1335293_0001144204-16-133176_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3868515</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93090</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>229222</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>941012</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1714587</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>823248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133176.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110140759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001335293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				203200738
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52247
		FILM NUMBER:		161987291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 WINDSOR STREET,
		CITY:			WEST SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(413) 858-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 WINDSOR STREET,
		CITY:			WEST SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01089

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vector Intersect Security Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133176.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452337_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016  

OR  

For the transition period from                             to           

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(954) 315-4939  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      x 
    No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   
  x      No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated
        filer       
         (Do not check if a smaller 
        reporting company)  
       
      Smaller
reporting company    x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   
         No   
  x  

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 9, 2016,
there were outstanding 21,400,244 shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $.001 per share. 

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  FORM 10-Q  

INDEX  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      7   

Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      21   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      25   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      26   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      26   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      26   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      26   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      26   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      26   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      26   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      27   

Signatures   
      28   

1   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

The statements contained in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, including under the section titled  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  and other sections of this quarterly report, include forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding our or our management's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future. The words  believe,   may,   will,   estimate,   continue, 
 anticipate,   intend,   expect,   plan  and similar expressions may identify forward-looking
statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements
contained in this quarterly report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
applicable securities laws. Unless the content otherwise requires, all references to  we ,  us , the  Company 
or  Cyalume  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q refers to Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

2   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements  

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except shares and per
share information)  

  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income  

  (in thousands, except shares and per
share information)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity  

  (in thousands, except shares)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  (in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

1.      ORGANIZATION   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings,
Inc. (the  Company ) was organized as a blank check company under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 19, 2005.
At that time, the Company was named Vector Security Intersect Acquisition Corp. On December 19, 2008, the Company acquired Cyalume
Technologies, Inc. ( CTI ) and changed the corporate name to the current name. CTI is a Delaware corporation formed
on March 27, 1997 with headquarters located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 

2.      BASIS
OF PRESENTATION   

The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S.
GAAP ) for interim financial information. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations. The Company
believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. All the adjustments which, in
the opinion of management, are considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the periods shown
are of a normal recurring nature and have been reflected in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Results
from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any other interim period or for the year ending December 31, 2016. The consolidated balance sheet at December 31,
2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. The information included in these unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
footnotes thereto in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 7, 2016. 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. While the Company believes that such estimates are fair when considered in
conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial position and results of operations taken as a whole, the actual amount of
such estimates, when known, may vary from these estimates. 

Reclassification of the Company s
unamortized debt issuance costs have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. 

3.      DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS   

These consolidated financial
statements and footnotes include the financial position and operations of Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc. ( Cyalume 
or the  Company ), a holding company that is the sole shareholder of Cyalume Technologies, Inc. ( CTI ),
of Cyalume Specialty Products, Inc. ( CSP ) and of CT SAS Holdings, Inc. ( CT SAS Holdings ). CTI is the
sole shareholder of Cyalume Realty, Inc. ( CRI ) and Combat Training Solutions, Inc. ( CTS ). CT SAS Holdings
is the sole shareholder of Cyalume Technologies, SAS ( CTSAS ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company s primary
focus is producing specialty chemicals and related products and sub-contract manufacturing of components for use in the pharmaceutical
and medical products markets. The Company sells to the U.S. military and other militaries, and to major pharmaceutical and medical
device companies throughout the world. 

CTI and CTSAS manufacture and
sell chemiluminescent products and reflective and photoluminescent materials to military, ammunition, commercial and public safety
markets. CTSAS is located in France and represents CTI in certain international markets, primarily Europe and the Middle East.
CTI sells to customers in all other geographic markets. CTI s and CTSAS s business operations constitute the majority,
based on revenues and assets, of the Company s consolidated business operations. 

CSP manufactures on a subcontractor
basis and sells specialty chemical products to the pharmaceutical, medical products, defense and other markets. CSP s operations
are located in Bound Brook, New Jersey. 

CRI previously owned land located
in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The land was transferred in connection with a 2013 legal settlement and therefore, this subsidiary
no longer has any activity. 

CTS provides its customers with
battlefield effects simulation products. 

7   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

The Company s business
is managed and financial results are reported as one segment. The Company s CEO, who is the Company s chief operating
decision maker, focuses on consolidated results to make strategic and tactical decisions. The Company s one operating segment
consists of three reporting units: Chemical Light (the operations of CTI, CTS and CTSAS), Specialty Products (the operations of
CSP) and Other (the operations of CRI and the parent company Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.). 

4.      INVENTORIES   

Inventories consist of the following (all amounts
in thousands): 

5.      CREDIT
LINE AND NOTES PAYABLE   

Monroe Refinancing  

On May 18, 2015, the Company
entered into a credit agreement with Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (the  Monroe Credit Agreement ), refinancing
its existing senior and subordinated debt (see below). The Monroe Credit Agreement provides for a $25.0 million credit facility
consisting of up to: (i) a $5.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Monroe Line of Credit ); (ii) an $18.0 million
senior secured term loan (the  Term A Loan ) and (iii) a $2.0 million delayed draw term loan (the  Delayed Draw
Loan ). The Delayed Draw Loan was used to satisfy a legal settlement agreement amount. 

The Monroe Credit Agreement
has a term of five years and bears interest at a rate of the one-month LIBOR plus 9%. The Term A Loan requires quarterly repayments
of approximately $113,000 beginning on June 30, 2015 through March 31, 2016; quarterly repayments of approximately $225,000 beginning
on June 30, 2016 through March 31, 2017; quarterly repayments of approximately $450,000 beginning on June 30, 2017 through March
31, 2020; and a payment of approximately $11.3 million on the Term A Loan maturity date of May 18, 2020. Accrued interest shall
be payable monthly in arrears on the last business day of each calendar month. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company must maintain: (i) a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00; (ii) a senior debt to EBITDA
ratio initially of 4.50 to 1.00, decreasing to 1.50 to 1.00 over the term of the loans; and (iii) a twelve month trailing EBITDA,
measured quarterly, with the amounts ranging from $4,750,000, increasing up to $7.0 million over the term of the loans. The Company
was in compliance with the financial covenants related to these loans as of September 30, 2016. 

On August 3, 2015, the Company
entered into a First Amendment (the  First Amendment ) to the Monroe Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment,
the Monroe Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, reduce the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Loan under the
Monroe Credit Agreement, which loan commitment was for purposes of funding a final payment due under the a legal settlement agreement,
from $2.0 million to $1.5 million. On August 3, 2015, the full amount of the Delayed Draw Loan was funded to the Company, $1.4
million of which was used to make a final legal settlement payment, and the remaining $100,000 of which was paid to Monroe as a
deferred closing fee. The First Amendment also modified, for certain periods during the term of the Credit Agreement, (i) the maximum
senior debt to EBITDA ratio that the Company is required to maintain and (ii) the applicable limits on the Company s aggregate
permitted capital expenditures pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

The Delayed Draw Loan, which
was drawn on August 3, 2015, provides for quarterly amortization payments on the last day of each calendar quarter in an aggregate
principal amount equal to 0.625% of the original principal amount of the Delayed Draw Loan, increasing to 1.25% on March 31, 2016,
and increasing to 2.5% on March 31, 2017, with the balance payable on the maturity date of May 18, 2020. 

8   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

In connection with the execution
of the Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company issued 10 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock (the  Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock ).  Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted at any time at the option of
the holder into a number of shares of common stock initially equal to 752,807.8 shares of common stock (see Note 6). The relative
fair value of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock was approximately $2.8 million which was recorded as debt issuance costs
of approximately $0.4 million and debt discount on the Company s Term A Loan and Delayed Draw Loan of approximately $2.4
million. 

The proceeds from the Monroe
Credit Agreement were allocated to the various instruments issued based on their relative fair value. 

Line of Credit  

The Monroe Line of Credit has
a maximum borrowing capacity of $5.0 million, bears interest at a rate of the one-month LIBOR plus 9% and expires on May 18, 2020.
The Monroe Line of Credit replaced the Company s previous line of credit with TD Bank N.A. ( TD Bank ). The amount
which may be borrowed under the Monroe Line of Credit is dependent mainly on accounts receivable and inventory balances. Under
the terms of the Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company is able to borrow under the Monroe Line of Credit in an amount not to exceed
the lesser of: (i) $5.0 million and (ii) the sum of 85% of all eligible accounts receivable plus 60% of all eligible inventory.
Interest is payable monthly and the Monroe Line of Credit s interest rate at September 30, 2016 was 10%. This line of credit
is subject to various restrictive covenants and collateral guarantees. At September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings
on the Monroe Line of Credit and availability under the Company s revolving credit facility was approximately $4.8 million. 

CTSAS has lines of credit,
for borrowing against receivables, with a combined maximum borrowing capacity of  750,000 (or approximately $841,000 as
of September 30, 2016). There were no outstanding borrowings at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The lines 
interest rates are variable, based on the 3-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate. The lines are collateralized primarily by
CTSAS accounts receivable. The lines have indefinite termination dates but can be renegotiated periodically. 

Notes Payable  

Outstanding notes payable consist
of (all amounts in thousands): 

Debt issuance costs are amortized
to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the loan. The effective interest rate on the Term A loan
is approximately 17% and the effective interest rate on the Delayed Draw Loan is approximately 20%. 

Term Loans  

In addition to the previous
line of credit with TD Bank, CTI previously had two loans payable to TD Bank, a Term Loan and a Real Estate Loan (together, the
 Senior Debt ), that were originally entered into on December 19, 2008, and which were amended twice during 2012 to
modify certain financial and non-financial covenants required by these loans. The Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated
Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (the  Senior Amendment ) was entered into on November 19, 2013. 

9   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

On July 29, 2010, a subordinated
term loan of $8.5 million (the  Subordinated Term Loan ) was issued to Granite Creek Partners Agent, LLC ( Granite
Creek ) and on November 19, 2013, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Subordinated Term Loan (the  Subordinated
Amendment ) which extended the maturity date to June 30, 2016. Pursuant to the Subordinated Amendment, interest was being
accrued in kind monthly at a rate of 11% per annum. No principal payments were required until maturity. The Subordinated Term Loan
was convertible at any time by Granite Creek into 2,666,667 shares of common stock at a conversion price of approximately $3.19
per share. No portion of the Subordinated Term Loan was converted to the Company s common stock. The Company previously determined
that the convertible notes  conversion feature was not a beneficial conversion feature under U.S. GAAP. Simultaneous with
the issuance of the Subordinated Term Loan during 2010, the Company issued warrants to repay certain costs of obtaining the convertible
notes. These warrants allowed the holder to purchase 160,000 shares of common stock at $1.50 per share through July 19, 2018. A
portion of the $8.5 million gross proceeds from the issuance of the loan was allocated to the warrants based on the relative fair
values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds
so allocated to the warrants was recorded as a debt discount and an increase to additional paid-in capital. The warrants 
fair value was increased in 2012 due to (i) a decrease in the exercise price of the warrants and (ii) an extension of the term
of the warrants. The warrants were amended again during 2013 in connection with the Senior Amendment described above. An additional
amount was added to debt discount and warrant liability during 2013 relating to (i) another decrease in the exercise price of the
warrants to $0.01, (ii) an extension of the term of the warrants, and (iii) an increase to the number of shares of common stock
that may be purchased upon exercise of the warrants to 455,514 shares. The debt discount was being amortized to interest expense
using the effective interest method over the life of the convertible notes which had a maturity date of June 30, 2016. As a result
of the amendment to the warrants in 2013, the warrants are no longer indexed to the Company s stock, are considered a derivative
and therefore, are being accounted for as a liability. The warrant liability relating to the 455,514 shares of common stock which
may be purchased upon exercise of the warrants is approximately $31,000 as of September 30, 2016 (see Note 12). 

The Company s Senior Debt
and Subordinated Term Loan were refinanced on May 18, 2015.       

Upon the consummation of the
Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company paid in full all amounts due under (i) the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Agreement, dated July 29, 2010, as amended (the  Senior Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, CTI, certain
of the Company s other subsidiaries and TD Bank, as administrative agent and lender, (ii) the Subordinated Term Loan, dated
July 29, 2010, as amended (the  Subordinated Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company, CTI, certain of the Company s
other subsidiaries, Granite Creek Flexcap I, L.P., Patriot Capital II, L.P. and Granite Creek Partners Agent, L.L.C., as administrative
agent, and (iii) the amended and restated promissory note, dated November 19, 2013, as amended, previously issued by the Company
to JFC Technologies, LLC (the  Amended JFC Note ) (see Note 9), such that each of the Senior Credit Agreement, the
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Amended JFC Note was paid in full and the Company has no further financial obligations thereunder.
At the time of the refinancing, the Company expensed the remaining unamortized issuance costs relating to the previous Senior Debt
and Subordinated Term Loan. 

Promissory Note Payable  

On November 19, 2013, the Company
entered into a legal settlement agreement. The executed settlement agreement provided for the Company to make a series of payments
to Antonio Colon in the amount of $215,000 annually, for a total of $1,075,000 pursuant to the Promissory Note executed on November
19, 2013 (the  Promissory Note ). This Promissory Note bears interest at a rate of 2% annually and requires principal
and interest payments each March and September. The Promissory Note has a maturity date of October 15, 2018. 

6.      PREFERRED
STOCK   

Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock  

The Company is authorized to
issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors.  

On November 19, 2013, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Series A Purchase Agreement ) with US VC Partners,
L.P. (the  Series A Investor ) for the purchase by the Series A Investor of 123,077 units of securities of the
Company for an aggregate purchase price of $4.0 million (or $32.50 per unit). Each security issued is composed of: 1) one
share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, at a par value of $0.001 per share (the  Series A
Preferred Stock ); 2) one common stock warrant ( the  Common Warrant ); and 3) one preferred stock warrant
(the  Preferred Warrant ). 

10   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Each share of Series A Preferred
Stock may be converted at any time at the option of the holder into a number of shares of common stock initially equal to 50 shares
of common stock, determined by dividing the Liquidation Value per share of Series A Preferred Stock by the applicable conversion
price per share of Series A Preferred Stock. The initial conversion price was equal to $0.65, subject to customary adjustments,
including for any accrued but unpaid dividends and pursuant to certain anti-dilution provisions. Pursuant to the Series A
Certificate of Designation amended on July 30, 2014 (the  Amended Series A Certificate of Designation ), the conversion
price per share of Series A Preferred Stock is now equal to $0.13664587. The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to mandatory
conversion at any time. 

Upon voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation preference
of $32.50 per share, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, subject to customary adjustments as set forth in the Certificate of
Designation (the  Series A Liquidation Value ). 

Dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock accrue (payable in cash or in kind), whether or not declared by the Board and whether or not funds are available for the
payment of dividends, at a rate of 12% per annum on the sum of the liquidation preference plus all accrued and accumulated dividends
and will be payable quarterly in arrears in a) cash or b) newly issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock having an aggregate liquidation
preference equal to the amount of such accrued dividends ( PIK Dividends ) at the option of the Company. All accrued
and accumulated dividends on the convertible preferred stock shall be paid prior to and in preference to any other class of securities
of the Company.   

Each share of Series A Preferred
Stock will be entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such share is convertible
and shall be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of common stock, voting together as a single class, with respect
to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration. 

The requisite holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to cause the Company to redeem, out of funds legally available, all but not less than
all of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, for a price per share equal to the Series A Liquidation Value of
such shares, from and after the fifth anniversary of the closing date of the Series A Purchase Agreement. Additionally, the Company
will have the right to redeem all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from and after the eighth anniversary of
the closing date of the Series A Purchase Agreement at a redemption price equal to the Series A Liquidation Value. As a result
of the redemption provisions, the Series A Preferred Stock has been classified outside of permanent equity. 

Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock  

On July 30, 2014, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Series B and C Purchase Agreement ) with Cova Small Cap Holdings,
LLC ( Cova ), Bayonet Capital Fund I, LLC (see Note 9), and another investor (each, an  Investor ) for
the purchase by the Investors of an aggregate of 1,000 units of securities of the Company (the  Units ) for an aggregate
purchase price of $2.0 million (or $2,000.00 per Unit), with each Unit comprising (1) one share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the  Series B Preferred Stock ), and (2) one share of Series C Preferred
Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the  Series C Preferred Stock ). Approximately $1.3 million of the
net proceeds from the sale of the Units was used to pay a contingent legal obligation. 

The shares of Series B Preferred
Stock have the rights and preferences set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which
was amended on May 15, 2015 (the  Amended Series B Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to the Amended Series B
Certificate of Designation, each share of Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock (the  Common
Stock ) and the Company s Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Upon the Company s liquidation, sale to or merger with another
corporation or other  Change of Control  (as such term is defined in the Amended Series B Certificate of Designation),
each share of Series B Preferred Stock would be entitled to a liquidation preference in an amount equal to the amount per share
that would have been payable had all shares of Series B Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to
such event in accordance with the terms of the Amended Series B Certificate of Designation, excluding for purposes of such calculation
the liquidation preference payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled
to convert at any time all or any portion of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock into a number of shares of Common Stock initially
equal to 35,713.147 shares of Common Stock per share of Series B Preferred Stock (the  Conversion Number ). The Conversion
Number is subject to customary adjustments, including for dividends, stock splits and other reorganizations affecting the Common
Stock. In addition, the Conversion Number is subject to anti-dilution protections, subject to certain exceptions, if the Company
issues or sells shares of Common Stock or other equity securities for no consideration or for consideration that is based on an
equity valuation of the Company of less than $2.0 million in the aggregate (a  Trigger Issuance ). In the event of
a Trigger Issuance, the Conversion Number shall be increased as of the close of business on the effective date of the Trigger
Issuance to a number calculated as follows: (i) two-thirds of the Common Stock deemed Outstanding (as defined in the Amended Series
A Certificate of Designation) immediately following such Trigger Issuance (excluding any Common Stock Deemed Outstanding as a
result of the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock) (ii) divided by 1,000. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock will automatically
convert into shares of Common Stock on the tenth anniversary of its original issuance date, at the then-current Conversion Number.
Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which
such share is convertible and will be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as
a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration.
The Series B Preferred Stock has been classified within permanent equity. 

11   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Series C Preferred Stock  

The shares of Series C Preferred
Stock have the rights and preferences set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock, which was amended
on May 15, 2015 (the  Amended Series C Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to the Amended Series C Certificate of
Designation, each share of Series C Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Common Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series
B Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company. Upon the Company s liquidation, sale to or merger with another corporation or other
 Change of Control  (as such term is defined in the Amended Series C Certificate of Designation), each share of Series
C Preferred Stock would be entitled to a liquidation preference equal to the sum of: (1) $3,000 per share (the  Base Liquidation
Value ) and the (2) the amount, if any, by which the Base Value exceeds 150% of the purchase price (the  Excess Liquidation
Value), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, in each case subject to customary adjustments as set forth in the Amended Series
C Certificate of Designation. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative quarterly dividends at a rate
of 12% per annum, calculated based on an assumed price of $2,000 per share, payable in cash or in kind; provided that to the extent
not paid in cash or by issuance of additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock on the last day of each calendar quarter (a  Dividend
Payment Date ), all accrued dividends on any outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall accumulate and compound.
In the event the Company has not paid in cash or by the issuance of additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock all accrued dividends
on a Dividend Payment Date, at the election of holders of at least 75% of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the
 Requisite Holders ), all such dividends accruing on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be paid in shares
of Series C Preferred Stock. From and after the fifth anniversary of the issuance of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the
Requisite Holders will have the right to elect to cause the Company to redeem, out of funds legally available therefore, all but
not less than all of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, for a price per share equal to the Series C Liquidation
Value for such shares. In addition, the Company has the right to redeem at any time, out of funds legally available therefore,
all or any portion of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, for a price per share equal to the Series C Liquidation
Value for such shares. The Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible into Common Stock or other securities of the Company, and
does not have any voting rights. As a result of the redemption provisions, the Series C Preferred Stock has been classified outside
of permanent equity.  

The proceeds allocated to the
Series C Preferred Stock fair on the issuance date were estimated at approximately $0.6 million. This resulted in the Company recognizing
a deemed dividend of approximately $1.4 million to reflect the Series C Preferred Stock at its July 30, 2014 redemption value.  

12   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock  

In connection with the execution
of the Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement (the  Subscription Agreement ) with
Monroe Capital Corporation, Monroe Capital Senior Secured Direct Loan Fund LP, Monroe Capital Senior Secured Direct Loan Fund (Unleveraged)
LP and Monroe Capital Partners Fund II, LP. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company issued 10 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.  Each share
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted at any time at the option of the holder into a number of shares of common
stock initially equal to 752,807.8 shares of common stock. The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has a mandatory conversion
date on the tenth anniversary of the issuance date. The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically, without any action
on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company s
common stock equal to the conversion number at the time in effect. The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the
Company s Series A Preferred Stock and the Company s Series B Preferred Stock. The Company s Series C Preferred
Stock ranks senior to the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The shares of Series D Preferred Stock have the rights and preferences
set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series D Certificate of Designation ). 

In the event of any voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, the holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets
of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of junior securities.
The Series C Preferred Stockholders would receive the Base Liquidation Value first, and not be entitled to the Excess Liquidation
Value (as defined in the Amended Certificate of Designation of the Series C Preferred Stock) until the holders of the Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock receive a pro rata Liquidation Value amount in cash. If at any time the Company redeems the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock would have the right
to elect to cause the Company to redeem, out of funds legally available therefore, all but not less than all of the then outstanding
shares of Series D Preferred Stock, for a price per share equal to the Liquidation Value for such shares; provided that, prior
to the Company paying the full redemption price for all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, the Company would not be
permitted to pay (i) any amounts in excess of the Series C Base Liquidation Value upon the redemption of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock or (ii) any amounts upon the redemption of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event of a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, each share of Series D Preferred Stock would be entitled to a liquidation preference in an amount equal to the amount
per share that would have been payable had all shares of Series D Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately
prior to such event in accordance with the terms of the Series D Certificate of Designation, excluding for purposes of such calculation
the liquidation preference payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. The
Series D Preferred Stock does not have any voting rights, except that the written consent of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding
Series D Preferred Stock shall be required for the Company to take certain actions, including the amendment of its certificate
of incorporation or bylaws in a manner that adversely affects the relative rights, preferences, privileges or powers of holders
of Series D Preferred Stock. As a result of the redemption provisions, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has been classified
outside of permanent equity. 

7.      STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY   

Common Stock  

The Company is authorized to
issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock. Common stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters
to be voted on by stockholders. Common stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no
sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants  

Common stock purchase warrants
accounted for within equity are recorded at their initial fair value and reported in stockholders  equity as increases to
additional paid-in capital. Warrants reported as equity, rather than liabilities (i) may not be net-cash settled, (ii) have contractual
limits on the number of shares to be delivered in a net-share settlement and (iii) are supported by sufficient unissued common
shares available to settle the outstanding warrants. Subsequent changes in fair value from the warrants  initial fair value
are not recognized as long as the warrants continue to merit classification as equity. 

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, warrants to purchase 455,514 shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding (see
Note 12). These warrants are not indexed to the Company s stock, are considered a derivative and therefore, are being accounted
for as a liability. 

13   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Pursuant to the terms of a letter
agreement previously entered into between the Company and Dragonfly Capital Partners, LLC ( Dragonfly ) under which
Dragonfly provided advisory services to the Company in connection with the Company s debt financing, the Company paid $820,000
cash to Dragonfly and issued to Dragonfly a warrant on May 18, 2015 to purchase from the Company up to an aggregate of 1,003,744
shares of Common Stock (subject to customary adjustments) at an exercise price of $0.05 per share (the  Dragonfly Warrant ).
The Dragonfly warrant is being accounted for within equity at its initial fair value. The Dragonfly Warrant was reflected at its
relative fair value of approximately $43,000 in connection with the Monroe refinancing transaction. 

Warrants to purchase the Company s
common stock were outstanding as follows as of September 30, 2016: 

The fair value as of September
30, 2016 of the Granite and Patriot Warrants is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following inputs: 

Granite and  Patriot  Warrants     
 
     Stock price of underlying equity    
     $  0.07     
 
     Exercise price    
     $  0.01     
 
     Expected term (years)    
        7.1     
 
     Risk-free interest rate    
        1.5  %  
 
     Estimated dividend yield    
         None      
 
     Volatility    
        172.7  %  

14   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

The change in the fair value
of the warrants liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

8.      INCOME
TAXES   

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred tax expense of approximately $71,000 and $165,000, respectively, on foreign income
generated by the Company s CTSAS subsidiary. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded
a tax benefit of approximately $132,000 and tax expense of approximately $211,000, respectively, on foreign income generated by
the Company s CTSAS subsidiary. The remaining income tax expense reflected for both the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  reflects tax expense on U.S. income generated. Due to management s assessment that it is
more likely than not that a portion of certain deferred tax assets may not be realized, the Company has a valuation allowance
of approximately $12.2 million as of September 30, 2016 against its U.S. deferred tax asset, which was generated primarily as
a result of foreign tax credits and net operating losses. 

9.      RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Financing Arrangements with
Related Parties   

In December 2012, the Company
entered into a $2,100,000 unsecured promissory note with JFC Technologies, LLC ( JFC ), an entity controlled by James
Schleck, a previous employee of CSP, who is an owner of a significant amount of the Company s common shares and is a Board
member. On November 19, 2013, the unsecured promissory note was amended (the  Amended JFC Note ). Pursuant to the Amended
JFC Note, interest accrued at the rate of 12% per annum, retroactive to the date of the original note. On May 18, 2015, the Amended
JFC Note of approximately $2.1 million and approximately $0.5 million of accrued interest on the Amended JFC Note were repaid in
connection with the Company refinancing its debt. Pursuant to the Amended JFC Note, up to $1.0 million of the principal amount
was convertible, at the option of JFC, into the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the portion of the principal
amount being converted divided by the conversion price of $32.50 per share. On May 18, 2015, $650 was converted into 20 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock issued to James Schleck.    

CSP leases property in Bound
Brook, New Jersey, from Brook Industrial Park, LLC. This lease requires monthly lease payments of approximately $30,000 and ends
on August 31, 2016, with extension options available. 

Bayonet Capital Fund I, LLC,
Brook Industrial Park, LLC and JFC are controlled by James Schleck. On July 30, 2014, 100 units of securities of the Company (the
 Units ) were issued to Bayonet Capital Fund I, LLC (see Note 6), with each Unit comprising (1) one share of Series
B Preferred Stock and (2) one share of Series C Preferred Stock. 

15   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

10.      NET
INCOME PER COMMON SHARE   

Basic income per common share
is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted income per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares and dilutive potential common share equivalents then outstanding. Potential common share equivalents consist of
(i) shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants and options (using the  treasury stock  method), (ii) unvested restricted
stock awards (using the  treasury stock  method) and (iii) shares issuable upon conversion of convertible notes and
convertible preferred stock using the  if-converted  method. 

The following potentially dilutive
common share equivalents were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share because their effect was antidilutive
for each of the periods presented: 

16   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

11.      COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES   

Legal  

From time to time and in the
ordinary course of business, the Company may be subject to various claims, charges, and litigation. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company did not have any pending claims, charges or litigation that it expects would have a material adverse effect
on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

12.      FAIR
VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   

Under U.S. GAAP, the Company
is required to record certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value and may choose to record other financial assets and
financial liabilities at fair value as well. Also under U.S. GAAP, the Company is required to record nonfinancial assets and liabilities
at fair value due to events that may or may not recur in the future, such as an impairment event. When required to record such
assets and liabilities at fair value, that fair value is estimated using an exit price, representing the amount that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. That fair value is determined
based on significant inputs contained in a fair value hierarchy as follows: 

Level 1   
      Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets to which the Company has access at the measurement date.   
 
       Level 2   
      Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.   
 
       Level 3   
      Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.   

The determination of where assets
and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

There are three general valuation
techniques that may be used to measure fair value, as described below: 

Market Approach   
      Uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. Prices may be indicated by pricing guides, sale transactions, market trades, or other sources.   

Cost Approach   
      Based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).   

Income Approach   
     
         Uses valuation techniques to
        convert future amounts to a single present amount based on current market expectations about the future amounts (includes present
        value techniques and option-pricing models). 
         Net present value is an income
        approach where a stream of expected cash flows is discounted at an appropriate market interest rate.   

17   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Assets and Liabilities Measured
at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  

Assets and liabilities itemized
below were measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 (all amounts in thousands): 

Level 1  Quoted  Prices in  Active  Markets  for  Identical  Assets       
     Level 2  Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs       
     Level 3  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs       
     Assets/  (Liabilities)  At Fair  Value     
 
      Warrants (see Note 7)    (1)      
        0       
        0       
        (31  )    
        (31  )  

$  0       
     $  0       
     $  (31  )    
     $  (31  )  

(1)     The
Company has classified its warrant liability which could be potentially settled in cash within Level 3 because the fair values
are determined using significant unobservable inputs into the Black-Scholes pricing model.  

The table below presents a
reconciliation for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) (all amounts in thousands): 

The Company has other financial
instruments, such as cash, accounts receivable, due from related party, accounts payable, notes payable and a line of credit. The
Company believes the carrying amounts of those assets and liabilities approximate their fair value since those carrying amounts
have been estimated to approximate the exit price which would be received to sell these assets or pay to transfer these liabilities
to a market participant. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured
at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, none of the Company s assets or liabilities were remeasured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
and no assets were identified as impaired as of September 30, 2016. 

18   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

13.      SUPPLEMENTAL
DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION   

Cash Paid for Interest and
Income Taxes  (all amounts in thousands) : 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing
Activities  (all amounts in thousands) : 

19   

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Pursuant to the terms of the
Monroe Credit Agreement, the Company expects to make an excess cash payment of approximately $1.0 million on or before November
15, 2016, which will reduce the principal of the Company s Term A Loan. The excess cash payment is calculated based on the
definition of excess cash flow under the Monroe Credit Agreement. 

15.      NEW
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

The following are recent accounting
pronouncements that have affected the Company s consolidated financial statements or may affect the Company s consolidated
financial statements in the future. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10)  ( ASU 2016-01 ), which updates
certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective
for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2019 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption
of ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02,  Leases     (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which requires companies that are lessees to
recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most leases that do not meet the definition of a short-term lease. For
income statement purposes, leases will continue to be classified as either operating or financing. Classification will be
based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting. This standard will result in extensive
qualitative and quantitative disclosure changes. This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU
2016-02 on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Compensation-
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). The purpose
of the update is to simplify several areas of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective
for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 on the Company s financial position and
results of operations. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU
2016-10 ). The guidance clarifies that entities are not required to assess whether promised goods or services are performance
obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract. ASU 2016-10 also addresses how to determine whether promised
goods or services are separately identifiable and permits entities to make a policy election to treat shipping and handling costs
as fulfillment activities. In addition, it clarifies key provisions in Topic 606 related to licensing. ASU 2016-10 is effective
for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting ASU 2016-10 on the Company s financial position
and results of operations. 

20   

ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

You should read the following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our interim condensed consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in conjunction
with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Unless the content otherwise requires, all references to  we ,  us ,
the  Company  or  Cyalume  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refers to Cyalume Technologies Holdings,
Inc.  

Company Overview  

Our primary focus is producing specialty
chemicals and related products and sub-contract manufacturing of components for use in the pharmaceutical and medical products
markets. We manufacture chemical light, reflective and battlefield effects simulator products 

We sell our products into the law enforcement,
commercial public safety and other markets. We provide specialty chemical products to the pharmaceutical, medical products, defense
and other markets. We primarily sell to the U.S. military and other militaries, and to major pharmaceutical and medical device
companies throughout the world. 

We maintain principal executive offices
at 910 SE 17  th  Street, Suite 300, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33316. We have two direct U.S.-based subsidiaries: Cyalume
Technologies, Inc. ( CTI ) and Cyalume Specialty Products, Inc. ( CSP ). CTI is located in West Springfield,
Massachusetts and CSP is located in Bound Brook, New Jersey. CTI has one non-U.S.-based subsidiary, Cyalume Technologies, SAS ( CTSAS ),
located in Aix-en-Provence, France, and two U.S.-based subsidiaries, Cyalume Realty, Inc. ( CRI ) and Combat Training
Solutions, Inc. ( CTS ), based in West Springfield, Massachusetts. We manufacture products in the West Springfield,
Bound Brook, and Aix-en-Provence locations. 

Material Changes in Results of Operations   Three and
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 versus the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Chemical Light revenues increased for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of higher sales to our largest customer LC Industries for distribution to the U.S.
Military, and also from higher commercial sales in the U.S. Ammunition revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016
decreased by approximately $0.1 million and increased by approximately $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
as sales for military training rounds utilizing our technology resumed during February of 2015 and continued into 2016. Training
and Simulation revenues, which are generated from CTS devices being purchased, remained relatively flat for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding prior year period. Training and Simulation revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were approximately $0.2 million compared to Training and Simulation revenue for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 of approximately $0.3 million. Specialty Products revenue during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
increased over the three and nine months of 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in product sales. 

Cost of goods sold decreased to approximately
$5.2 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to approximately $5.3 million for the third quarter of 2015. The gross profit
margin for the third quarter of 2016 was approximately 55.8% compared to gross profit
margin of approximately 49.9% for the third quarter of 2015. Cost of goods sold increased
to approximately $15.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $14.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of the higher revenue levels during 2016. The gross profit margin for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was approximately 51.3% versus 47.4%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase compared to both corresponding prior year periods was largely attributable
to favorable product mix changes, including a reduction in materials costs, and higher-margin specialty product sales during 2016. 

21   

Sales and marketing expenses for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $0.8 million and $1.9 million, respectively, versus approximately $0.6
million and $1.7 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The increase of approximately $0.2 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to an increase in marketing efforts during 2016, primarily attending
trade shows and an increased focus on online advertising. 

General and administrative expenses for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $2.3 million and $6.5 million, respectively, versus approximately
$2.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The increase was due to a combination of
factors including: increased compensation expense for additional personnel, including bonuses, being accrued in 2016; higher consulting
fees for taxes and other financial matters; and other increases in items such as audit and various other corporate-related expenses
and fees. 

Research and development expenses for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $0.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively, compared to approximately
$0.3 million and $0.9 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The increase was the result of additional
research and development initiatives during 2016 as compared to 2015. 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we recorded tax expense of approximately $71,000 and $165,000, respectively, on foreign income generated by
our CTSAS subsidiary. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded tax expense of approximately $132,000
and $211,000 respectively, on foreign income generated by our CTSAS subsidiary. The remaining income tax expense reflected for
both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, reflects tax expense on U.S. income generated.
We have a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax asset due to management s assessment that it is more likely than
not that a portion of certain deferred tax assets may not be realized. 

Material Changes in Financial Condition
  September 30, 2016 versus December 31, 2015  

Cash was approximately $3.7 million
at September 30, 2016, representing an increase of approximately $2.2 million from December 31, 2015. From December 31, 2015
to September 30, 2016, combined accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased by approximately $0.3 million, accounts
receivable decreased by approximately $0.8 million, and inventories increased by approximately $0.5 million. 

Our accounts receivable decreased by approximately
$0.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 due to timing differences of customer payments. Our receivables
are generally collected within 30 days, thus revenues recorded in the 30-day period preceding the measurement date significantly
influence the reported balances. 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses combined
were approximately $5.1 million at September 30, 2016 versus approximately $4.8 million at December 31, 2015, an increase of approximately
$0.3 million. Payments during 2016 on amounts accrued at the end of 2015, such as the 2015 accrued performance bonus amounts
paid during the first quarter of 2016, offset additional amounts accrued but not paid yet during 2016. We had a decrease in accrued
expenses of approximately $0.2 and an increase in accounts payable to approximately $1.5 million at September 30, 2016 from approximately
$0.9 million at December 31, 2015, which relates to the timing of recurring operational-related payables. We did not have a balance
outstanding on our line of credit, used to meet temporary working capital needs, at September 30, 2016 compared to approximately
$1.0 million outstanding under our line of credit at December 31, 2015. 

The current portion of notes payable, net
of the current portion of unamortized debt discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, was approximately $0.8 million at September
30, 2016 compared to approximately $0.3 million at December 31, 2015. In accordance with ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ), we now present
debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, the same way debt discounts have historically
been handled. ASU 2015-03 did not change the recognition, measurement, or subsequent measurement guidance for debt issuance costs.
This guidance was effective for us as of January 1, 2016, and reduced total assets and total long-term debt on our condensed consolidated
balance sheets by amounts classified as deferred debt issuance costs relating to our secured term loan and our delayed draw term
loan, but did not have any other effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements when adopted in 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On May 18, 2015, we entered into a credit
agreement with Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC as administrative agent and lead arranger (the  Agent ) and
the various lenders party thereto (the  Monroe Credit Agreement ). The Monroe Credit Agreement provides for a total
borrowing commitment of $25.0 million (the  Monroe Credit Facility ) in the form of (i) a $5.0 million revolving credit
facility (the  Monroe Line of Credit ); (ii) an $18.0 million senior secured term loan (the  Term A Loan )
and (iii) a $2.0 million delayed draw term loan (the  Delayed Draw Loan ).  

22   

On August 3, 2015, we entered into a First
Amendment (the  First Amendment ) to the Monroe Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment, the Monroe Credit
Agreement was amended to, among other things, reduce the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Loan under the Credit Agreement from
$2.0 million to $1.5 million. On August 3, 2015, the full amount of the Delayed Draw Loan was funded to us, $1.4 million of which
was used to make a payment in connection with a legal settlement agreement and the remaining $100,000 of which was paid to the
Agent as a deferred closing fee. The First Amendment also modified, for certain periods during the term of the Credit Agreement,
(i) the maximum senior debt to EBITDA ratio that the Company is required to maintain and (ii) the applicable limits on the Company s
aggregate permitted capital expenditures pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

Under the terms of the Monroe Credit Agreement,
the Company is able to borrow under the Monroe Line of Credit in an amount not to exceed the lesser of: (i) $5.0 million; and (ii)
the sum of 85% of all eligible accounts receivable plus 60% of all eligible inventory. Additionally, while the loans are outstanding
we must maintain: (a) a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00; (b) a senior debt to EBITDA ratio initially of 4.50 to 1.00,
decreasing to 1.50 to 1.00 over the term of the loans; and (c) a twelve month trailing EBITDA, measured quarterly, with the amounts
ranging from $4,750,000, increasing up to $7.0 million over the term of the loans. 

The Term A Loan provides for quarterly
amortization payments on the last day of each calendar quarter, commencing on June 30, 2015, in an aggregate principal amount equal
to $112,500, increasing to $225,000 on June 30, 2016, and increasing to $450,000 on June 30, 2017, with the balance payable on
the termination date of May 18, 2020 (the  Termination Date ). The Delayed Draw Loan provides for quarterly amortization
payments on the last day of each calendar quarter, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.625% of the original principal amount
of the Delayed Draw Loan, increasing to 1.25% on March 31, 2016, and increasing to 2.5% on March 31, 2017, with the balance payable
on the Termination Date. The Monroe Line of Credit is payable on the Termination Date. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we had approximately $3.7 million and $1.5 million, respectively, of cash on hand. The major sources and uses of cash during
2016 were all in the normal course of business. Our availability under our revolving credit facility was approximately $4.8 million
at September 30, 2016 and approximately $4.0 million at December 31, 2015. 

Capital expenditures and payments for intangibles
were approximately $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect to fund capital expenditures for the remainder
of 2016 from existing cash and operating cash flows. 

We were in compliance with
our financial covenants relating to our loans as of September 30, 2016. We expect to meet our financial covenants for the
remainder of 2016 and we also expect that cash provided by the business will be adequate to meet our planned needs. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Monroe Credit
Agreement, we made excess cash payments of approximately $0.3 million on February 19, 2016, $0.5 million on May 10, 2016, $0.6
million on August 16, 2016, and approximately $1.0 million will be paid on or before November
15, 2016, which all reduce the principal of our Term A Loan. The excess cash payment is calculated based on the definition
of excess cash flow under the Monroe Credit Agreement and is related to favorable financial performance, primarily relating to
cash flow generation. 

We did not pay a dividend in 2016 and we
do not have plans to pay a common dividend in the future. We are accruing dividends in connection with the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock issued on November 19, 2013, and we are accruing dividends in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock issued
on July 30, 2014. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Estimates
are used when accounting for certain items such as reserves for inventory, accounts receivable and deferred tax assets; assessing
the carrying value of intangible assets including goodwill; determining the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets; determining asset retirement obligations; and determining the fair value of contingent consideration. Estimates are based
on historical experience, where applicable, and assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Due to the
inherent uncertainty involved with estimates, actual results may differ. 

23   

Revenue Recognition   

Revenue from the sale of products or the
providing of services is recognized when the earnings process is complete, the amount of recognizable revenue can be determined,
the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer and collectability is reasonably assured. Depending on the
terms of the individual sales arrangement with our customer, product sales are recognized at either the shipping point or upon
receipt by the customer. Costs and related expenses to manufacture the products are recorded as costs of goods sold when the related
revenue is recognized. Additionally, if the right of return is granted to the buyer in a product sale, revenue is deferred until
enough historical customer data is available to reasonably estimate returns and related costs.  

We have two significant contracts providing
for the sale of indefinite quantities of products at fixed per unit prices, subject to adjustment for certain economic factors.
Revenue under these contracts is recognized when products ordered under the contracts are received by the customer. Whenever costs
change, we review the pricing under these contracts to determine whether they require the sale of products at a loss. To date,
we have no loss contracts which would require the accrual of future losses in the current financial statements. 

We also provide research and development
services for customers for which we earn payments that are contingent upon achieving a specific result ( milestones ).
Upon achieving such milestones, revenue is recognized provided the payment is (i) related to past performance, (ii) reasonable
relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement with our customer, and (iii) nonrefundable. 

Warrants Liability   

We use fair values as determined by significant
unobservable inputs. These estimated values are significant inputs into the Black Scholes pricing model used to calculate the estimated
fair value of warrants potentially settleable in cash, which are recorded as warrants liability. The estimated fair value of the
common warrants are determined at each balance sheet date and the change in the estimated fair value of the warrants is reflected
within our statements of comprehensive income.  

Income Taxes   

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted
tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are recognized when,
based upon available evidence, realization of the assets is more likely than not. 

In assessing the realization of long-term
deferred income tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax assets will be realized.
The realization of deferred income tax assets depends upon future taxable income in years before net operating loss carryforwards
expire. We evaluate the recoverability of deferred income tax assets on a quarterly basis. If we determine that it is more likely
than not that deferred income tax assets will not be recovered, we establish a valuation allowance against some or all deferred
income tax assets. 

When tax returns are filed, it is highly
certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty
about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position
is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax
positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement
 with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefit associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount
measured as described above, if such a position existed, would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. There were no such positions as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

We classify interest on tax deficiencies
as interest expense and income tax penalties as other expense.   

In September 2015, the IRS completed an
audit of our tax return for the year 2013. There were no adjustments to our 2013 tax return. Our tax returns filed for the 2014
and 2015 years are still open for audit. The tax return for 2014 was filed on September 14, 2015 under a filing extension. The
tax return for 2015 was filed on September 12, 2016 under a filing extension. 

Goodwill   

Goodwill is deemed to have an indefinite
life and accordingly, is not subject to amortization. Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment review, and, if conditions warrant,
interim impairment reviews. Impairment charges, if any, are recorded in the period in which the impairment is determined. 

24   

We perform the traditional two-step process
for assessing goodwill for impairment. The first step of the two-step process requires a comparison of our estimated fair value
for each reporting unit versus our carrying (book) value. If our carrying value exceeded our fair value, further analysis (step
2 of the two-step process) is required to determine the amount, if any, that our goodwill was impaired. To determine the amount
of fair value, we used a discounted cash flow analysis. 

Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets include developed technologies
and patents, customer relationships, customer backlog, non-compete agreements and certain trade names, which are amortized over
their estimated useful lives, and other trademarks and trade names, which are considered to have indefinite useful lives and therefore
are not amortized. The carrying amounts of intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that those carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, the carrying amounts of non-amortizing intangible assets
are reviewed for impairment annually every August 31. Costs incurred to register new patents or defend existing patents are capitalized
while costs to renew or extend the term of intangible assets are expensed when incurred. 

Inventories   

Inventories are stated at the lower of
cost (on a first-in first-out ( FIFO ) method) or net realizable value. We periodically review the realizability of
inventory. Provisions are recorded for potential obsolescence which requires management s judgment. Conditions impacting
the realizability of inventory could cause actual write-offs to be materially different than provisions for obsolescence. 

Foreign Operations and Currency   

Accounts of our foreign subsidiary are
recorded using their local currency (the euro) as the functional currency. For consolidation, revenues and expenses are converted
to U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate for the month in which they were recorded. Assets and liabilities are converted
to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect as of the balance sheet date. Equity transactions are converted to U.S. dollars
using the exchange rate in effect as of the date of the transaction. Translation gains and losses are reported as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Gains and losses resulting from transactions which are denominated in other than
the functional currencies are reported as other income, net in the statement of comprehensive income (loss) in the period the gain
or loss occurred. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The following are recent accounting pronouncements
that have affected our consolidated financial statements or may affect our consolidated financial statements in the future. 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Compensation- Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). The purpose
of the update is to simplify several areas of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective
for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 on our financial position and results of operations. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ).
The guidance clarifies that entities are not required to assess whether promised goods or services are performance obligations
if they are immaterial in the context of the contract. ASU 2016-10 also addresses how to determine whether promised goods or services
are separately identifiable and permits entities to make a policy election to treat shipping and handling costs as fulfillment
activities. In addition, it clarifies key provisions in Topic 606 related to licensing. ASU 2016-10 is effective for annual reporting
periods after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting ASU 2016-10 on our financial position and results of operations. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide information typically disclosed under this item. 

25   

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including principal executive and
financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to
the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable
assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon that
evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide
information typically disclosed under this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
from Registered Securities  

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated
Purchasers  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

The information contained in Item 1 of
Part II of this quarterly report is incorporated in this Item by reference. 

26   

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description    
 
      31.1  
      *  
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
      *  
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1  
      *  
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS  
      *  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
      *  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   
 
      101.CAL  
      *  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Database   
 
      101.DEF  
      *  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB  
      *  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE  
      *  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

*     Filed
herewith.  

27   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Zivi Nedivi   

Zivi Nedivi, Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Andrea Settembrino   

Andrea Settembrino, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

28   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452337_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Zivi Nedivi, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Zivi Nedivi   

Zivi Nedivi, Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452337_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Andrea Settembrino, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cyalume Technologies Holdings, Inc.;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ Andrea Settembrino   

Andrea Settembrino, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452337_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

Each of the undersigned officers of Cyalume
Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Company's Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ Zivi Nedivi   

Zivi Nedivi, Chief Executive Officer   

(the Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Andrea Settembrino   

Andrea Settembrino, Chief Financial Officer   

(the Principal Financial Officer)   

This certification is being furnished and
not filed, and shall not be incorporated into any document for any purpose, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities
Act of 1933. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cylu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cylu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cylu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cylu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cylu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cylu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

