<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_742278_0001571049-16-019235_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2987984</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91931</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>191890</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>604144</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1272288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>761365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019235.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031152944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019235
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RPC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000742278
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				581550825
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08726
		FILM NUMBER:		161961468

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BUFORD HIGHWAY NE, SUITE 520
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30329
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-321-2140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BUFORD HIGHWAY NE, SUITE 520
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RPC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RPC ENERGY SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019235.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 t1600670_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Commission File No. 1-8726 

RPC, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       58-1550825    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   

2801 Buford Highway, Suite 520, Atlanta,
Georgia 30329 

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code    (404) 321-2140  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   
      x  
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer  
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of October 21, 2016, RPC, Inc. had 217,522,209
shares of common stock outstanding. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 Table of Contents 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

   PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31,
2015 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015 

 (In thousands except per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016 AND 2015 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of RPC, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( RPC  or the  Company )
and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim
financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial
statements. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 810,  Consolidation  and Rule 3A-02(a) of Regulation S-X. In accordance
with ASC Topic 810 and Rule 3A-02 (a) of Regulation S-X, the Company s policy is to consolidate all subsidiaries and investees
where it has voting control. 

In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (all of which consisted of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.
Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

The balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. For further
information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

A group that includes the Company s
Chairman of the Board, R. Randall Rollins, and his brother Gary W. Rollins, who is also a director of the Company, and certain
companies under their control, controls in excess of fifty percent of the Company s voting power. 

Certain prior year amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the presentation in the current year. 

RPC s revenues are generated
principally from providing services and the related equipment. Revenues are recognized when the services are rendered and collectability
is reasonably assured. Revenues from services and equipment are based on fixed or determinable priced purchase orders or contracts
with the customer and do not include the right of return. Rates for services and equipment are priced on a per day, per unit of
measure, per man hour or similar basis. Sales tax charged to customers is presented on a net basis within the consolidated statement
of operations and excluded from revenues. 

3.  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued the following applicable Accounting Standards Updates (ASU): 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements:  

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.  The amendments
eliminate the requirement to retrospectively account for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination.
Adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period are required to be recognized in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined and calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date and
either disclosed on the face of the income statement or in the notes by each category. The Company adopted these provisions in
the first quarter of 2016 and plans to apply the provisions for all business combinations completed thereafter. The adoption did
not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value
per Share (or Its Equivalent).  The amendments remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments
for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient. In addition, there
is no requirement to make certain disclosures for such investments. The Company adopted these provisions in the first quarter of
2016 and plans to exclude the pension assets that are measured using the net asset value per share from the fair value hierarchy
disclosure. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  Financial statements are generally prepared under the presumption that
the reporting organization will continue to operate as a going concern, except in limited circumstances. This ASU provides guidance
on management s responsibility to include footnote disclosures when there is substantial doubt about the organization s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company adopted these provisions in the first quarter of 2016 and will provide such
disclosures as required if there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted:  

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The amendments
provide guidance in the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows
including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, and distributions
received from equity method investees. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments
for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  The
amendments require the credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration
should presented as an allowance rather than a write down. It also allows recording of credit loss reversals in current period
net income. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2019 with early application permitted a year earlier. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions
on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The amendments
provide clarifying guidance on (i) the criteria of collectability and recognition of related revenue; (ii) election to exclude
amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price; (iii) measurement date for
noncash consideration and variability related to the form of consideration. In addition, the amendments provide a practical expedient
(i) to reflect the aggregate effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period presented; (ii)
to clarify the status of completed contracts under legacy GAAP and (iii) the disclosures related to the application of this guidance
using the modified retrospective or retrospective transition method. The Company plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter
of 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-11, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting
Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting.  This ASU rescinds
certain SEC guidance related to (i) revenue and expense recognition for freight services; (ii) shipping and handling fees and costs;
(iii) consideration given by a vendor to a customer; and (iv)gas balancing arrangements that are currently codified under various
topics. The Company plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  The amendments
clarify the following two aspects: (a) identifying performance obligations   better articulating the principle for determining
whether promises to transfer goods or services are separately identifiable and revising the related factors and examples to align
with the clarification; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance to improve its operability and understandability. The Company
plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions
on its consolidated financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The
amendments simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences;
(b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification within the statement of cash flows.  T he
amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.
Early adoption is permitted for any organization in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross
versus Net).  The amendments relate to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or service
to a customer. Topic 606 requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to
the customer (i.e., the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other
party (i.e., the entity is an agent). The Company plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2018 and is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-07, Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting.  The amendments eliminate the requirement to adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings
retroactively when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest
or degree of influence. The cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee is to be added to the current basis of the
investor s previously held interest and the equity method is to be adopted as of the date the investment becomes qualified
for it. In addition, an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting
is required to recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the
date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842).  Under the new guidance, lessees will need to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
for virtually all of their leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease), at the commencement of the
lease term. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject
to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. The amendments in this standard are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. Lessees (for capital and
operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition
approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Updates
No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.  The amendments make targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP and affects accounting for equity investments
and financial instruments and liabilities and related disclosures. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted for certain provisions. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of these provisions on its consolidated financial statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounting Standards Update
No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  Current requirements are to measure inventory
at the lower of cost or market. Market could be replacement cost, net realizable value, or net realizable value less an approximated
normal profit margin. These amendments allow inventory to be measured at lower of cost or net realizable value and eliminates the
market requirement. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable
costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amendments do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out
or the retail inventory method. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The amendments are to be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted. The Company
plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2017 and currently does not expect the adoption to have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting
Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The core principle of the guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle,
an entity should apply a five step process   (i) identifying the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identifying the performance
obligations in the contract, (iii) determining the transaction price, (iv) allocating the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract and (v) recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company
plans to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2018 in accordance with ASU 2015-14 that deferred the effective date of
ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these provisions on its consolidated
financial statements. 

4.  LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted loss per share
are computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the respective periods. In addition,
the Company has periodically issued share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends and are therefore
considered participating securities. Restricted shares of common stock (participating securities) outstanding and a reconciliation
of weighted average shares outstanding is as follows: 

5.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

In April 2014, the Company reserved
8,000,000 shares of common stock under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with a term of 10 years expiring in April 2024.  This
plan provides for the issuance of various forms of stock incentives, including, among others, incentive and non-qualified stock
options and restricted shares.  As of September 30, 2016, there were 6,238,000 shares available for grant. 

Stock-based employee compensation
expense was as follows for the periods indicated: 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted Stock  

The following is a summary of
the changes in non-vested restricted shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The total fair value of shares
vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9,611,000 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $12,727,000.
Tax benefits for compensation tax deductions in excess of compensation expense for restricted shares totaled $360,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and $1,410,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These tax benefits were credited to
capital in excess of par value and classified as financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

As of September
30, 2016, total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares was $40,826,000 which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.6 years. 

6.  BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION 

RPC s service lines have
been aggregated into two reportable oil and gas services segments, Technical Services and Support Services, because of the similarities
between the financial performance and approach to managing the s e rvice lines within each of the segments, as well as the
economic and business conditions impacting their business activity levels. Corporate includes selected administrative costs incurred
by the Company that are not allocated to business units. Gains or losses on disposition of assets are reviewed by the Company s
chief decision maker on a consolidated basis, and accordingly the Company does not report these gains or losses at the segment
level. 

Technical Services include RPC s
oil and gas service lines that utilize people and equipment to perform value-added completion, production and maintenance services
directly to a customer s well. These services include pressure pumping services, snubbing, coiled tubing, nitrogen pumping,
well control consulting and firefighting, downhole tools, wireline, and fluid pumping services. These Technical Services are primarily
used in the completion, production and maintenance of oil and gas wells. The principal markets for this segment include the United
States, including the Gulf of Mexico, the mid-continent, southwest, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and international locations
including primarily Argentina, Canada, Gabon, Bolivia, China and Mexico. Customers include major multi-national and independent
oil and gas producers, and selected nationally-owned oil companies. 

Support Services include RPC s
oil and gas service lines that primarily provide equipment for customer use or services to assist customer operations. The equipment
and services include drill pipe and related tools, pipe handling, inspection and storage services and oilfield training services.
The demand for these services tends to be influenced primarily by customer drilling-related activity levels. The principal markets
for this segment include the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico and the mid-continent regions, and selected international
locations. Customers include domestic operations of major multi-national and independent oil and gas producers, and selected nationally-owned
oil companies. 

Inter-segment revenues are generally
recorded in segment operating results at prices that management believes approximate prices for arm s length transactions
and are not material to operating results. Certain information with respect to RPC s business segments is set forth in the
following tables: 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Certain information with respect to RPC s business segments
is set forth in the following tables: 

7.  INVENTORIES 

Inventories of $110,868,000
at September 30, 2016 and $128,441,000 at December 31, 2015 consist of raw materials, parts and supplies. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

8.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 

The following represents the
net periodic benefit cost and related components of the Company s multiple employers Retirement Income Plan: 

The Company contributions to
this plan were $4,300,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $850,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

The Company permits selected
highly compensated employees to defer a portion of their compensation into the non-qualified Supplemental Retirement Plan ( SERP ).
The SERP assets are marked to market and totaled $17,785,000 as of September 30, 2016 and $16,081,000 as of December 31, 2015.
The SERP assets are reported in non-current other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and changes in the fair value of these
assets are reported in the consolidated statements of operations as compensation cost in selling, general and administrative expenses.
Trading gains (losses) related to the SERP assets were approximately as follows: 

The
SERP liability includes participant deferrals net of distributions and is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets in long-term
pension liabilities with any change in the fair value of the liabilities recorded as compensation cost within selling, general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.  

9.  NOTES PAYABLE TO BANKS 

The Company has a revolving credit
facility with Banc of America Securities, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., and Regions Capital Markets as Joint Lead Arrangers
and Joint Book Managers, and a syndicate of four other lenders. The facility has a general term of five years ending January
17, 2019 and provides for a line of credit of up to $125 million, including a $50 million letter of credit subfacility, and a $35
million swingline subfacility. The revolving credit facility contains customary terms and conditions, including restrictions
on indebtedness, dividend payments, business combinations and other related items. The revolving credit facility includes a full
and unconditional guarantee by the Company's 100 percent owned domestic subsidiaries whose assets equal substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Certain of the Company s minor subsidiaries are not guarantors. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company
amended the revolving credit facility to (1) establish a borrowing base to be the lesser of (a) $125 million or (b) the difference
between (i) a specified percentage (ranging from 70% to 80%) of eligible accounts receivable less (ii) the amount of any outstanding
letters of credit, (2) secure payment obligations under the credit facility with a security interest in the consolidated accounts
receivable, and (3) replace the financial covenants related to minimum leverage and debt service coverage ratios with a covenant
to maintain a minimum tangible net worth of not less than $700 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance
with this covenant. 

Revolving loans under the amended
revolving credit facility bear interest at one of the following two rates at the Company s election: 

the Base Rate, which is a fluctuating rate per annum
equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (b) Bank of America s publicly announced  prime rate, 
and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00%; in each case plus a margin that ranges from 0.125% to 1.125% based on a quarterly consolidated
leverage ratio calculation; or 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

the Eurodollar Rate, which is the rate per annum equal
to the London Interbank Offering Rate ( LIBOR ); plus, a margin ranging from 1.125% to 2.125%, based upon a quarterly
debt covenant calculation. 

In addition, the Company pays
an annual fee ranging from 0.225% to 0.325%, based on a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio calculation, on the unused portion
of the credit facility. 

The Company has incurred loan
origination fees and other debt related costs associated with the revolving credit facility in the aggregate of approximately $3.0
million. These costs, net of amounts written off as a result of a reduction in the size of the revolving credit facility in
2015, are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the five-year loan, and the remaining net balance of $0.3
million at September 30, 2016 is classified as part of non-current other assets. 

On January 4, 2016, the Company
entered into a separate one year $35 million uncommitted letter of credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. Under the terms of
the letter of credit facility, the Company will pay 0.75% per annum on outstanding letters of credit. No origination fees were
incurred in connection with this facility. Letters of credit outstanding under this facility totaled $17.7 million as of September
30, 2016 and $29.3 million as of December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, RPC
had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Interest incurred and paid on the credit facility, interest
capitalized related to facilities and equipment under construction, and the related weighted average interest rates were as follows
for the periods indicated: 

The Company determines its periodic
income tax benefit or expense based upon the current period income and the annual estimated tax rate for the Company adjusted for
any change to prior period estimates. The estimated tax rate is revised, if necessary, as of the end of each successive interim
period during the fiscal year to the Company's current annual estimated tax rate. 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, the income tax benefit reflects an effective tax rate of 30.8 percent compared to an effective
tax rate of 34.8 percent for the comparable period in the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the income
tax benefit reflects an effective tax rate of 41.9 percent compared to an effective tax rate of 35.2 percent for the comparable
period in the prior year. The nine-month effective tax rate includes a discrete income tax benefit of $15.7 million recognized
during the first quarter of 2016 related to the favorable resolution of uncertain state income tax positions. As a result
of this adjustment, the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $2.2 million. 

The Company adopted the provisions
of Accounting Standards Update 2015-17 as of the year ended December 31, 2015 that requires all deferred tax balances to be classified
as non-current. Accordingly, the net deferred tax balance has been reflected as a non-current liability in the accompanying
balance sheet as of September 30, 2016.  

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11.  FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES 

The various inputs used to measure
assets at fair value establish a hierarchy that distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and
the Company s assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three broad levels as follows: 

1.  Level 1   Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

2.  Level 2   Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the
market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

3.  Level 3   Unobservable inputs developed using the Company s estimates and assumptions, which reflect those that
market participants would use.   

The following table summarizes
the valuation of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the balance sheets as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

Fair value measurements at September 30, 2016 with:     
 
     (in thousands)    
     Quoted prices in  active markets  for identical  assets       
     Significant other  observable inputs       
     Significant  unobservable inputs     

(Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     
 
     Assets:    

Trading securities    
     $  -       
     $  17,785       
     $  -     
 
     Available-for-sale securities    
        257       
        -       
        -     

Fair value measurements at December 31, 2015 with:     
 
     (in thousands)    
     Quoted prices in  active markets  for identical  assets       
     Significant other  observable inputs       
     Significant  unobservable inputs     

(Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     
 
     Assets:    

Trading securities    
     $  -       
     $  16,081       
     $  -     
 
     Available-for-sale securities    
        259       
        -       
        -     

The Company determines the fair
value of the marketable securities that are available-for-sale through quoted market prices. The total fair value is the final
closing price, as defined by the exchange in which the asset is actively traded, on the last trading day of the period, multiplied
by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Significant observable inputs in addition to quoted market
prices were used to value trading securities. As a result, the Company classified these investments as using level 2 inputs. 

There were no outstanding borrowings
on the revolving credit facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The fair value of borrowings is based on quotes from
the lender (level 2 inputs). The borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility bear interest at the variable rate
described in Note 9. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on the variable component of the interest rate. 

The carrying amounts of other
financial instruments reported in the balance sheet for current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair values because
of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Accumulated other comprehensive
(loss) income consists of the following (in thousands): 

(1)  Reported as part of selling, general and administrative expenses.   

(1)  Reported as part of selling, general and administrative expenses.   

On October 25, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a $0.05
per share cash dividend payable December 9, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 10, 2016. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Overview  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. See also  Forward-Looking
Statements  on page 25. 

RPC, Inc. ( RPC ) provides
a broad range of specialized oilfield services primarily to independent and major oilfield companies engaged in exploration, production
and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico, mid-continent, southwest,
Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and in selected international locations. The Company s revenues and profits are generated
by providing equipment and services to customers who operate oil and gas properties and invest capital to drill new wells and enhance
production or perform maintenance on existing wells. We continuously monitor factors that impact current and expected customer
activity levels, such as the price of oil and natural gas, changes in pricing for our services and equipment, and utilization of
our equipment and personnel. Our financial results are affected by geopolitical factors such as political instability in the petroleum-producing
regions of the world, the actions of the OPEC oil cartel, overall economic conditions and weather in the United States, the prices
of oil and natural gas, and our customers  drilling and production activities. 

The discussion of our key business and financial
strategies set forth under the Overview section in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015 is incorporated herein by reference.  In 2016, the Company s strategy of utilizing equipment in unconventional
basins has continued.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made capital expenditures totaling $24.9 million
primarily for the maintenance of our existing revenue-producing equipment. 

During the third quarter of 2016, revenues
decreased 39.8 percent to $175.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in revenues resulted primarily
from lower industry activity levels, equipment utilization and pricing for our services, partially offset by higher service intensity.
International revenues for the third quarter of 2016 decreased 44.9 percent to $10.7 million compared to the same period in the
prior year. We continue to pursue international growth opportunities, but the nature of this work is unpredictable and we believe
that international revenues will continue to represent a low percentage of RPC s consolidated revenues in the future. 

Cost of revenues decreased during the
third quarter of 2016 in comparison to the same period of the prior year due to lower activity levels, coupled with reduced personnel
headcount and incentive compensation. As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues increased due to inefficiencies resulting from
lower activity levels and continued low pricing for our services. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
were $34.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $37.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in these expenses
resulted from lower total employment costs due to headcount reductions. As a percentage of revenues, these costs increased to 19.8
percent in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 12.8 percent in the third quarter of 2015 due to significant decline in revenues. 

Losses before income taxes were $56.3 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $53.9 million in the same period of 2015. Losses per share were $0.18
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.16 in the same period of 2015. Cash provided by operating activities
was $94.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $386.3 million in the same period of 2015 due primarily
to an unfavorable change in working capital coupled with higher net losses. 

We expect capital expenditures during full
year 2016 will be approximately $35 million, and will be directed primarily towards the capitalized maintenance of our existing
fleet of revenue-producing equipment. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Outlook  

Drilling activity in the U.S. domestic
oilfields, as measured by the rotary drilling rig count, reached a recent cyclical peak of 1,931 during the third quarter of 2014.
Between the third quarter of 2014 and the second quarter of 2016, the drilling rig count fell by approximately 79 percent. During
the second quarter of 2016, the U.S. domestic drilling rig count reached the lowest level ever recorded. The principal catalyst
for this steep rig count decline is the decrease in the price of oil in the world markets, which began in the second quarter of
2014. The price of oil began to fall at that time due to the perceived oversupply of oil, weak global demand growth, and the strength
of the U.S. dollar on world currency markets. The price of oil fell by approximately 70 percent from its peak during the second
quarter of 2014 to the end of the first quarter of 2016. During the second quarter of 2016, the price of oil increased slightly,
and late in the second quarter and during the third quarter, the domestic drilling rig count began to increase as well. As of the
beginning of the fourth quarter of 2016, RPC believes that U.S. oilfield activity will increase moderately during the near term,
although we do not have any long-term visibility at this time. 

The current and projected prices of oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids are important catalysts for U.S. domestic drilling activity. During 2015 and through the first
quarter of 2016, the prices of oil and natural gas fell to levels that discourage our customers from undertaking most of their
potential exploration and production activities. The prices of oil and natural gas have increased slightly during the second and
third quarters of 2016, although they have not yet risen to levels that provide most of our customers financial returns that will
encourage significant improvement in drilling and production activities. The average price of natural gas liquids during the third
quarter of 2016 increased by approximately 15 percent compared to the third quarter of the prior year, but decreased by approximately
four percent compared to the second quarter of 2016. These commodity price trends, if they continue, have moderately positive implications
for our near-term activity levels. As evidence of the impact of recovering commodity prices on our customers  activity levels,
the oil-directed drilling rig count at the end of the third quarter of 2016 had increased by approximately 35 percent compared
to the lowest oil-directed rig count recorded during the second quarter of 2016, and the natural gas-directed rig count had increased
by approximately 17 percent between the lowest rig count recorded in the second quarter of 2016 and the end of the third quarter
of 2016. 

The majority of the U.S. domestic rig
count remains directed towards oil. At the end of the third quarter of 2016, approximately 81 percent of the U.S. domestic rig
count was directed towards oil, a slight increase compared to the end of 2015. We believe that oil-directed drilling will remain
the majority of domestic drilling, and that natural gas-directed drilling will remain a low percentage of U.S. domestic drilling
in the near term. We believe that this relationship will continue due to relatively low prices for natural gas, high production
from existing natural gas wells, and industry projections of limited increases in domestic natural gas demand during the near term. 

We continue to monitor the market for
our services and the competitive environment in 2016. We believe that the recent increases in the U.S. domestic rig count indicate
that the current industry downturn has reached a trough, and that the U.S. domestic rig count will continue to recover moderately
during the near term. In addition, we believe that the continued significant oversupply of oilfield service equipment and personnel
in the domestic U.S. market will prevent us from achieving pricing increases for our services until oilfield activity levels increase
significantly. Over the long term, we believe that the steep decline in oil-directed drilling in the U.S. domestic market will
reduce U.S. domestic oil production and serve as a catalyst for oil prices to increase. This belief is due to the fact that oil-directed
wells drilled in shale resource plays typically exhibit high initial production soon after being completed followed by a decline
in production in later years. We note that U.S. domestic oil production peaked in the third quarter of 2015, and has declined during
the first three quarters of 2016. U.S. domestic natural gas production reached a cyclical peak during the first quarter of 2015,
although the latest reported natural gas production statistics remain high by historical standards. We are encouraged by the fact
that the drilling and completion activities that took place during 2015 and continue in 2016 are highly service-intensive and require
a large amount of equipment and raw materials. Furthermore, we note that some wells in the U.S. domestic market have been drilled
but not completed. These uncompleted wells represent potential revenue for RPC s completion-directed service lines, which
comprise the majority of RPC s revenues. Finally, we are encouraged by our belief that many of our competitors are not maintaining
their equipment to a level that allows them to provide reliable, consistent services to their customers. During 2015 and the first
three quarters of 2016, we responded to the significant declines in industry activity levels and pricing for our services by reducing
costs including seeking price concessions from our suppliers. In addition, we have reduced employee headcount, closed selected
operational locations and revised our variable compensation programs. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

We note in the current competitive
environment that many of our smaller competitors have high levels of debt, higher cost structures, and less-developed
logistical capabilities than RPC. During 2015 and through the first three  quarters of 2016, a number of smaller competitors
have ceased operations and sold their businesses or liquidated their assets. During 2016, several of our peers have filed for
bankruptcy protection. These observations encourage us to believe that our markets will eventually become less competitive
for a period of time. In the fourth quarter of 2015 we initiated a process whereby we more closely scrutinize the maintenance
status of our currently idled revenue-producing assets. Through this process, we are attempting to ensure that our idle
equipment is prepared to return to service as soon as market conditions encourage us to do so. We believe that this process
will provide an advantage to RPC, in contrast to many competitors who do not have the liquidity to maintain their fleets, and
thus will not be able to return their assets to service in a timely manner when market conditions improve. In this
environment RPC also monitors the financial stability of our customers, due to the fact that many of them have also financed
their operations with a large amount of debt, and this type of financing is less available in 2016 than in previous years,
although we also note that many of our customers have recently raised equity to stabilize their capital structures and expand
their operations. RPC plans minimal increases in our fleet of revenue-producing equipment during the remainder of 2016. Our
consistent response to the industry's potential uncertainty is to maintain sufficient liquidity and a conservative capital
structure and monitor our discretionary spending. We intend to maintain a financial structure which includes little or no
debt during the near term. 

Results of Operations 

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO THREE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

Revenues.  Revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 decreased 39.8 percent compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Domestic revenues of $165.2
million decreased 39.4 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in revenues resulted primarily from
lower industry activity levels, equipment utilization and pricing for our services, partially offset by higher service intensity.
International revenues of $10.7 million decreased 44.9 percent for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year. Our international revenues are impacted by the timing of project initiation and their ultimate duration
and can be difficult to predict. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

The average price of natural gas was 5.5
percent higher and the average price of oil was 4.0 percent lower during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period
in the prior year. The average domestic rig count during the current quarter was 44.1 percent lower than the same period in 2015. 

The Technical Services segment revenues for
the third quarter of 2016 decreased 39.8 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. Revenues in this segment decreased
due to lower activity levels and pricing as compared to the prior year, particularly within our pressure pumping service line,
which is the largest service line within this segment. The Support Services segment revenues for the third quarter of 2016 decreased
by 39.0 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was due principally to lower pricing and activity
levels within rental tools, which is the largest service line within this segment, partially offset by relatively stronger financial
results within several of the other service lines which comprise this segment. Both the Technical and Support Services segments
continue to report operating losses due to low levels of revenues, partially offset by cost control efforts undertaken throughout
the Company and lower depreciation and amortization expenses. 

Cost of revenues.   Cost of
revenues decreased 37.5 percent to $146.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $234.6 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Cost of revenues decreased due to lower activity levels, coupled with reduced
personnel headcount and incentive compensation. As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues increased due to inefficiencies resulting
from lower activity levels coupled with continued low pricing for our services. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses were $34.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
$37.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. These expense decreases resulted from lower total employment costs
due to headcount reductions. As a percentage of revenues, these costs increased to
19.8 percent in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 12.8 percent in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to significantly
lower revenues. 

Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation
and amortization decreased 24.7 percent to $52.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $69.0 million
for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 due to minimal capital expenditures during the last two years. 

Gain (loss) on disposition of assets,
net.   Gain on disposition of assets, net was $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a
net loss of $3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The gain (loss) on disposition of assets, net is
comprised of gains or losses related to various property and equipment dispositions or sales to customers of lost or damaged rental
equipment. 

Other (expense) income, net.  Other
income, net was $86 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to other expense, net of $795 thousand for
the same period in the prior year. 

Interest expense.  Interest expense
of $115 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to $250 thousand for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense declined during the quarter because RPC had no outstanding balances under its revolving credit facility
during the quarter. Interest expense during the third quarter of 2016 principally consists of facility fees on the unused portion
of the credit facility. 

Income tax benefit.  Income tax
benefit was $17.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $18.8 million for the same period in 2015.
The effective tax rate was 30.8 percent for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 34.8 percent for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

Revenues.  Revenues for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 decreased 49.0 percent compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Domestic revenues of $469.7
million decreased 50.2 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in revenues resulted primarily from
lower industry activity levels, equipment utilization and pricing for our services, partially offset by higher service intensity.
International revenues of $38.3 million decreased 27.6 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year. Our international revenues are impacted by the timing of project initiation and their ultimate duration
and can be difficult to predict. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

The average price of natural gas was
14.8 percent lower and the average price of oil was  18.7 percent lower during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the same period in the prior year. The average domestic rig count during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
was 54.4 percent lower than the same period in 2015. 

The Technical Services segment revenues for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 49.2 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. Revenues in this
segment decreased primarily due to lower activity levels and pricing as compared to the prior year, particularly within our pressure
pumping service line, which is the largest service line within this segment. The Support Services segment revenues for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by 46.2 percent compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was due
principally to lower pricing and activity levels within rental tools, which is the largest service line within this segment, partially
offset by relatively stronger financial results within several of the other service lines which comprise this segment. Both the
Technical and Support Services segments reported operating losses due to lower revenues, partially offset by cost control efforts
undertaken throughout the Company and lower depreciation and amortization expenses. 

Cost of revenues.   Cost of
revenues decreased 43.4 percent to $434.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $768.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of revenues decreased due to lower activity levels, coupled with reduced personnel
headcount and incentive compensation. As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues increased due to inefficiencies resulting from
lower activity levels coupled with continued low pricing for our services. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were $114.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $120.0 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These expenses decreased due to lower total employment costs due to headcount reductions,
as well as other expense reduction efforts partially offset by an increase in bad debt expense and professional fees. The Company
recorded a contingent professional fee of $2.0 million during the first quarter of 2016 in connection with the resolution of an
open income tax matter. As a percentage of revenues, these costs increased to 22.6 percent during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to 12.0 percent during the same period in the prior year due to increases in bad debt expense and professional
fees previously noted as well as significantly lower revenues. 

Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation
and amortization decreased 17.5 percent to $168.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $204.8 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to minimal capital expenditures during the last two years. 

Gain (loss) on disposition of assets,
net.   Gain on disposition of assets, net was $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net
loss of $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The gain (loss) on disposition of assets, net is comprised
of gains or losses related to various property and equipment dispositions or sales to customers of lost or damaged rental equipment. 

Other income (expense), net.  Other
income, net was $274 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.9 million for the same period in the
prior year. The decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the same period in the prior year is due
to proceeds from a legal settlement recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense.  Interest expense
of $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased in comparison to $1.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Interest expense declined during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the prior year same
period because RPC had no outstanding balances under its revolving credit facility during the current year. The current year expense
principally consists of facility fees on the unused portion of the credit facility. 

Income tax benefit.  Income tax
benefit was $86.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to $33.6 million for the same period in
2015. The effective tax rate of 41.9 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was higher than the 35.2 percent for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The income tax benefit during the first nine months of 2016 includes a discrete tax benefit
of $15.7 million recorded in connection with the favorable resolution of an open tax issue. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash Flows  

The Company s cash and cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2016 were $139.1 million. The following table sets forth the historical cash flows for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Cash provided by operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $291.7 million compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease
is due primarily to net unfavorable changes in working capital of $191.7 million coupled with an increase in net losses of $58.5
million, a decrease in depreciation and amortization expenses of $36.8 million, and a decrease in long-term liabilities of $14.2
million primarily related to income taxes, partially offset by an increase in the deferred income tax benefit of $20.4 million. 

The net unfavorable change in working
capital is primarily due to unfavorable changes of $259.8 million in accounts receivable due to a smaller contribution from lower
business activity levels and $10.6 million in income taxes payable/ receivable, net. This unfavorable change was partially offset
by favorable changes of $41.6 million in accounts payable; $26.7 million in accrued payroll and related expenses; $5.6 million
in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $3.7 million in accrued state, local and other taxes consistent with lower business
activity levels coupled with the timing of payments. 

Cash used for investing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $129.5 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily
as a result of significantly lower capital expenditures in response to weaker industry conditions. 

Cash used for financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $238.4 million primarily as a result of lower net loan repayments as there
has been no outstanding borrowings since the fourth quarter of 2016 coupled with lower common stock dividends during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. The Company reduced its common stock dividend during the
first quarter of 2015 and temporarily suspended its common stock dividend beginning in the second quarter of 2015. 

Financial Condition and Liquidity  

The Company s financial condition as
of September 30, 2016 remains strong.  We believe the liquidity provided by our existing cash and cash equivalents and our
overall strong capitalization will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our requirements for at least the next twelve months. The
Company currently has a $125 million revolving credit facility that matures in January 2019. The facility contains customary terms
and conditions, including restrictions on indebtedness, dividend payments, business combinations and other related items. On June
30, 2016, the Company amended the revolving credit facility to (1) establish a borrowing base to be the lesser of (a) $125 million
or (b) the difference between (i) a specified percentage (ranging from 70% to 80%) of eligible accounts receivable less (ii) the
amount of any outstanding letters of credit, (2) secure payment obligations under the credit facility with a security interest
in the consolidated accounts receivable, and (3) replace the financial covenants related to minimum leverage and debt service coverage
ratios with a covenant to maintain a minimum tangible net worth of not less than $700 million. As of September 30, 2016, there
were no outstanding borrowings. The Company also has a one year $35 million uncommitted letter of credit facility dated January
4, 2016; RPC had letters of credit outstanding relating to self-insurance programs and contract bids totaling $17.7 million as
of September 30, 2016. Additional information regarding our revolving credit facility is included in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report. 

The Company s decisions about the amount
of cash to be used for investing and financing purposes are influenced by its capital position, including access to borrowings
under our credit facility, and the expected amount of cash to be provided by operations. We believe our liquidity will continue
to provide the opportunity to grow our asset base and revenues during periods with positive business conditions and strong customer
activity levels. In addition, the Company s decisions about the amount of cash to be used for investing and financing activities
may also be influenced by the financial covenants in our credit facility. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Cash Requirements  

The Company currently expects that capital
expenditures will be approximately $35 million during 2016, of which $24.9 million has been spent as of September 30, 2016. We
expect capital expenditures for the remainder of 2016 to be primarily directed toward capitalized equipment maintenance. The actual
amount of 2016 capital expenditures will depend upon equipment maintenance requirements, expansion opportunities, and equipment
delivery schedules and can be modified based on market conditions and other factors. 

The Company has ongoing sales and use tax
audits in various jurisdictions subject to varying interpretations of statutes. The Company has recorded the exposure from these
audits to the extent issues are resolved or are reasonably estimable. There are issues that could result in unfavorable outcomes
that cannot be currently estimated. 

The Company s Retirement Income Plan,
a multiple employer trusteed defined benefit pension plan, provides monthly benefits upon retirement at age 65 to eligible employees.
The Company contributed $4.3 million to this plan in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and does not expect to make
any additional contributions during the remainder of 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
stock buyback program authorizes the repurchase of up to 31,578,125 shares. There were no shares repurchased on the open market
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2,050,154 shares remain available to be repurchased under the current authorization
as of September 30, 2016. The Company may repurchase outstanding common shares periodically based on market conditions and our
capital allocation strategies considering restrictions under our credit facility. The stock buyback program does not have a predetermined
expiration date. 

On July 28, 2015, the Board of Directors voted to temporarily suspend RPC's quarterly cash dividend to common stockholders. However, on October 25, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a special year-end cash dividend of $0.05 per share payable December 9, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 10, 2016.  Subject to industry conditions and RPC's earnings, financial condition, and other relevant factors, the Company expects to resume regular quarterly cash dividends to common stockholders in the future. 

INFLATION   

The Company purchases its equipment and materials from suppliers
who provide competitive prices, and employs skilled workers from competitive labor markets. If inflation in the general economy
increases, the Company s costs for equipment, materials and labor could increase as well. Also, increases in activity in
the domestic oilfield can cause upward wage pressures in the labor markets from which it hires employees as well as increases in
the costs of certain materials and key equipment components used to provide services to the Company s customers. In previous
periods of strong oilfield activity, we experienced high employment costs due to the demand for skilled labor in our markets as
well as high costs for certain raw materials the Company uses to provide its services. During 2015 and through the first and second
quarters of 2016, however, supplies of raw materials became more readily available as domestic oilfield activity decreased. In
addition, skilled labor became more available, and upward wage pressures subsided. During the first and second quarters of 2016,
the prices of both skilled labor and many of the raw materials used in providing our services continued to decline during the near
term. During the third quarter of 2016, however, the Company began to experience upward pressure on the price of labor, due to
increased oilfield activity and a shortage of skilled employees caused by the industry s headcount reductions since the first
quarter of 2015. In addition, there are indications that the prices of certain raw materials used in providing our services may
increase as well. In spite of slightly higher oilfield activity, at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2016, the market for
the Company s services is still very competitive, so it may be difficult for the Company to increase the prices charged to
our customers to compensate for these cost increases.  

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

The Company does not have any material
off balance sheet arrangements. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Marine Products Corporation  

Effective February 28, 2001, the Company
spun-off the business conducted through Chaparral Boats, Inc, RPC s former powerboat manufacturing segment. In conjunction
with the spin-off, RPC and Marine Products Corporation entered into various agreements that define the companies  relationship.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, RPC charged Marine Products Corporation for its allocable share of administrative
costs incurred for services rendered on behalf of Marine Products Corporation totaling $559,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $550,000 for the comparable period in 2015. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Other  

The Company periodically purchases in
the ordinary course of business products or services from suppliers who are owned by officers or significant stockholders of, or
affiliated with the directors of RPC. The total amounts paid to these affiliated parties were $676,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and $992,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

RPC receives certain
administrative services and rents office space from Rollins, Inc. (a company of which Mr. R. Randall Rollins is also Chairman,
and which is controlled by Mr. Rollins and his affiliates). The service agreements between Rollins, Inc. and the Company provide
for the provision of services on a cost reimbursement basis and are terminable on nine months  notice. The services covered
by these agreements include office space, selected administration services for certain employee benefit programs, and other administrative
services. Charges to the Company (or to corporations which are subsidiaries of the Company) for such services and rent aggregated
$74,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $63,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The discussion of Critical Accounting
Policies is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015. There have been no significant changes in the critical accounting policies since year-end. 

IMPACT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated
effects on results of operations and financial condition. 

SEASONALITY  

Oil and natural gas prices affect demand
throughout the oil and natural gas industry, including the demand for the Company s products and services. The Company s
business depends in large part on the economic conditions of the oil and gas industry, and specifically on the capital expenditures
of its customers related to the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. There is a positive correlation between these
expenditures and customers  demand for the Company s services. As such, when these expenditures fluctuate, customers 
demand for the Company s services fluctuates as well. These fluctuations depend on the current and projected prices of oil
and natural gas and resulting drilling activity, and are not seasonal to any material degree. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain statements made in this report
that are not historical facts are  forward-looking statements  under Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation,
statements regarding the effect of recent accounting pronouncements on the Company s consolidated financial statements; our
plans to continue to pursue international growth opportunities and our belief that international revenues will continue to represent
a low percentage of our consolidated revenues in the future; our expectation for the amount and focus of our capital expenditures
during 2016; the belief that oil and natural gas prices have not risen to levels that provide to most of our customers financial
returns that will encourage drilling and production activities; the belief that oil-directed drilling will remain the majority
of domestic drilling, and that natural gas-directed drilling will remain a low percentage of U.S. domestic drilling in the near
term; the belief that recent increases in U.S. domestic rig count indicate that the current industry downturn has reached a trough
and U.S. domestic rig count will continue to recover moderately during the near term; the belief that the continued significant
oversupply of oilfield service equipment and personnel in the domestic U.S. market will prevent us from achieving pricing increases
for our services until oilfield activity levels increase significantly; the belief that the steep decline in oil-directed drilling
in the U.S. domestic oil market will reduce U.S. domestic oil production and serve as a catalyst for oil prices to increase; the
belief that many of our competitors are not maintaining their equipment to a level that allows them to provide services to their
customers; the belief that markets will eventually become less competitive for a period of time due to the cessation of operations
of various competitors; the belief that our continued maintenance of our equipment will provide an advantage to us in contrast
to many competitors who do not have the liquidity to maintain their fleets; our plans for minimal increases in our fleet of revenue-producing
equipment during 2016; our plans to maintain our financial structure which includes little or no debt during the near term; our
plan to maintain sufficient liquidity and a conservative capital structure and monitor our discretionary spending; our business
strategy, plans and objectives; market risk exposure; adequacy of capital resources and funds; opportunity for growth and expansion;
anticipated pension funding payments and capital expenditures; our expectation that we will resume cash dividends, subject to the
earnings and financial condition of the Company and other relevant factors; the possible unfavorable outcome of sales and use tax
audits; the impact of inflation and related trends on the Company s financial position and operating results; our beliefs
regarding oil field activity and the related impact on wages for skilled labor and the prices of raw material used in providing
our services; our belief that because customers are demanding lower prices for our services it will be difficult to realize higher
operating profit from these anticipated cost decreases; our belief that changes in foreign exchange rates are not expected to have
a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition; our belief that the outcome of litigation will
not have a material adverse effect upon our financial position or results of operations; and our beliefs and expectations regarding
future demand for our products and services, and other events and conditions that may influence the oilfield services market and
our performance in the future. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

The words  may, 
 will,   expect,   believe,   anticipate,   project,   estimate, 
 focus,   plan,  and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by our management in light of its experience and its perception of historical
trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors it believes to be appropriate. These statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of RPC
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Risk factors that could cause such future events not to occur as expected include those described in the Company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, its other SEC filings and the following: the declines in the price of
oil and natural gas, which tend to result in a decrease in drilling activity and therefore a decline in the demand for our services,
the actions of the OPEC cartel, the ultimate impact of current and potential political unrest and armed conflict in the oil producing
regions of the world, which could impact drilling activity, adverse weather conditions in oil or gas producing regions, including
the Gulf of Mexico, competition in the oil and gas industry, the Company s ability to implement price increases, the potential
impact of possible future regulations on hydraulic fracturing on our business, risks of international operations ,
and reliance on large customers . 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is subject to interest rate
risk exposure through borrowings on its credit facility. As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding interest-bearing advances
on our credit facility which bear interest at a floating rate. 

Additionally, the Company is exposed to
market risk resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates. However, since the majority of the Company s transactions occur
in U.S. currency, this risk is not expected to have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to its management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of the end of the period covered by
this report, September 30, 2016 (the  Evaluation Date ), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable
assurance level as of the Evaluation Date. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting    Management s evaluation of changes in internal control did not identify any changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

RPC is involved in
litigation from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. RPC does not believe that the outcome of such litigation will
have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of RPC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

See risk factors described
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Shares repurchased by the Company and affiliated
purchases in the third quarter of 2016 are outlined below. 

(1)  
      The Company has a stock buyback program initially adopted in 1998 and subsequently amended in 2013 that authorizes the repurchase of up to 31,578,125 shares. There were no shares repurchased as part of this program during the third quarter of 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there are 2,050,154 shares available to be repurchased under the current authorization. Currently the program does not have a predetermined expiration date.   

(2)  
      Represents shares repurchased by the Company in connection with taxes related to vesting of restricted shares.   

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

The information required by Section 1503(a)
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1
to this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description    

3.1(a)  
       
      Restated certificate of incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999).   
 
      3.1(b)  
       
      Certificate of amendment of the certificate of incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2006).   
 
      3.1(c)  
       
      Certificate of amendment of the certificate of incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2011).   
 
      3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2014).    
 
      4  
       
      Form of Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998).   
 
      10.1  
       
      Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2016 between RPC, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and certain other lenders parties party thereto, and the subsidiary loan parties party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2016).   
 
      31.1  
       
      Section 302 certification for Chief Executive Officer.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Section 302 certification for Chief Financial Officer.   
 
      32.1  
       
      Section 906 certifications for Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.   
 
      95.1  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures.   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

RPC, INC.   

/s/ Richard A. Hubbell 

Date: October 31, 2016  
      Richard A. Hubbell  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Ben M. Palmer 

Date: October 31, 2016  
      Ben M. Palmer  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600670_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Richard A. Hubbell, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of RPC, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Richard A. Hubbell  
 
      Date: October 31, 2016  
      Richard A. Hubbell   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600670_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Ben M. Palmer, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of RPC, Inc;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Ben M. Palmer  
 
      Date: October 31, 2016  
      Ben M. Palmer   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600670_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

To the best of their knowledge the undersigned hereby certify
that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RPC, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. Sec. 78m) and that the information contained in the Quarterly
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of RPC, Inc. 

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ Richard A. Hubbell  

Richard A. Hubbell   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ Ben M. Palmer  

Ben M. Palmer   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-95.1>
 5
 t1600670_ex95-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 95.1

Exhibit 95.1  

MINE SAFETY ACT DISCLOSURE  

No items to disclose in the third quarter of 2016. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 res-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 res-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 res-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 res-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 res-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 res-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

