<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1066194_0001558370-16-009816_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4520387</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178683</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>210609</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1429736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1479355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>851681</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009816.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009816
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EGAIN Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066194
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770466366
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35314
		FILM NUMBER:		161984250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1252 BORREGAS AVENUE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502307500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1252 BORREGAS AVENUE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EGAIN COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990709

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009816.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 egan-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

egan_Current Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                  to                

Commission File No. 001-35314 

eGAIN CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(408) 636-4500 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:    Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):    Yes       No     

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Table of Contents  

eGAIN CORPORATION 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

PART I.    

FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

2   

Item 1.    

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

2   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016   

2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6   

Item 2.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

20   

Item 3.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

32   

Item 4.    

Controls and Procedures   

32   

PART II.    

OTHER INFORMATION   

33   

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings   

33   

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

33   

Item 2.    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

48   

Item 5.    

Other Information   

48   

Item 6.    

Exhibits   

49   

Signatures   

50   

i 

Table of Contents  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATIO  N 

Item 1. Financial Statements    

eGAIN CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  S (Unaudited) 

(in thousands, except par value data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

2 

Table of Contents  

eGAIN CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION  S (Unaudited) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated     financial statements    

3 

Table of Contents  

eGAIN CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

4 

Table of Contents  

eGAIN CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

Table of Contents  

eGAIN CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S (Unaudited) 

1. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization and Nature of Business  

eGain Corporation ( eGain , the  Company ,  our ,  we  or  us ) is a leading provider of cloud-based and on-site customer engagement software solutions. For almost two decades, our solutions have helped improve customer experience, grow sales, and optimize service processes across the web, social, and phone channels. Hundreds of global enterprises rely on us to transform fragmented sales engagement and customer service operations into unified customer engagement hubs. We have operations in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, South Africa, and India.  

Basis of Presentation 

We prepared the condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and included the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Certain information and footnote disclosures, normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations although we believe that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. In our opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  

These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016 was derived from audited consolidated financial statements as of that date but does not include all the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The results of our operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full fiscal year ending June 30, 2017.  

Reclassification 

Certain reclassifications have been made to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to conform to the presentation of the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Business Combinations    

Business combinations are accounted for at fair value under the purchase method of accounting. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses and changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after the acquisition date affect income tax expense. The accounting for business combinations requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired business, and the allocation of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets, in determining the estimated fair value for assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements could result in a possible impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, or require acceleration of the amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Segment Information  

We operate in one segment, the development, license, implementation and support of our customer interaction software solutions. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision-makers in order to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance. Our chief operating decision-makers, under Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 280,   Segment Reporting  , are our executive management team. Our chief operating decision-makers review financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The Company operates in one operating segment and all required financial segment information can be found in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Information relating to our geographic areas for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):  

*Includes costs associated with corporate support. 

In addition, long-lived assets corresponding to our geographic areas are as follows (unaudited, in thousands): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, two customers accounted for 12% and 11% of total revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, two customers accounted for 15% and 11% of total revenue.  

Revenue Recognition  

We enter into arrangements to deliver multiple products or services (multiple-elements). We apply software revenue recognition rules and multiple-elements arrangement revenue guidance. Significant management judgments and estimates are made and used to determine the revenue recognized in any accounting period. Material differences may result in changes to the amount and timing of our revenue for any period if different conditions were to prevail. We present revenue, net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities.  

7 

Table of Contents  

We derive revenue from three sources:  

(i) 

Subscription and support fees primarily consist of cloud revenue from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services, term license revenue, and maintenance and support revenue;      

(ii) 

License fees primarily consist of perpetual software license revenue;      

(iii) 

Professional services primarily consist of consulting, implementation services and training.      

Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:  

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists:   Evidence of an arrangement consists of a written contract signed by both the customer and management prior to the end of the period. We use signed software license, services agreements and order forms as evidence of an arrangement for sales of software, cloud, maintenance and support. We use signed statement of work as evidence of arrangement for professional services.      

Delivery or performance has occurred  : Software is delivered to customers electronically or on a CD-ROM, and license files are delivered electronically. Delivery is considered to have occurred when we provide the customer access to the software along with login credentials.      

Fees are fixed or determinable:   We assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction. Arrangements where a significant portion of the fee is due beyond 90 days from delivery are generally not considered to be fixed or determinable.      

Collectibility is probable:   We assess collectibility based on a number of factors, including the customer s past payment history and its current creditworthiness. Payment terms generally range from 30 to 90 days from invoice date. If we determine that collection of a fee is not reasonably assured, we defer the revenue and   recognize it at the time collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash payment.        

We apply the provisions of ASC 985-605,   Software Revenue Recognition  , to all transactions involving the licensing of software products. In the event of a multiple element arrangement for a license transaction, we evaluate the transaction as if each element represents a separate unit of accounting taking into account all factors following the accounting standards. We apply ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition,   for cloud transactions to determine the accounting treatment for multiple elements. We also apply ASC 605-35 for fixed fee arrangements in which we use the percentage of completion method to recognize revenue when reliable estimates are available for the costs and efforts necessary to complete the implementation services. When such estimates are not available, the completed contract method is utilized. Under the completed contract method, revenue is recognized only when a contract is completed or substantially complete.  

When licenses are sold together with system implementation and consulting services, license fees are recognized upon shipment, provided that (i) payment of the license fees is not dependent upon the performance of the consulting and implementation services, (ii) the services are available from other vendors, (iii) the services qualify for separate accounting as we have sufficient experience in providing such services, have the ability to estimate cost of providing such services, and we have vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ), of fair value, and (iv) the services are not essential to the functionality of the software.  

We enter into arrangements with multiple-deliverables that generally include subscription, support, and professional services. We evaluate whether each of the elements in these arrangements represents a separate unit of accounting, as defined by ASC 605, using all applicable facts and circumstances, including whether (i) we sell or could readily sell the element unaccompanied by the other elements, (ii) the element has stand-alone value to the customer, and (iii) there is a general right of return. We use VSOE, of fair value for each of those units, when available. For revenue recognition with multiple-deliverable elements, in certain limited circumstances when VSOE of fair value does not exist, we apply the selling price hierarchy, which includes VSOE, third-party evidence of selling price ( TPE ), and best estimate of selling price ( BESP ). We determine the relative selling price for a deliverable based on VSOE, if available, or BESP, if VSOE is not available. We have determined that TPE is not a practical alternative due to differences in our service offerings compared to other parties and the availability of relevant third-party pricing information.  

8 

Table of Contents  

We determine BESP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, go-to-market strategy, historical standalone sales and contract prices. The determination of BESP is made through consultation with and approval by our management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes in relative selling prices, including both VSOE and BESP. 

Subscription and Support Revenue  

Cloud Revenue  

Cloud services revenue consists of fees from customers subscribing to our cloud-based service offerings. We recognize cloud services revenue ratably over the period of the applicable agreement as services are provided. Cloud agreements typically have an initial term of 12 to 36 months and automatically renew unless either party cancels the agreement. The majority of the cloud services customers purchase a combination of our cloud service and professional services. In some cases, the customer may also acquire a license for our software.  

We consider the applicability of ASC 985-605, on a contract-by-contract basis. In cloud services agreements, where the customer does not have the contractual right to take possession of the software, the revenue is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract. Invoiced amounts are recorded in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. We consider a software element to exist when we determine that the customer has the contractual right to take possession of our software at any time during the cloud term without significant penalty and can feasibly run the software on its own hardware or enter into another arrangement with a third party to host the software. Additionally, we have established VSOE for the cloud and maintenance and support elements of perpetual license sales, based on the prices charged when sold separately and substantive renewal terms. Accordingly, when a software element exists in a cloud services arrangement, license revenue for the perpetual software license element is determined using the residual method and is recognized upon delivery. Revenue for the cloud and maintenance and support elements is recognized ratably over the contractual time period. Professional services are recognized as described below under  Professional Services Revenue.  If VSOE of fair value cannot be established for the undelivered elements of an agreement, the entire amount of revenue from the arrangement is recognized ratably over the period that these elements are delivered.  

Term License Revenue  

Term license revenue includes arrangements where our customers receive license rights to use our software along with bundled maintenance and support services for the term of the contract. The majority of our contracts provide customers with the right to use one or more products up to a specific license volume. Certain of our license agreements specify that customers can exceed pre-determined base capacity levels, in which case additional fees are specified in the license agreement. Term license revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the license contract.  

Maintenance and Support Revenue  

Maintenance and support revenue consists of customers purchasing maintenance and support for our on-premise software. We use VSOE of fair value for maintenance and support to account for the arrangement using the residual method, regardless of any separate prices stated within the contract for each element. Maintenance and support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance contract, which is typically one year. Maintenance and support is renewable by the customer on an annual basis. Maintenance and support rates, including subsequent renewal rates, are typically established based upon a specified percentage of net license fees as set forth in the arrangement.  

License Revenue  

License revenue includes perpetual licenses sold to customers to use our software in conjunction with related maintenance and support services. If an acceptance period is required, revenue is recognized upon the earlier of customer acceptance or the expiration of the acceptance period. In software arrangements that include rights to multiple software products and/or services, we use the residual method under which revenue is allocated to the undelivered elements based   

9 

Table of Contents  

on VSOE of the fair value of such undelivered elements. The residual amount of revenue is allocated to the delivered elements and recognized as revenue, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met. Such undelivered elements in these arrangements typically consist of software maintenance and support, implementation and consulting services and in some cases, cloud services.  

We periodically sell to resellers. License sales to resellers as a percentage of total revenue were approximately 11% and 6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Revenue from sales to resellers is generally recognized upon delivery to the reseller but depends on the facts and circumstances of the transaction, such as our understanding of the reseller s plans to sell the software, if there are any return provisions, price protection or other allowances, the reseller s financial status and our experience with the particular reseller. Historically sales to resellers have not included any return provisions, price protections or other allowances.  

Professional Services Revenue  

Professional services revenue includes system implementation, consulting and training. For license transactions, the majority of our consulting and implementation services qualify for separate accounting. We use VSOE of fair value for the services to account for the arrangement using the residual method, regardless of any separate prices stated within the contract for each element. Our consulting and implementation service contracts are bid either on a fixed-fee basis or on a time-and-materials basis. Substantially all of our contracts are on a time-and-materials basis. For time-and-materials contracts, where the services are not essential to the functionality, we recognize revenue as services are performed. If the services are essential to functionality, then both the license revenue and the service revenue are recognized under the percentage of completion method. For a fixed-fee contract, we recognize revenue based upon the costs and efforts to complete the services in accordance with the percentage of completion method, provided we are able to estimate such cost and efforts.  

Under ASC 605-25, in order to account for deliverables in a multiple-deliverable arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have standalone value upon delivery. For cloud services, in determining whether professional services have standalone value, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription service start date and the contractual dependence of the subscription service on the customer s satisfaction with the professional services work.  

We determined at or around July 1, 2013 that we had established standalone value for consulting and implementation services under cloud contracts. This was primarily due to the change in our business focus, the growing number of partners we trained and certified to perform these deployment services and the consequential sale of subscription services without bundled implementation service. Revenues earned from professional services related to consulting and implementation of a majority of our core subscription services are being accounted for separately from revenues earned from subscription services beginning July 1, 2013 when the standalone value was established for those professional services.  

For those contracts that have standalone value, we recognized the services revenue when rendered for time and material contracts, when the milestones are achieved and accepted by the customer for fixed price contracts or by percentage of completion basis if there is no acceptance criteria.  

For cloud, consulting and implementation services that do not qualify for separate accounting, we recognize the services revenue ratably over the estimated life of the customer cloud relationship, once the cloud has gone live or is system ready. We currently estimate the life of the customer cloud relationship to be approximately 28 months, based on the average life of all cloud customer relationships.  

Training revenue that meets the criteria to be accounted for separately is recognized when training is provided. 

10 

Table of Contents  

Deferred Revenue  

Deferred revenue primarily consists of payments received in advance of revenue recognition from cloud, term license, and maintenance and support services and is recognized as the revenue recognition criteria are met. We generally invoice customers in annual or quarterly installments. The deferred revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable cloud or maintenance and support agreements. Deferred revenue is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing and new business linearity within the quarter.  

Deferred revenue that will be recognized during the succeeding twelve month period is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as noncurrent.  

Deferred Commissions  

Deferred commissions are the direct and incremental costs directly associated with cloud contracts with customers and consist of sales commissions to the Company s direct sales force.  

The commissions are deferred and amortized over the terms of the related customer contracts, which are typically 12 to 36 months. The commission payments are paid based on contract terms in the month following the quarter in which the commissions are earned. The deferred commission amounts are recognized under  Sales and marketing  expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations over the terms of the related customer contracts, in proportion to the recognition of the associated revenue.  

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

We extend unsecured credit to our customers on a regular basis. Our accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers and are not interest bearing. We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potential uncollectible trade receivables. We review our trade receivables by aging category to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectibility issues. We exercise judgment when determining the adequacy of these reserves as we evaluate historical bad debt trends, general economic conditions in the U.S. and internationally, and changes in customer financial conditions. If we made different judgments or utilized different estimates, material differences may result in additional reserves for trade receivables, which would be reflected by charges in general and administrative expenses for any period presented. We write off a receivable after all collection efforts have been exhausted and the amount is deemed uncollectible.  

Deferred Financing Costs 

Costs relating to obtaining the credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. Deferred financing costs and accumulated amortization as of September 30, 2016 were $820,000 and $338,000, respectively, and are included net of bank borrowings in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Deferred financing costs and accumulated amortization with Wells Fargo Bank as of June 30, 2016 were $820,000 and $294,000, respectively. Amortization of deferred financing costs recorded as interest expense was $44,000 and $10,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. When a loan is paid in full, any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to operations.  

Leases  

Lease agreements are evaluated to determine whether they are capital or operating leases in accordance with ASC 840,   Leases  . When any one of the four test criteria in ASC 840 is met, the lease then qualifies as a capital lease.  

Capital leases are capitalized at the lower of the net present value of the total amount payable under the leasing agreement (excluding finance charges) or the fair market value of the leased asset. Capital lease assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, over a period consistent with our normal depreciation policy for tangible fixed assets, but not   

11 

Table of Contents  

exceeding the lease term. Interest charges are expensed over the period of the lease in relation to the carrying value of the capital lease obligation.  

Rent expense for operating leases, which may include free rent or fixed escalation amounts in addition to minimum lease payments, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the duration of each lease term.  

Stock-Based Compensation  

We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation  . Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period. Determining the fair value of the stock-based awards at the grant date requires significant judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding Black-Scholes valuation model assumptions such as stock price volatility and expected option term.  

Below is a summary of stock-based compensation included in the costs and expenses (unaudited, in thousands):  

We utilized the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value of the stock-based compensation of options granted. All shares of our common stock issued pursuant to our stock option plans are only issued out of an authorized reserve of shares of common stock, which were previously registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on a registration statement on Form S-8.  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we granted options to purchase 40,000 and 150,150 shares of common stock with a weighted-average fair value of $1.26 and $2.15, per share, respectively, using the following assumptions:  

The dividend yield of zero is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends. We determined the appropriate measure of expected volatility by reviewing historic volatility in the share price of our common stock, as adjusted for certain events that management deemed to be non-recurring and non-indicative of future events. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the average U.S. Treasury Strips rate with maturities approximating the expected lives of the awards during the period, which approximate the rate in effect at the time of the grant.  

We base our estimate of expected life of a stock option on the historical exercise behavior, and cancellations of all past option grants made by the Company during the time period which its equity shares have been publicly traded, the contractual term of the option, the vesting period and the expected remaining term of the outstanding options.  

12 

Table of Contents  

Total compensation cost, net of forfeitures, of all options granted but not yet vested as of September 30, 2016 was $731,635, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.23 years. There were zero and 1,000 options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):     Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal 2019), and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the future impact of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   (ASU 2016-09), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 (our fiscal 2018), and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the future impact of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02   Leases,   which requires that we recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. This standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (our fiscal 2020), and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the future impact of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal 2019), including interim periods within that reporting period, with early application permitted for periods beginning after December 31, 2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers     (Topic 606) Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net  ), which clarifies how to apply the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations related to the sale of goods or services to a customer as updated by ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers    (  Topic 606  )    Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   which clarifies two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas, as updated by ASU 2014-09. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  , which makes narrow scope amendments to Topic 606 including implementation issues on collectability, non-cash consideration and completed contracts at transition. We are currently evaluating the effects the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued   ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  , which provides guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 (our fiscal 2018). We do not anticipate the adoption of this amendment to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Note 2. Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per common share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding. In periods where net income is reported, the weighted average number of shares outstanding is increased by warrants and options in the money to calculate diluted net income per common share.  

The following table represents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per common share (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data):  

Weighted-average shares of stock options to purchase 2,478,930 and 2,677,727 shares of common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per common share due to their anti-dilutive effect. Such securities could have a dilutive effect in future periods.  

Note 3. Bank Borrowings  

On November 21, 2014, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement provides for the extension of revolving loans ( Revolving Loans ) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $10.0 million, and a term loan ( Term Loan ) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $10.0 million, but in each case limited by an amount not to exceed 60% of our trailing twelve month recurring revenues from subscription and support fees attributable to software, as calculated under the Credit Agreement. The obligations under the Credit Agreement mature on November 21, 2019. 

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, in the case of LIBOR rate loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate, plus 4.75%.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement that are not LIBOR rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) the greatest of (A) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (B) the one month LIBOR rate plus 1.00% per annum, and (C) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as its  prime rate,  plus (ii) 3.75%. 

We will pay certain recurring fees with respect to the Credit Agreement, including servicing fees to the administrative agent. Prior to the first anniversary of the closing date of the Credit Agreement voluntary repayments of the Term Loan, voluntary permanent reductions of the commitment related to the Revolving Loans and certain mandatory prepayments are subject a prepayment premium of 1.0% of the amount prepaid or reduced. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the loans extended under the Credit Agreement are subject to customary mandatory prepayment provisions with respect to the following: net proceeds from certain asset sales; net proceeds from certain issuances or incurrences of debt (other than debt permitted to be incurred under the terms of the Credit Agreement); net proceeds of certain judgments, settlements and other claims or causes of action of us; and a portion with step-downs based upon the achievement of a financial covenant linked to the Leverage Ratio; as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement of our annual excess cash flow and our subsidiaries, and with such required prepayment amount to be reduced dollar-for-dollar by any voluntary prepayments of term loans.   

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, subject to limitations and exceptions, and customary covenants restricting our ability and our subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; incur liens; engage in mergers or other fundamental changes; consummate acquisitions; sell certain property or assets; change the nature of their business; prepay or amend certain indebtedness; pay dividends, other distributions or repurchase our equity interests or   

14 

Table of Contents  

our subsidiaries; make investments; or engage in certain transactions with affiliates. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial covenants which initially require us to achieve minimum EBITDA and liquidity levels. However, subject to the conditions of the Credit Agreement, once we have achieved a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 1.50 to 1.00 and a Leverage Ratio of less than 2.50 to 1.00, we will be required to comply with a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and a specific Leverage Ratio.  

The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including with respect to: nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; failure to perform or observe covenants; monetary judgment defaults; bankruptcy, insolvency and dissolution events; cross-default to other material indebtedness; material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty when made; failure to perfect a lien; actual or asserted invalidity or impairment of any definitive loan documentation or repudiation of guaranties; or a change of control.  

As a condition to entering into the Credit Agreement, we pledged substantially all assets such as accounts receivable and property and equipment as collateral for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank. 

On September 2, 2015, the Company entered into Amendment Number One (the  Amendment ) to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2014 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among us, the lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, as administrative agent. Pursuant to the Amendment, we increased the total maximum revolving loan commitments thereunder from $10.0 million to $15.0 million and increased the quarterly amortization payments of the term loan under the Credit Agreement to $187,500 for the quarters ending September 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015 and $250,000 in each quarter ending thereafter.    Borrowings under the Amendment bear interest, in the case of LIBOR rate loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate, plus 7.0%.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement that are not LIBOR rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as its  prime rate,  plus 6.0%.    In connection with the Amendment, certain fees were also modified such that prior to the first anniversary of the Amendment, voluntary repayments of the Term Loan, voluntary permanent reductions of the commitment related to the Revolving Loans and certain mandatory prepayments will be subject a prepayment premium of 1.0% of the amount prepaid or reduced.  The financial covenants concerning minimum EBITDA and liquidity levels contained in the Credit Agreement were modified in the Amendment as follows:  

1. We are   required to achieve minimum EBITDA of not more negative than $1.68 million for the three (3) month period ended September 30, 2015 and not more negative than $2.228 million for the six (6) month period ending December 31, 2015.  Thereafter, minimum EBITDA levels will be based on amounts agreed to by us and the requisite lenders based upon annual projections delivered to the agent, and the failure to reach an agreement on reset minimum EBITDA levels acceptable to the agent in its sole discretion shall constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement; and  

2. We are required to achieve minimum liquidity of at least $10.0 million for the month ending December 31, 2015 and at all times thereafter.  

As of September 30, 2016, we are in compliance with these financial covenant terms. Given the Company and Wells Fargo Bank are in discussions about the basis for determining minimum EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was no minimum EBITDA value applicable for the period. 

15 

Table of Contents  

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, balances on the Term Loan and Revolving Loans were (unaudited, in thousands): 

Note 4. Income Taxes  

Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740,   Income Tax  . Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  For the legacy eGain business in the United States, based upon the weight of available evidence, which includes our historical operating performance and the reported cumulative net losses in all prior years, we have provided a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets. For the legacy eGain business in the United Kingdom, the Company has determined based on the positive evidence it would be able to utilize the deferred tax assets and therefore released the valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets in the United Kingdom in fiscal year 2016.  The remaining eGain foreign operations as well as Exony s business have historically been profitable and we believe it is more likely than not that those assets will be realized. Our tax provision primarily relates to foreign operations and realized benefits of amortized book intangibles as well as state income taxes. Our income tax rate differs from the statutory tax rates primarily due to the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards which had previously been valued against as well as different tax rates in our foreign operations.   

The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions according to the provisions of ASC 740. ASC 740 contains a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. Tax positions are evaluated for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is probable that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation. Tax benefits are then measured as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. No material changes have occurred in the Company s tax positions taken as of June 30, 2016 and in the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

16 

Table of Contents  

Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies  

Leases  

We entered into a sublease agreement that commenced on August 8, 2015 and that expired on August 31, 2016. Rental income from the sublease was approximately $426,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016. The sublease tenant did not renew and in accordance with ASC 420 Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, we recorded a $305,000 lease exit liability and related rent expense on June 30, 2016 for an expected loss on the sublease for approximately 22,000 square feet of space as we will not receive sublease payments until another sublease tenant is found. The sublease is under our master lease agreement for our Sunnyvale facility. We classified all of the $305,000 lease exit liability in current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016. We expect the future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases to be offset with sub-lease income, once a tenant is secured. We are actively marketing this office space and have received offers to sublease the space. We will reevaluate the sublease exit liability in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 

Warranty  

We generally warrant that the program portion of our software will perform substantially in accordance with certain specifications for a period up to one year from the date of delivery. Our liability for a breach of this warranty is either a return of the license fee or providing a fix, patch, work-around or replacement of the software.  

We also provide standard warranties against and indemnification for the potential infringement of third party intellectual property rights to our customers relating to the use of our products, as well as indemnification agreements with certain officers and employees under which we may be required to indemnify such persons for liabilities arising out of their duties to us. The terms of such obligations vary. Generally, the maximum obligation is the amount permitted by law.  

Historically, costs related to these warranties have not been significant. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded for these costs as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. However, we cannot guarantee that a warranty reserve will not become necessary in the future.  

Indemnification  

We have also agreed to indemnify our directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person s service as a director or officer, including any action by us, arising out of that person s services as our director or officer or that person s services provided to any other company or enterprise at our request.  

Transfer pricing  

We have received transfer pricing assessments from tax authorities with regard to transfer pricing issues for certain fiscal years, which we have appealed with the appropriate authority. We believe that such assessments are without merit and would not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Litigation  

In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various legal proceedings and claims related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour, and other claims.  

We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, our agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Note 6. Fair Value Measurement  

ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures,   defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value of assets and liabilities, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the assets or liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Subsequent changes in fair value of these financial assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income when they occur. ASC 820 applies whenever other statements require or permit assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value.  

ASC 820 includes a fair value hierarchy, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that is intended to increase the consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources while unobservable inputs reflect a reporting entity s pricing based upon their own market assumptions. The fair value hierarchy consists of the following three levels:  

Level 1   instrument valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets.  

Level 2   instrument valuations are obtained from readily-available pricing sources for comparable instruments.  

Level 3   instrument valuations are obtained without observable market value and require a high level of judgment to determine the fair value.  

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, we did not have any material Level 1, 2, or 3 assets or liabilities.  

Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and debt. We do not have any derivative financial instruments. We believe the reported carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate fair value, based upon their short-term nature and comparable market information available at the respective condensed consolidated balance sheet dates. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for loans and capital leases with similar terms, the carrying value of the bank borrowings and capital lease obligations approximates fair value. 

Note 7. Share Repurchase Program  

On September 14, 2009, we announced that our board of directors approved a repurchase program under which we may purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. The duration of the repurchase program is open-ended. Under the program, we purchase shares of common stock from time to time through the open market and privately negotiated transactions at prices deemed appropriate by management. The repurchase is funded by cash on hand. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no shares repurchased. 

Note 8. Intangible assets 

18 

Table of Contents  

Intangible assets will be amortized over the estimated lives, as follows (in thousands): 

Amortization expense related to the above intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $579,000 and $695,000, respectively.     

Estimated future amortization expense remaining at September 30, 2016 for intangible assets acquired is as follows: 

Note 9. Subsequent Events 

None. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Item   2. Management s Discussion and Analysis   of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and with our audited financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016.  

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of the words such as  aims ,  anticipates,   believes,   continue,   could,   would,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   might,   plans,   potential,   should,  or  will  and similar expressions or the negative of those terms. The forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the effect of changes in macroeconomic factors beyond our control; our hybrid revenue model and its potential impact on our total revenue; our ability to predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates;our lengthy sales cycles and the difficulty in predicting timing of sales or delays; competition in the markets in which we do business and our failure to compete successfully therein; our expectations regarding the composition of our customers and the result of a loss of a significant customer; the adequacy of our capital resources and need for additional financing and the effect of failing to obtain adequate funding; the development and expansion of our strategic and third party distribution partnerships and relationships with systems integrators; our ability to effectively implement and improve our current products; our ability to innovate and respond to rapid technological change and competitive challenges; legal liability or the effect of negative publicity for the services provided to consumers via our technology platforms; legal and regulatory uncertainties and other risks related to protection of our intellectual property assets; our ability to anticipate our competitors; the operational integrity and maintenance of our systems; the effect of unauthorized access to a customer s data or our data or our IT systems; the uncertainty of demand for our products; the anticipated customer benefits from our products; the actual mix in new business between cloud and license transactions when compared with management s projections; the anticipated revenue to us from the Cisco Partnership; the ability to increase revenue as a result of the increased investment in sales and marketing; our ability to hire additional personnel and retain key personnel; our ability to expand and improve our sales performance and marketing activities; our ability to manage our expenditures and estimate future expenses, revenue, and operational requirements; our ability to manage our business plans, strategies and outlooks and any business-related forecasts or projections; the effect of changes to management judgments and estimates; the impact of any modification to our pricing practices in the future; risks from our substantial international operations; our inability to successfully detect weaknesses or errors in our internal controls; our ability to manage future growth; the trading price of our common stock; geographical and currency fluctuations; and our expectations with respect to revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and other financial metrics.  

Forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks discussed in  Risk Factors  Item 1A in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 which is incorporated herein by reference. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in statements relating to our future plans, product releases, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other assumptions underlying or relating to any of these statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Readers are directed to risks and uncertainties identified below, under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this report, for factors that may cause actual results to be different than those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.  

All references to  eGain , the  Company ,  our ,  we  or  us  mean eGain Corporation and its subsidiaries, except where it is clear from the context that such terms mean only this parent company and excludes subsidiaries.  

eGain and the eGain  are trademarks of eGain Corporation. We also refer to trademarks of other corporations and organizations in this report. 

20 

Table of Contents  

Overview  

eGain is a leading provider of cloud-based customer engagement software solutions. For over a decade, we have helped businesses that sell to consumers, or B2C enterprises, improve customer experience, grow sales, and reduce cost across the web, social, phone and store channels   using our best-in-class knowledge management, digital engagement and contact center analytics capabilities. Hundreds of global enterprises rely on us to transform fragmented sales engagement and customer service operations into unified customer engagement hubs. We have operations in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, South Africa and India.  

Unbilled Deferred Revenue  

Unbilled deferred revenue represents business that is contracted but not yet invoiced or collected and off balance-sheet and, accordingly, is not recorded in deferred revenue. As such, the deferred revenue balance on our condensed consolidated balance sheets does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. As of September 30, 2016, unbilled deferred revenue decreased to $26.8 million, from approximately $31.1 million as of June 30, 2016.   

Key Financial Measures 

We monitor the key financial performance measures set forth below as well as cash and cash equivalents and available debt capacity, which are discussed in  Liquidity and Capital Resources,  to help us evaluate trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and assess operational effectiveness and efficiencies. These key financial performance measures include certain non-GAAP metrics, including Adjusted EBITDA as defined below. The presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as net loss, adjusted for the impact of purchase accounting adjustments to deferred revenue related to acquisitions, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, interest expense, net, income tax provision (benefit), amortization of acquired intangibles, and severance and related charges.  

Management believes that it is useful to exclude certain non-cash charges and non-core operational charges from Adjusted EBITDA because (1) the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations and (2) such expenses can vary significantly between periods as a result of the timing of new stock-based awards and acquisitions. 

21 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents our key financial measures, including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for each of the periods indicated:  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discuss our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, our management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred tax valuation allowance and accrued liabilities, long-lived assets, stock-based compensation goodwill and intangible assets and contingencies. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

There have been no material changes to these estimates for the periods presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For a detailed explanation of the judgments made in these areas, refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on September 13, 2016.   

We have reassessed the critical accounting policies as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2016 and determined that there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies in the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Business Combinations 

Business combinations are accounted for at fair value under the purchase method of accounting. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses and changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after the acquisition date affect income tax expense. The accounting for business combinations requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired business, and the allocation of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets, in determining the estimated fair value for assets   

22 

Table of Contents  

acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements could result in a possible impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, or require acceleration of the amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets. 

Revenue Recognition  

We enter into arrangements to deliver multiple products or services (multiple-elements). We apply software revenue recognition rules and multiple-elements arrangement revenue guidance. Significant management judgments and estimates are made and used to determine the revenue recognized in any accounting period. Material differences may result in changes to the amount and timing of our revenue for any period if different conditions were to prevail. We present revenue, net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. We derive revenue from three sources:  

(i) 

Subscription and support fees primarily consist of cloud revenue from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services, term license revenue, and maintenance and support revenue;      

(ii) 

License fees primarily consist of perpetual software license revenue;      

(iii) 

Professional services primarily consist of consulting, implementation services and training.      

Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:  

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists:   Evidence of an arrangement consists of a written contract signed by both the customer and management prior to the end of the period. We use signed software license, services agreements and order forms as evidence of an arrangement for sales of software, cloud, maintenance and support. We use signed statement of work as evidence of arrangement for professional services.      

Delivery or performance has occurre  d: Software is delivered to customers electronically or on a CD-ROM, and license files are delivered electronically. Delivery is considered to have occurred when we provide the customer access to the software along with login credentials.      

Fees are fixed or determinable:   We assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction. Arrangements where a significant portion of the fee is due beyond 90 days from delivery are generally not considered to be fixed or determinable.      

Collectibility is probable:   We assess collectibility based on a number of factors, including the customer s past payment history and its current creditworthiness. Payment terms generally range from 30 to 90 days from invoice date. If we determine that collection of a fee is not reasonably assured, we defer the revenue and recognize it at the time collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash payment.     

We apply the provisions of ASC 985-605,   Software Revenue Recognition  , to all transactions involving the licensing of software products. In the event of a multiple element arrangement for a license transaction, we evaluate the transaction as if each element represents a separate unit of accounting taking into account all factors following the accounting standards. We apply ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition,   for cloud transactions to determine the accounting treatment for multiple elements. We also apply ASC 605-35 for fixed fee arrangements in which we use the percentage of completion method to recognize revenue when reliable estimates are available for the costs and efforts necessary to complete the implementation services. When such estimates are not available, the completed contract method is utilized. Under the completed contract method, revenue is recognized only when a contract is completed or substantially complete.  

23 

Table of Contents  

When licenses are sold together with system implementation and consulting services, license fees are recognized upon shipment, provided that (i) payment of the license fees is not dependent upon the performance of the consulting and implementation services, (ii) the services are available from other vendors, (iii) the services qualify for separate accounting as we have sufficient experience in providing such services, have the ability to estimate cost of providing such services, and we have vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, of fair value, and (iv) the services are not essential to the functionality of the software.  

We evaluate whether each of the elements in these arrangements represents a separate unit of accounting, as defined by ASC 605, using all applicable facts and circumstances, including whether (i) we sell or could readily sell the element unaccompanied by the other elements, (ii) the element has stand-alone value to the customer, and (iii) there is a general right of return. We use VSOE, of fair value for each of those units, when available. For revenue recognition with multiple-deliverable elements, in certain limited circumstances when VSOE of fair value does not exist, we apply the selling price hierarchy, which includes VSOE, third-party evidence of selling price, or TPE, and best estimate of selling price, or BESP. We determine the relative selling price for a deliverable based on VSOE, if available, or BESP, if VSOE is not available. We have determined that TPE is not a practical alternative due to differences in our service offerings compared to other parties and the availability of relevant third-party pricing information.  

We determine BESP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and volume of our transactions, customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, its go-to-market strategy, historical standalone sales and contract prices. The determination of BESP is made through consultation with and approval by our management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes in relative selling prices, including both VSOE and BESP.  

Subscription and Support Revenue  

Cloud Revenue  

Cloud services revenue consists of fees from customers subscribing to our cloud-based service offerings. We recognize cloud services revenue ratably over the period of the applicable agreement as services are provided. Cloud agreements typically have an initial term of 12 to 36 months and automatically renew unless either party cancels the agreement. The majority of the cloud services customers purchase a combination of our cloud service and professional services. In some cases, the customer may also acquire a license for our software.  

We consider the applicability of ASC 985-605, on a contract-by-contract basis. In cloud services agreements, where the customer does not have the contractual right to take possession of the software, the revenue is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract. Invoiced amounts are recorded in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. We consider a software element to exist when we determine that the customer has the contractual right to take possession of our software at any time during the cloud period without significant penalty and can feasibly run the software on its own hardware or enter into another arrangement with a third party to host the software. Additionally, we have established VSOE for the cloud and maintenance and support elements of perpetual license sales, based on the prices charged when sold separately and substantive renewal terms. Accordingly, when a software element exists in a cloud services arrangement, license revenue for the perpetual software license element is determined using the residual method and is recognized upon delivery. Revenue for the cloud and maintenance and support elements is recognized ratably over the contractual time period. Professional services are recognized as described below under  Professional Services Revenue.  If VSOE of fair value cannot be established for the undelivered elements of an agreement, the entire amount of revenue from the arrangement is recognized ratably over the period that these elements are delivered.  

Term License Revenue  

Term license revenue includes arrangements where our customers receive license rights to use our software along with bundled maintenance and support services for the term of the contract. The majority of our contracts provide   

24 

Table of Contents  

customers with the right to use one or more products up to a specific license volume. Certain of our license agreements specify that customers can exceed pre-determined base volume levels, in which case additional fees are specified in the license agreement. Term license revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the license contract.  

Maintenance and Support Revenue  

Maintenance and support revenue consists of customers purchasing maintenance and support for our on-premise software. We use VSOE of fair value for maintenance and support to account for the arrangement using the residual method, regardless of any separate prices stated within the contract for each element. Maintenance and support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance contract, which is typically one year. Maintenance and support is renewable by the customer on an annual basis. Maintenance and support rates, including subsequent renewal rates, are typically established based upon a specified percentage of net license fees as set forth in the arrangement.  

License Revenue  

License revenue includes perpetual licenses sold to customers to use our software in conjunction with related maintenance and support services. If an acceptance period is required, revenue is recognized upon the earlier of customer acceptance or the expiration of the acceptance period. In software arrangements that include rights to multiple software products and/or services, we use the residual method under which revenue is allocated to the undelivered elements based on VSOE of the fair value of such undelivered elements. The residual amount of revenue is allocated to the delivered elements and recognized as revenue, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met. Such undelivered elements in these arrangements typically consist of software maintenance and support, implementation and consulting services and in some cases, cloud services.  

We periodically sell to resellers. License sales to resellers as a percentage of total revenue were approximately 11% and 6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Revenue from sales to resellers is generally recognized upon delivery to the reseller but depends on the facts and circumstances of the transaction, such as our understanding of the reseller s plans to sell the software, if there are any return provisions, price protection or other allowances, the reseller s financial status and our experience with the particular reseller. Historically sales to resellers have not included any return provisions, price protections or other allowances.  

Professional Services Revenue  

Professional services revenue includes system implementation, consulting and training. For license transactions, the majority of our consulting and implementation services qualify for separate accounting. We use VSOE of fair value for the services to account for the arrangement using the residual method, regardless of any separate prices stated within the contract for each element. Our consulting and implementation service contracts are bid either on a fixed-fee basis or on a time-and-materials basis. Substantially all of our contracts are on a time-and-materials basis. For time-and-materials contracts, where the services are not essential to the functionality, we recognize revenue as services are performed. If the services are essential to functionality, then both the license revenue and the service revenue are recognized under the percentage of completion method. For a fixed-fee contract, we recognize revenue based upon the costs and efforts to complete the services in accordance with the percentage of completion method, provided we are able to estimate such cost and efforts.  

Under ASC 605-25, in order to account for deliverables in a multiple-deliverable arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have standalone value upon delivery. For cloud services, in determining whether professional services have standalone value, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription service start date and the contractual dependence of the subscription service on the customer s satisfaction with the professional services work.  

25 

Table of Contents  

We determined at or around July 1, 2013 that we had established standalone value for these implementation services under cloud contracts. This was primarily due to the change in our business focus, the growing number of partners we trained and certified to perform these deployment services and the consequential sale of subscription services without bundled implementation service. Revenues earned from professional services related to consulting and implementation of a majority of our core subscription services are being accounted for separately from revenues earned from subscription services beginning July 1, 2013 when the standalone value was established for those professional services.  

For those contracts that have standalone value, we recognized the services revenue when rendered for time and material contracts, when the milestones are achieved and accepted by the customer for fixed price contracts or by percentage of completion basis if there is no acceptance criteria.  

For cloud, consulting and implementation services that do not qualify for separate accounting, we recognize the services revenue ratably over the estimated life of the customer cloud relationship, once cloud has gone live or system ready. We currently estimate the life of the customer cloud relationship to be approximately 28 months, based on the average life of all cloud customer relationships.  

Training revenue that meets the criteria to be accounted for separately is recognized when training is provided.  

Deferred Revenue  

Deferred revenue primarily consists of payments received in advance of revenue recognition from cloud, term license, and maintenance and support services and is recognized as the revenue recognition criteria are met. We generally invoice customers in annual or quarterly installments. The deferred revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable cloud or maintenance and support agreements. Deferred revenue is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing and new business linearity within the quarter.  

Deferred revenue that will be recognized during the succeeding twelve month period is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as noncurrent. As of September 30, 2016, deferred revenue increased to $18.0 million, compared to $15.7 million as of June 30, 2016.   

Deferred Commissions  

Deferred commissions are the direct and incremental costs directly associated with cloud contracts with customers and consist of sales commissions to the Company s direct sales force.  

The commissions are deferred and amortized over the terms of the related customer contracts, which are typically one or two years. The commission payments are paid based on contract terms in the month following the quarter in which the commissions are earned. The deferred commission amounts are recognized as  Sales and marketing  expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations over the terms of the related customer contracts, in proportion to the recognition of the associated revenue.  

26 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth certain items reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations expressed as a percent of total revenue for the periods indicated:  

Revenue  

Total revenue decreased 11% to $14.7 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from the comparable year-ago quarter. The decrease is attributable to the shift from perpetual license business towards a cloud delivery model and lower professional services revenue due to a reduction in time and effort required for an average project. 

Subscription and support revenue, which is comprised of cloud, term license and software maintenance and support revenue increased to $10.9 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $10.8 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. 

License revenue decreased 32% to $1.7 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $2.4 million in the comparable year-ago quarter.  The decrease in license revenue was primarily due to the shift from perpetual license business towards a cloud delivery model. 

Professional services revenue decreased 30% to $2.2 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. The decrease in professional services revenue was primarily due to a reduction in time and effort required for an average project as a result of improvements in our product deployment process.  

27 

Table of Contents  

Revenue by Geographic Area 

Revenue from domestic sales decreased primarily due to lower license and support revenue associated with the shift towards a cloud delivery model. Revenue from international sales increased 9% to $7.5 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $6.9 million in the comparable year-ago quarter.   The impact of the foreign exchange fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar and the Euro and British Pound resulted in a net decrease of $1.2 million in total revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2016. To measure the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuation, we recalculate current period results using the comparable prior period exchange rate.  

Cost of Revenue  

Cost of revenue primarily consists of compensation and benefits for our personnel who provide customer service to our customers for consulting, software maintenance and support services and personnel who support our server and network infrastructure, fees for outside consultants and, to a lesser extent, occupancy costs and related overhead. Total cost of revenue decreased 22% to $5.1 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $6.5 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. The change was primarily due to decreases of (i) $891,000 in personnel and personnel-related expenses resulting from improvements to our product that has simplified the deployment process thereby reducing the effort previously required, and the business decision to shift these services over to our partners; (ii) $313,000 in the foreign exchange fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, British Pound and India Rupee; and (iii) $220,000 in outside consulting services; partially offset by an increase of $18,000 in cloud related expense such as hosted network and lease costs paid to remote co-location centers. Gross margin for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was 66% compared to 61% in the comparable year-ago quarter. 

Excluding any fluctuations of foreign exchange rates in European and Indian currencies against the U.S. Dollars and changes in severance and related charges, we anticipate cost of subscription and support to remain relatively constant in dollar terms in fiscal year 2017 and the gross margin to remain relatively constant as we continue to invest in our cloud infrastructure. We anticipate cost of license and the cost of professional services to remain relatively constant based upon our current business plan. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses 

Research and Development  

Research and development expense primarily consists of compensation and benefits for our engineering, product management and development, and quality assurance personnel, fees for outside consultants and, to a lesser extent, occupancy costs and related overhead. Total costs for research and development decreased 6% to $3.7 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $3.9 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. The change was primarily due to decreases of (i) $29,000 in personnel and personnel-related expenses; (ii) $74,000 in outside consulting services; and (iii) $133,000 from the foreign exchange fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, British Pound and India Rupee; partially offset by an increase of $11,000 in amortization of intangible assets. Total research and development revenue as a percentage of total revenue was 25% and 24% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Excluding any fluctuations of foreign exchange rates in European and Indian currencies against the U.S. Dollar and changes in severance and related charges, we anticipate research and development expense to be relatively constant in dollar terms in future quarters based upon our current business plan. 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expense primarily consist of compensation and benefits for our sales, marketing and business development personnel, lead generation activities, advertising, trade show and other promotional costs and, to a lesser extent, occupancy costs and related overhead. Sales and marketing expense decreased 21% to $5.2 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $6.7 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. The change was primarily due to decreases of (i) $881,000 in personnel and personnel-related expenses; (ii) $293,000 from the foreign exchange fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, British Pound and India Rupee; (iii) $163,000 in marketing program expenses; and (iv) $105,000 in amortization of intangible assets. Total sales and marketing expense as a percentage of total revenue was 36% and 40% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Excluding any fluctuations of foreign exchange rates in European and Indian currencies against the U.S. Dollar and changes in severance and related charges, we anticipate sales and marketing expense to increase moderately in dollar terms in future quarters based upon our current business plan. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expense primarily consist of compensation and benefits for our finance, human resources, administrative and legal personnel, fees for outside professional services, provision for doubtful accounts and, to a lesser extent, occupancy costs and related overhead. Total general and administrative expense decreased 10% to $2.0 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $2.2 million in the comparable year-ago quarter. The change was primarily due to decreases of (i) $426,000 in personnel and personnel-related expense; (ii) $86,000 from the foreign   

29 

Table of Contents  

exchange fluctuation between the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, British Pound and India Rupee; partially offset by increases of (i) $295,000 in bad debt expense; and (ii) $71,000 from outside consulting services. Total general and administrative expense as a percentage of total revenue was 14% and 14% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Excluding any fluctuations of foreign exchange rates in European and Indian currencies against the U.S. Dollar and changes in severance and related charges, we anticipate general and administrative expense to decrease in dollar terms in future quarters based upon our current business plan. 

Loss from Operations  

Loss from operations in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $1.3 million which included $579,000 of amortization of purchased intangible assets and $236,000 of stock-based compensation expenses, compared to loss from operations of $2.8 million which included $695,000 of amortization of purchased intangible assets and $513,000 of stock-based compensation expenses in the comparable year-ago quarter. We recorded a 9% negative operating margin in the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 17% negative operating margin in the comparable year-ago quarter.  

Interest Expense, Net  

Interest expense consists of interest on bank borrowings and capital leases. Interest expense, net was $422,000 and $333,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in interest expense primarily relates to interest paid on higher average bank borrowings and capital leasing agreements. 

Other Income, Net  

Other income, net was $108,000  and $240,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Other income, net primarily consists of exchange rate gain/loss on foreign currency transactions. 

Income Tax Provision 

We recorded an income tax provision of $832,000 and $334,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The income tax provision primarily relates to foreign and state income tax expense.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview  

As of September 30, 2016 our cash and cash equivalents was  $9.5 million compared to cash and cash equivalents of $11.8 million as of June 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, our deferred revenue was $18.0 million compared to $15.8 million on June 30, 2016.  Unbilled deferred revenue, representing business that is contracted but not yet invoiced or collected and off balance sheet, was $26.8 million as of September 30, 2016,  down from $31.1 million as of June 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, we reduced bank borrowings by $4.6 million to $16.9 million from $21.6 million as of June 30, 2016.  

30 

Table of Contents  

If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to achieve or sustain positive cash flows, maintain current operations, fund any potential expansion, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance products or services, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. Our expectations as to our future cash flows and our future cash balances are subject to a number of assumptions, including assumptions regarding anticipated increases in our revenue, the mix of new cloud and license business, our ability to retain existing customers and customer purchasing and payment patterns, many of which are beyond our control.  

Cash Flows  

Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash used in operating activities of $5.6 million in the comparable year-ago period. The increase in cash provided was primarily due to a  reduced net loss of $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of $3.2 million in the comparable year-ago period before adjusting for depreciation, amortization of deferred commissions, deferred financing costs, and intangible assets, stock-based compensation, and changes in working capital accounts. The decrease in accounts receivable due to improved cash collections and increase in deferred revenue led to the improvement in cash provided by operations. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $42,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $578,000 million during the comparable year-ago period. The net cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was related to the purchase of equipment. The net cash provided by investing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributed to a decrease of $647,000 in restricted cash.  

Net cash used in financing activities was $4.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $3.5 million during the comparable year-ago period. Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to $5.3 million in repayment of  borrowings from our bank facilities, and $88,000 payments on capital lease obligations, partially offset by new bank borrowings of $618,000. 

Commitments  

We entered into a sublease agreement that commenced on August 8, 2015 and that expired on August 31, 2016. Rental income from the sublease was approximately $426,000 for the year ended June 30, 2016. The sublease tenant did not renew and in accordance with ASC 420 Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, we recorded a $305,000 lease exit liability and related rent expense on June 30, 2016 for an expected loss on the sublease for approximately 22,000 square feet of space as we will not receive sublease payments until another sublease tenant is found. The sublease is under our master lease agreement for our Sunnyvale facility. We classified all of the $305,000 lease exit liability in current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016. We expect the future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases to be offset with sub-lease income, once a tenant is secured. We are actively marketing this office space and have received offers to sublease the space. We will reevaluate the sublease exit liability in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 

There was no other significant change to our contractual obligations since June 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 we had no significant off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K, other than operating leases and co-location agreement that were included in our commitment schedule as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. There was no significant change since June 30, 2016.   

31 

Table of Contents  

Item 3  . Quantitative and Qualitative   Disclosures about Market Risk  

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

We develop products in the United States, the United Kingdom, and India and sell these products internationally. Generally, sales are made in local currency. As a result, our financial results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. Identifiable assets denominated in foreign currency as of September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $9.9 million. We do not currently use derivative instruments to hedge against foreign exchange risk. As such we are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, principally from the exchange rate between the U.S Dollar and the Euro, British Pound and the India Rupee. We are a net receiver of foreign currencies and therefore benefit from a weakening of the U.S. Dollar and are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies. 

Interest Rate Risk      

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our capital to fund operations. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant risk. Our investment policy provides for investments in short term, low risk, investment grade debt instruments.   These investments are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase.  

Our cash and cash equivalents, totaling $9.5 million as of September 30, 2016, did not include any auction preferred stock, auction rate securities or mortgage backed investments. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure, and we do not have any foreign currency or other derivative financial instruments. To date, we have not experienced a loss of principal on any of our investments. Although we currently expect that our ability to access or liquidate these investments as needed to support our business activities will continue, we cannot ensure that this will not change. We believe that, if market interest rates were to change immediately and uniformly by 10% from levels as of September 30, 2016, the impact on the fair value of these securities or our cash flows or income would not be material. 

Item   4. Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.   We maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  

Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  

Changes in internal controls.   There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

32 

Table of Contents  

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Pro  ceedings 

In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various legal proceedings and claims related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour, and other claims.  

Item 1  A. Risk Factors       

The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  

Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have no comparative advantage in forecasting. These include:  

general economic and business conditions;      

currency exchange rate fluctuations;      

the overall demand for enterprise software and services;      

customer acceptance of cloud-based solutions;            

governmental budgetary constraints or shifts in government spending priorities; and      

general political developments.     

The global economic climate continues to influence our business. This includes items such as, a general tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, and extreme volatility in credit, equity and fixed income markets. These macroeconomic developments negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our business, operating results or financial condition which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. A general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce their technology budgets or be unable to fund software or services purchases, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services.  

Our hybrid revenue model may affect our operating results.  

We have a hybrid delivery model meaning that we offer our solutions on a subscription or perpetual license basis to our customers. For perpetual license transactions, the license revenue amount is generally recognized in the quarter delivery   and acceptance of our software takes place. For subscription transactions, the revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is typically 12 to 36 months. As a result, our total revenue may increase or decrease in future quarters as a result of the timing and mix of license and subscriptions transactions. This variability in our revenue recognition may be exacerbated as more customers select our subscription solution over our perpetual licensed solution, causing us to increase the amount of revenue recognized ratably over the life of the contract and resulting in a decrease in our total revenue in the short-term.  

Our revenue and operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, and because we recognize revenue from subscriptions over a period of time, downturns in revenue may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.    

33 

Table of Contents  

Because we recognize recurring revenue and maintenance revenue ratably over the terms of the related subscription agreements and maintenance support agreements, most of our revenue each quarter results from recognition of deferred revenue related to agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, declines in new or renewed subscription agreements and maintenance agreements that occur in one quarter will largely be felt in future quarters, both because we may be unable to generate sufficient new revenue to offset the decline and because we may be unable to adjust our operating costs and capital expenditures to align with the changes in revenue. In addition, our subscription model makes it more difficult for us to increase our revenue rapidly in any period, because revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. Furthermore, although our business model is primarily focused on recurring revenue, we anticipate continuing to recognize license revenue, particularly with international customers. License revenue is difficult to forecast and is likely to fluctuate due to many factors that are beyond our control including transition of license customers to recurring revenue models. Accordingly, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as definitive indicators of future performance.  

Other factors that may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate include:  

timing of customer budget cycles;     

the priority our customers place on our products compared to other business investments;     

size, timing and contract terms of new customer contracts, and unpredictable and often lengthy sales cycles;     

reduced renewals;     

competitive factors, including new product introductions, upgrades and discounted pricing or special payment terms offered by our competitors, as well as strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy;     

technical difficulties, errors or service interruptions in our solutions that may cause customer dissatisfaction with solutions;     

consolidation among our customers, which may alter their buying patterns, or business failures that may reduce demand for our solutions;     

operating expenses associated with expansion of our sales force or business, and our product development efforts;     

cost, timing and management efforts related to the introduction of new features to our solutions;     

our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights and adequately safeguard the information imported to our solutions or otherwise provided to us by our customers; and     

extraordinary expenses such as impairment charges, litigation or other payments related to settlement of dispute.     

Any of these developments may adversely affect our revenue, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. In such cases, we may be required to defer revenue recognition on sales to affected   customers. In the future, we may have to record additional reserves or write-offs, or defer revenue on sales transactions, which could negatively impact our financial results.  

If we are unable to increase the profitability of our recurring revenue products and services, if we experience significant customer attrition, or if we are required to defer recognition of revenue, our operating results could be adversely affected.  

34 

Table of Contents  

We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, substantial resources to expand, market, and implement and refine our recurring revenue products and services offerings. Our business model shift to recurring revenues, and our subscription services in particular, has generally generated much lower gross margins than our traditional perpetual license sales. If we are unable to increase the volume of our subscription business to offset the lower margins, we may not be able to achieve sustained profitability.  

In order to sustain or increase our recent operating profitability, we must improve gross margins in our recurring revenue product and services offerings. Factors that could harm our ability to improve our gross margins include:  

increased costs to license and maintain third party software embedded in our software applications or the cost to create or substitute such third party software if it can no longer be licensed on commercially reasonable terms;      

our inability to maintain or increase the prices customers pay for our products and services based on competitive pricing pressures and general economic conditions limiting customer demand;      

increased cost of third party services providers, including data centers for our cloud operations and professional services contractors performing implementation and technical support services to cloud customers;      

customer contractual requirements that delay revenue recognition until customer implementations commence production operations or customer-specific requirements are met;      

significant attrition as customers decide for their own economic or other reasons to not renew their subscription contracts when they are up for renewal could negatively impact the efficiency of our data centers and lead to the costs being spread over fewer customers negatively impacting gross margin; and     

the inability to implement, or delays in implementing, technology-based efficiencies and efforts to streamline and consolidate processes to reduce operating costs.     

We cannot accurately predict subscription renewal or upgrade rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results.  

Even though our subscription contracts are typically structured for auto-renewals, we do allow our customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions for our service after the expiration of their initial subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may choose to renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths, or renew for lower cost editions of our service. We cannot accurately predict renewal rates given our varied customer base of enterprise and small and medium size business customers and the number of multiyear subscription contracts. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our service, decreases in customers  spending levels, decreases in the number of users at our customers, pricing changes and deteriorating general economic conditions. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our service or reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer.  

Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our service to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and that our customers do not react negatively to any price changes related to these additional features and services. If our efforts to upsell to our customers are not successful and negative reaction occurs, our business may suffer.    

Our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that may limit our operational flexibility. Furthermore, if we default on our obligations under the credit agreement, our operations may be interrupted and our business and financial results could be adversely affected.    

In November 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ), under which Wells Fargo agreed to provide a term loan in the amount of $10.0 million ( Term ) and revolving loan to us in an amount not to exceed $10.0 million  ("Revolver"), Term and Revolver (collectively, the  Loans ). In September 2015, we increased the maximum borrowing amount of the Revolver to $15.0 million. The Loans contain a number of restrictive covenants, and its terms may restrict our current and future operations, including:  

35 

Table of Contents  

affecting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry conditions;     

affecting our ability to use our cash flows, or obtain additional financing, for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes;     

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and     

increasing our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions.     

In addition, if we fail to comply with the covenants or payment obligations specified in the Loans, we may trigger an event of default in which case and Wells Fargo would have the right to: (i) terminate its commitment to provide additional loans under the Loans, and (ii) declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, Wells Fargo would have the right to proceed against the Loans collateral, which consists of substantially all our assets. If the debt under the Loans were to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to sell sufficient collateral to repay this debt, which would have an immediate material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our lengthy sales cycles and the difficulty in predicting timing of sales or delays may impair our operating results.  

The long sales cycle for our products may cause license and subscription revenue and operating results to vary significantly from period to period. The sales cycle for our products can be six months or more and varies substantially from customer to customer. Because we sell complex and deeply integrated solutions, it can take many months of customer education to secure sales. Because our potential customers may evaluate our products before, if ever, executing definitive agreements, we may incur substantial expenses and spend significant management and legal effort in connection with the potential customer.  

Our multi-product offering and the increasingly complex needs of our customers contribute to a longer and unpredictable sales cycle. Consequently, we often face difficulty predicting the quarter in which expected sales will actually occur. This contributes to the uncertainty and fluctuations in our future operating results. In particular, the corporate decision-making and approval process of our customers and potential customers has become more complicated. This has caused our average sales cycle to further increase and, in some cases, has prevented the closure of sales that we believed were likely to close. In addition, historically our license sales have comprised a relatively small number of high value transactions; consequently, we may miss our revenue forecasts and may incur expenses that are not offset by corresponding revenue from the delay in even one transaction.  

We may need additional capital, and raising such additional capital may be difficult or impossible and will likely significantly dilute existing stockholders.  

We believe that existing capital resources will enable us to maintain current and planned operations for the next 12 months. However, our working capital requirements in the foreseeable future are subject to numerous risks and will depend on a variety of factors, in particular, whether we maintain or exceed the level of revenue achieved as of September 30, 2016 and that customers continue to pay on a timely basis. We may need to secure additional financing due to unforeseen or unanticipated market conditions. We may try to raise additional funds through public or private financings, strategic relationships, or other arrangements. Such financing may be difficult to obtain on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we succeed in raising additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, then the issuance could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these new securities would have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. The terms of these securities could impose restrictions on our operations.  

36 

Table of Contents  

Because we depend on a relatively small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, the loss of any of these customers or our failure to attract new significant customers could adversely impact our revenue and harm our business.  

We have in the past and expect in the future to derive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales to a relatively small number of customers. The composition of these customers has varied in the past, and we expect that it will continue to vary over time. The loss of any significant customer or a decline in business with any significant customer would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business benefits, the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operations.      

As part of our business strategy, we periodically make investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights, and we expect that we will continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. In August 2014, we acquired Exony Ltd. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks, including:  

the potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition;     

difficulties in and the cost of integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel;     

diversion of financial and managerial resources from existing operations;     

risks of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions;     

potential write-offs of acquired assets or investments, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers;     

potential loss of key employees;     

inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs;     

the inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business;     

the difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and maintaining the security standards consistent with our other services for such technology;     

potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses;     

unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology;     

negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue and unbilled deferred revenue;     

delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition;     

the need to implement controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company;     

challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences;     

in the case of foreign acquisitions, the challenges associated with integrating operations across different cultures and languages and any currency and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and     

the tax effects of any such acquisitions.     

In addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of repayment obligations related to the incurrence of indebtedness which could affect the market price of our common stock. Further, if we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments effectively, our business operations and prospects may be seriously harmed.    

37 

Table of Contents  

We must compete successfully in our market segment.  

The market for customer engagement software is intensely competitive. Other than product innovation and existing customer relationships, there are no substantial barriers to entry in this market, and established or new entities may enter this market in the future. While software internally developed by enterprises represents indirect competition, we also compete directly with packaged application software vendors, including Avaya, Inc., Genesys Telecommunications, LivePerson, Inc., and Moxie Software, Inc. In addition, we face actual or potential competition from larger software companies such as Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Salesforce.com, Inc. and similar companies that may attempt to sell customer engagement software to their installed base.  

We believe competition will continue to be fierce as current competitors increase the sophistication of their offerings and as new participants enter the market. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, broader brand recognition, and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources. With more established and better-financed competitors, these companies may be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and make more attractive offers to businesses to induce them to use their products or services.  

If we fail to expand and improve our sales performance and marketing activities, we may be unable to grow our business, negatively impacting our operating results and financial condition.  

Expansion and growth of our business is dependent on our ability to expand our sales force and on the ability of our sales force to increase sales. If we are not able to effectively develop and maintain awareness of our products in a cost-effective manner, we may not achieve widespread acceptance of our existing and future products. This may result in a failure to expand and attract new customers and enhance relationships with existing customers. This may impede our efforts to improve operations in other areas of the Company and may result in declines in the market price of our common stock.  

Due to the complexity of our customer engagement hub platform and related products and services, we must utilize highly trained sales personnel to educate prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of our products and services   as well as provide effective customer support. If we have turnover in our sales and marketing teams, we may not be able to successfully compete with those of our competitors.  

Our failure to develop and expand strategic and third party distribution channels would impede our revenue growth.  

Our success and future growth depends in part upon the skills, experience, performance and continued service of our distribution partners, including software and hardware vendors and resellers. We engage with distribution partners in a number of ways, including assisting us to identify prospective customers, to distribute our products in geographies where we do not have a physical presence and to distribute our products where they are considered complementary to other third party products distributed by the partner. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and expand strategic, long term and profitable partnerships and reseller relationships. If we are unable to do so, or if any existing or future distribution partners fail to successfully market, resell, implement or support our products for their customers, or if distribution partners represent multiple providers and devote greater resources to market, resell, implement and support competing products and services, our future revenue growth could be impeded. Our failure to develop and expand relationships with systems integrators could harm our business.  

We sometimes rely on system integrators to recommend our products to their customers and to install and support our products for their customers. We likewise depend on broad market acceptance by these system integrators of our product and service offerings. Our agreements generally do not prohibit competitive offerings and system integrators may develop market or recommend software applications that compete with our products. Moreover, if these firms fail to implement our products successfully for their customers, we may not have the resources to implement our products on the schedule required by their customers. To the extent we devote resources to these relationships and the partnerships do not proceed as anticipated or provide revenue or other results as anticipated, our business may be harmed. Once partnerships are forged, there can be no guarantee that such relationships will be renewed in the future or available on   

38 

Table of Contents  

acceptable terms. If we lose strategic third party relationships, fail to renew or develop new relationships, or fail to fully exploit revenue opportunities within such relationships, our results of operations and future growth may suffer.  

Our international operations involve various risks.  

We derived 51% and 42% of our revenue from international sales for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Including those discussed above, our international sales operations are subject to a number of specific risks, such as:  

general economic conditions in each country or region in which we do or plan to do business;      

foreign currency fluctuations and imposition of exchange controls;      

expenses associated with complying with differing technology standards and language translation issues;      

difficulty and costs in staffing and managing our international operations;      

difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;      

health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic;      

various trade restrictions and tax consequences;      

hostilities in various parts of the world; and      

reduced intellectual property protections in some countries.     

As of September 30, 2016,  approximately 43% of our workforce was employed in India. Of these employees, 33% are allocated to research and development. Although the movement of certain operations internationally was principally motivated by cost cutting, the continued management of these remote operations requires significant management attention and financial resources that could adversely affect our operating performance. In addition, with the significant increase in the numbers of foreign businesses that have established operations in India, the competition to attract and retain employees   there has increased significantly. As a result of the increased competition for skilled workers, we experienced increased compensation costs and expect these costs to increase in the future. Our reliance on our workforce in India makes us particularly susceptible to disruptions in the business environment in that region. In particular, sophisticated telecommunications links, high-speed data communications with other eGain offices and customers, and overall consistency and stability of our business infrastructure are vital to our day-to-day operations, and any impairment of such infrastructure will cause our financial condition and results to suffer. The maintenance of stable political relations between the United States, European Union and India are also of great importance to our operations.  

Any of these risks could have a significant impact on our product development, customer support, or professional services. To the extent the benefit of maintaining these operations abroad does not exceed the expense of establishing and maintaining such activities, our operating results and financial condition will suffer.  

Difficulties in implementing our products could harm our revenue and margins.  

We generally recognize license or subscription revenue from a customer sale when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the product or access to the product has been delivered, the arrangement does not involve significant customization of the software, the license or subscription fee is fixed or determinable and collection of the fee is probable. If an arrangement requires significant customization or implementation services from us, recognition of the associated license or subscription and service revenue could be delayed. The timing of the commencement and completion of these services is subject to factors that may be beyond our control, as this process may require access to the customer s facilities and coordination with the customer s personnel after delivery of the software. In addition,   

39 

Table of Contents  

customers could cancel or delay product implementations. Implementation typically involves working with sophisticated software, computing and communications systems. If we experience difficulties with implementation or do not meet project milestones in a timely manner, we could be obligated to devote more customer support, engineering and other resources to a particular project. Some customers may also require us to develop customized features or capabilities. If new or existing customers cancel or have difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of our professional services, support, or customized features, revenue recognition could be cancelled or further delayed and our costs could increase, causing increased variability in our operating results.  

Our reserves may be insufficient to cover receivables we are unable to collect.  

We assume a certain level of credit risk with our customers in order to do business. Conditions affecting any of our customers could cause them to become unable or unwilling to pay us in a timely manner, or at all, for products or services we have already provided them. In the past, we have experienced collection delays from certain customers, and we cannot predict whether we will continue to experience similar or more severe delays in the future. Although we have established reserves to cover losses due to delays or inability to pay, there can be no assurance that such reserves will be sufficient to cover our losses. If losses due to delays or inability to pay are greater than our reserves, it could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.  

We may be subject to legal liability and/or negative publicity for the services provided to consumers via our technology platforms.  

Our technology platforms enable representatives of our customers as well as individual service providers to communicate with consumers and other persons seeking information or advice on the Internet. The law relating to the liability of online platform providers such as us for the activities of users of their online platforms is often challenged in the U.S. and internationally. We may be unable to prevent users of our technology platforms from providing negligent, unlawful or inappropriate advice, information or content via our technology platforms, or from behaving in an unlawful manner, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for negligent, fraudulent, unlawful or inappropriate activities carried out by users of our technology platforms.  

Claims could be made against online services companies under both U.S. and foreign law such as fraud, defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated by users of our technology platforms. In addition, domestic and foreign legislation has been proposed that could prohibit or impose liability for the transmission over the Internet of certain types of information. Our defense of any of these actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources.  

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or DMCA, is intended, among other things, to reduce the liability of online service providers for listing or linking to third party web properties that include materials that infringe copyrights or rights of others. Additionally, portions of The Communications Decency Act, or CDA, are intended to provide statutory protections to online service providers who distribute third party content. A safe harbor for copyright infringement is also available under the DMCA to certain online service providers that provide specific services, if the providers take certain affirmative steps as set forth in the DMCA. Important questions regarding the safe harbor under the DMCA and the CDA have yet to be litigated, and we cannot guarantee that we will meet the safe harbor requirements of the DMCA or of the CDA. If we are not covered by a safe harbor, for any reason, we could be exposed to claims, which could be costly and time-consuming to defend.  

Unplanned system interruptions and capacity constraints and failure to effect efficient transmission of customer communications and data over the Internet could harm our business and reputation.  

Our customers have in the past experienced some interruptions with eGain cloud operations. We believe that these interruptions will continue to occur from time to time. These interruptions could be due to hardware and operating system failures. As a result, our business will suffer if we experience frequent or long system interruptions that result in the unavailability or reduced performance of our hosted operations or reduce our ability to provide remote management services. We expect to experience occasional temporary capacity constraints due to sharply increased traffic or other Internet-wide disruptions, which may cause unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, impaired quality,   

40 

Table of Contents  

and degradation in levels of customer service. If this were to continue to happen, our business and reputation could be seriously harmed.  

The growth in the use of the Internet has caused interruptions and delays in accessing the Internet and transmitting data over the Internet. Interruptions also occur due to systems burdens brought on by unsolicited bulk email or  Spam,  malicious service attacks and hacking into operating systems, viruses, worms and a  Trojan  horse, the proliferation of which is beyond our control and may seriously impact our and our customers  businesses.  

Because we provide cloud-based software, interruptions or delays in Internet transmissions will harm our customers  ability to receive and respond to online interactions. Therefore, our market depends on ongoing improvements being made to the entire Internet infrastructure to alleviate overloading and congestion.  

Our success largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware and network systems. A significant amount of our computer and communications systems are located in Sunnyvale, California. Due to our location, our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure and similar events. Customer data that we   store in third party data centers may also be vulnerable to damage or interruption from floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rate and our ability to attract new customers. 

We do maintain a business continuity plan for our customers in the event of an outage. We maintain other co-locations for the purposes of disaster recovery as well as maintaining backups of our customer s information. We provide premium disaster recovery and standard disaster recovery to our customers.  If a customer opts not to pay for premium disaster recovery, we will only assure that their data is available within 72 hours. This delay could cause severe disruptions to our customers  customers and may result in customer termination of our solutions.  Our premium disaster recovery service provides for an alternative data center and a return to operations within one business day.   

We have entered into service agreements with some of our customers that require minimum performance standards, including standards regarding the availability and response time of our remote management services. If we fail to meet these standards, our customers could terminate their relationships with us, and we could be subject to contractual refunds and service credits to, and exposure to claims for losses by, customers. Any unplanned interruption of services may harm our ability to attract and retain customers.  

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer s data or our data or our IT systems, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.  

Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers  proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. These security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers  data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our IT systems. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers  data or our data or IT systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, our customers may authorize third party access to their customer data located in our cloud environment. Because we do not control the transmissions between customer authorized third parties, or the processing of such data by customer authorized third parties, we cannot ensure the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and lead to legal liability.  

41 

Table of Contents  

The terms we agree to in our Service Level Agreements or other contracts may result in increased costs or liabilities, which would in turn affect our results of operations.  

Our Service Level Agreements, or SLA, provides for service credits for system unavailability, and in some cases, indemnities for loss, damage or costs resulting from use of our system. If we were required to provide any of these in a material way, our results of operations would suffer.  

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.  

We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These may include claims, suits, and other proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, and commercial, labor and employment, and other matters.  

The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties claiming that we or our customers have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. In addition we have been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies and those of our customers may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Many of our agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.  

The outcome of any litigation, regardless of its merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices or pay monetary damages, or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.  

Any adverse determination related to intellectual property claims or other litigation could prevent us from offering our service to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. In addition, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, a resolution of a legal matter could materially affect our future results of operation or cash flows or both.  

We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret laws, contractual restrictions and patent rights to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights and if these rights are impaired, then our ability to generate revenue will be harmed.  

If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business might be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we have some U.S. patents and pending U.S. patent applications, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our service is available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.  

We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity   

42 

Table of Contents  

of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel.  

Our failure or inability to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on a timely basis would harm our business.  

Our products may infringe issued patents that may relate to our products because patent applications in the United States are not publicly disclosed until the patent is issued, applications may have been filed which relate to our software products. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. Intellectual property litigation is expensive, time consuming, and could divert management s attention away from running our business. This litigation could also require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or license agreements. These royalty or license agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, in the event of a successful claim of infringement.  

Software errors could be costly and time-consuming for us to correct, and could harm our reputation and impair our ability to sell our solutions.    

Our solutions are based on complex software that may contain errors, or "bugs," that could be costly to correct, harm our reputation and impair our ability to sell our solutions to new customers. Moreover, customers relying on our solution may be more sensitive to such errors, and potential security vulnerabilities and business interruptions for these applications. If we incur substantial costs to correct any errors of this nature, our operating margins could be adversely affected. Because our customers depend on our solutions for critical business functions, any service interruptions could result in lost or delayed market acceptance and lost sales, higher service-level credits and warranty costs, diversion of development resources and product liability suits.   

Our stock price has demonstrated volatility and continued market conditions may cause declines or fluctuations.  

The price at which our common stock trades has been and will likely continue to be highly volatile and show wide fluctuations due to factors such as the following:  

concerns related to liquidity of our stock;      

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, our ability to meet announced or anticipated profitability goals and changes in or failure to meet securities analysts  expectations;      

announcements of technological innovations and/or the introduction of new services by us or our competitors;      

developments with respect to intellectual property rights and litigation, regulatory scrutiny and new legislation;      

conditions and trends in the Internet and other technology industries; and      

general market and economic conditions.     

Furthermore, the stock market has recently and in the past experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the common stock of technology companies, regardless of the specific operating performance of the affected company. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.  

Our insiders who are significant stockholders may control the election of our board and may have interests that conflict with those of other stockholders.  

Our directors and executive officers, together with their affiliates and members of their immediate families, beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 39% of our outstanding capital stock as of September 29, 2016, of which our   

43 

Table of Contents  

Chief Executive Officer, Ashutosh Roy, beneficially owned approximately 32% as of such date. As a result of these concentrated holdings, Mr. Roy individually or together with this group has the ability to exercise significant control over most matters requiring our stockholders  approval, including the election and removal of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Our offshore product development, support and professional services may prove difficult to manage or may not allow us to realize our cost reduction goals, produce effective new solutions and provide professional services to drive growth.    

We use offshore resources to perform new product and services development and provide support and professional consulting efforts, which requires detailed technical and logistical coordination. We must ensure that our international resources and personnel are aware of and understand development specifications and customer support, as well as implementation and configuration requirements and that they can meet applicable timelines. If we are unable to maintain acceptable standards of quality in support, product development and professional services, our attempts to reduce costs and drive growth through new products and margin improvements in technical support and professional services may be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our results of operations. Outsourcing services to offshore providers may expose us to misappropriation of our intellectual property or that of our customers, or make it more difficult to defend intellectual property rights in our technology.    

If we are unable to hire and retain key personnel, our business and results of operations would be negatively affected.  

Our success will also depend in large part on the skills, experience and performance of our senior management, engineering, sales, marketing and other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our senior management or other key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer and co-founder, Ashutosh Roy, could harm our business. Additionally, an increase in attrition in the Indian workforce on which we rely for research and development would have significant negative effects on us and our results of operations. If we cannot hire and retain qualified personnel, our ability to expand our business would be impaired and our results of operations would suffer  .   

Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our solutions and adversely affect our business.  

Regulation related to the provision of services on the Internet is increasing, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new laws and regulations addressing data privacy and the collection, processing, storage and use of personal information. In some cases foreign data privacy laws and regulations, such as the European Union s Data Protection Directive, and the country-specific regulations that implement that directive, also govern the processing of personal information. Further, laws are increasingly aimed at the use of personal information for marketing purposes, such as the European Union s e-Privacy Directive, and the country-specific regulations that implement that directive. Such laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other   requirements could reduce demand for our solutions or restrict our ability to store and process data or, in some cases, impact our ability to offer our services and solutions in certain locations.  

In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy and other industry groups have established or may establish new self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on us. Our customers expect us to meet voluntary certification or other standards established by third parties, such as TRUSTe. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions to certain customers and could harm our business.  

The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our service and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance.  

44 

Table of Contents  

Furthermore, concerns regarding data privacy may cause our customers  customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our service effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could limit adoption of our subscription solution.  

The interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain, contradictory, and in flux. In October 2015, the European Court of Justice invalidated a safe harbor agreement between the United States and European Union member states which addressed how many U.S. companies handle personal information of their European customers. In October 2015, the Court of Justice of the European Union declared the Safe Harbor invalid. In February 2016, the European Commission announced an agreement with the U. S. Department of Commerce to replace the invalidated Safe Harbor agreement on transatlantic data flows with a new E.U.-U.S. "Privacy Shield." Nevertheless, legal uncertainty remains concerning E.U.-to-U.S. data transfers. The Privacy Shield will not be effective until it is approved by the E.U.'s 28 member states. Laws governing data privacy and security are constantly evolving. In addition, it is possible that laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. If so, this could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these privacy regulations may differ from country to country, and may vary based on whether testing is performed in the United States or in the local country. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. We can provide no assurance that we are or will remain in compliance with diverse privacy and security requirements in all of the jurisdictions in which we do business. Failure to comply with privacy and security requirements could result in civil or criminal penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Industry-specific regulation is evolving and unfavorable industry-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions could harm our business  .      

Our customers and potential customers do business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector, healthcare and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit customers  use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our service where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards, may have an adverse impact on our business. If in the future we are unable to achieve or maintain these industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers, it may harm our business.  

In some cases, industry-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions may also apply directly to us as a service provider. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.  

We may need to license third-party technologies and may be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms.  

To the extent we need to license third-party technologies, we may be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we may fail to successfully integrate any licensed technology into our products or services. Third-party licenses may expose us to increased risks, including risks associated with the integration of new technology, the diversion of resources from the development of our own proprietary technology, and our inability to generate revenue from new technology sufficient to offset associated acquisition and maintenance costs. Our inability to obtain and successfully integrate any of these licenses could delay product and service development until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed and integrated. This in turn would harm our business and operating results.  

45 

Table of Contents  

Changes to current accounting policies could have a significant effect on our reported financial results or the way in which we conduct our business.  

Generally accepted accounting principles and the related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations for some of our significant accounting policies are highly complex and require subjective judgments and assumptions. Some of our more significant accounting policies that could be affected by changes in the accounting rules and the related implementation guidelines and interpretations include:  

recognition of revenue;      

contingencies and litigation; and      

accounting for income taxes.     

Changes in these or other rules, or scrutiny of our current accounting practices, or a determination that our judgments or assumptions in the application of these accounting principles were incorrect, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported operating results or the way in which we conduct our business.  

We depend on broad market acceptance of our applications and of our business model.  

We depend on the widespread acceptance and use of our applications as an effective solution for businesses seeking to manage high volumes of customer interactions across multiple channels, including Web, phone, email, print and in-person. While we believe the potential to be very large, we cannot accurately estimate the size or growth rate of the potential market for such product and service offerings generally, and we do not know whether our products and services in particular will achieve broad market acceptance. The market for customer engagement software is rapidly evolving, and concerns over the security and reliability of online transactions, the privacy of users and quality of service or other issues may inhibit the growth of the Internet and commercial online services. If the market for our applications fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, our business will be seriously harmed.  

Furthermore, our business model is premised on business assumptions that are still evolving. Our business model assumes that both customers and companies will increasingly elect to communicate via multiple channels, as well as demand integration of the online channels into the traditional telephone-based call center. Our business model also assumes that many companies recognize the benefits of a hosted delivery model and will seek to have their customer engagement software applications hosted by us. If any of these assumptions is incorrect or if customers and companies do not adopt digital technology in a timely manner, our business will be seriously harmed and our stock price will decline.  

We may be unable to respond to the rapid technological change and changing customer preferences in the online sales, marketing, customer service, and/or online consumer services industries and this may harm our business.  

If we are unable, for technological, legal, financial or other reasons, to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions in the online sales, marketing, customer service and/or e-commerce industry or our customers  or Internet users  requirements or preferences, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. Business on the Internet is characterized by rapid technological change. In addition, the market for online sales, marketing, customer service and expert advice solutions is relatively new. Sudden changes in customer and Internet user requirements and preferences, frequent new product and service introductions embodying new technologies, such as broadband communications, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices such as but not limited to security standards could render our services and our proprietary technology and systems obsolete. The rapid evolution of these products and services will require that we continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our services. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to:  

enhance the features and performance of our services;      

develop and offer new services that are valuable to companies doing business online as well as Internet users; and      

46 

Table of Contents  

respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner.     

If any of our new services, including upgrades to our current services, do not meet our customers  or Internet users  expectations, our business may be harmed. Updating our technology may require significant additional capital expenditures and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

If new services require us to grow rapidly, this could place a significant strain on our managerial, operational, technical and financial resources. In order to manage our growth, we could be required to implement new or upgraded operating and financial systems, procedures and controls. Our failure to expand our operations in an efficient manner could cause our expenses to grow, our revenue to decline or grow more slowly than expected and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition  

We may engage in future acquisitions or investments that could dilute our existing stockholders, cause us to incur significant expenses or harm our business.  

We may review acquisition or investment prospects that we believe may complement our current business or enhance our technological capabilities. Integrating any newly acquired businesses or their technologies or products may be expensive and time-consuming, and may not result in benefits to our business. To finance any acquisitions, it may be necessary for us to raise additional funds through public or private financings. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all, and, in the case of equity financings, may result in dilution to our existing stockholders. We may not be able to operate acquired businesses profitably. If we are unable to integrate newly acquired entities or technologies effectively, our operating results could suffer. Future acquisitions by us could also result in large and immediate write-offs, incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, or amortization of expenses related to goodwill and other intangibles, any of which could harm our operating results. 

We may not be able to realize the benefits of offering the limited  Try   Buy  free version of our service 

We offer a limited version of our subscription service to customers or potential customers free of charge (known as  Try   Buy ) in order to promote usage, brand and product awareness, and adoption, and we invest time and resources for such initial engagements without compensation from the customers. Some customers never enter into a definitive contract for our paid subscription service despite the time and effort we may have expended on such Try   Buy initiatives.  To the extent that these customers do not become paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of this marketing effort, and our ability to grow our business and revenue may be harmed. 

The uncertainty surrounding the implementation and effect of Brexit may cause increased economic volatility, affecting our operations and business 

On June 23, 2016, voters in the United Kingdom (U.K.) approved an advisory referendum to withdraw membership from the European Union (E.U.), which proposed exit (referred to as Brexit) could cause disruptions to, and create uncertainty surrounding, our business in the U.K. and E.U., including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees. As a result, Brexit could have an adverse effect on our future business, financial results and operations. The referendum is non-binding but if passed into law, negotiations would commence to determine the future terms of the U.K. s relationship with the E.U., and there can be no assurance regarding the terms, timing or consummation of any such arrangements. The effects of Brexit   will depend on any agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to E.U. markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate. Further, uncertainty around these and related issues could lead to adverse effects on   the economy of the U.K. and the other economies in which we operate. There can be no assurance that any or all of these events will not have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations and financial condition. 

47 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceed  s   

On September 14, 2009, we announced that our board of directors has approved a stock repurchase program under which we may purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. The duration of the repurchase program is open-ended. Under the program, we can purchase shares of common stock from time to time through the open market and privately negotiated transactions at prices deemed appropriate by our management. Repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, repurchases under our stock repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which could impact our ability to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions and could result in lower overall returns on our cash balances. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness.  

There were no repurchased shares of stock in the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

Item 5. Other Information      

The Board of Directors of eGain (the  Board ) approved variable payouts for certain of its executive officers in accordance with the Company s executive compensation strategy. The variable payouts (at 70% of target for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016), were determined to be as follows:   

For Eric Smit, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, a variable payout for fiscal 2016 of $35,000 was approved.  

For Promod Narang, the Company s Senior Vice President of Products, a variable payout for fiscal 2016 of $35,000 was approved. 

48 

Table of Contents  

Item   6. Exhibits    

(1) 

The material contained in this exhibit is not deemed  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.      

49 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Dated: November 9, 2016  

eGAIN CORPORATION  

By  

/s/ Eric N. Smit  

Eric N. Smit  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

50 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

(1) 

The material contained in this exhibit is not deemed  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.      

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 egan-20160930ex311cf4983.htm
 EX-31.1

egan_Ex31-1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ashutosh Roy, certify that:  

1) 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of eGain Corporation;      

2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Ashutosh Roy   

Ashutosh Roy   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 egan-20160930ex312961205.htm
 EX-31.2

egan_Ex31-2

Exhibit 31.2  

I, Eric Smit, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of eGain Corporation;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:   

/s/ Eric N. Smit  

Eric N. Smit  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 egan-20160930ex3211496d6.htm
 EX-32.1

egan_Ex32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER 18 U.S.C.   1350     

I, Ashutosh Roy, the chief executive officer of eGain Corporation (the  Company ), certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code that, to my knowledge,  

(i) 

the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September  30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and      

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C.   1350 has been provided to eGain Corporation and will be retained by eGain Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 egan-20160930ex322d6adcf.htm
 EX-32.2

egan_Ex32-2

Exhibit 32.2    

STATEMENT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER 18 U.S.C.   1350 

I, Eric Smit, the chief financial officer of eGain Corporation (the  Company ), certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code that, to my knowledge,  

(i) 

the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and      

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C.   1350 has been provided to eGain Corporation and will be retained by eGain Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 egan-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 egan-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 egan-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 egan-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 egan-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 egan-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

