<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1586105_0001558370-16-009712_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7268477</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233813</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>288594</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2281815</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2682572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1304660</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009712.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108171135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009712
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Egalet Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001586105
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				463575334
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36295
		FILM NUMBER:		161982013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 LEE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-833-4200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 LEE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009712.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 eglt-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

eglt_Current folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from              to 

Commission File Number 001-36295 

Egalet Corporation 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (610) 833-4200 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class  

Name of each exchange on which registered  

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share  

NASDAQ Global Market  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   None 

(Title of Class)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    No   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date. 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value                                 Shares outstanding as of November 8, 2016: 25,189,125 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

PART I- FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   

1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   

2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   

4 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

5 

Item 2.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

24 

Item 3.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

36 

Item 4.    

Controls and Procedures   

36 

PART II- OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings   

37 

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

37 

Item 2.    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

40 

Item 3    

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

40 

Item 4.    

Mine Safety Disclosures   

40 

Item 5.    

Other Information   

40 

Item 6.    

Exhibits   

41 

SIGNATURES    

42 

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to the  Company ,  we ,  us  and  our  refer to   Egalet Corporation   and its subsidiaries.   The Egalet logo is our trademark and Egalet is our registered trademark. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of their respective owners. We have assumed that the reader understands that all such terms are source-indicating. Accordingly, such terms, when first mentioned in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, appear with the trade name, trademark or service mark notice and then throughout the remainder of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q without the trade name, trademark or service mark notices for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a descriptive or generic sense. Unless otherwise indicated, all statistical information provided about our business in this report is as of September 30, 2016. 

i 

Table of Contents  

PART I   

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Egalet Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheet  s 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents  

Egalet Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations   (Unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

Egalet Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Los  s (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Egalet Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow  s (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Egalet Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Organization and Description of the Business 

Organization and Business Overview 

Egalet Corporation (the  Company ) is a fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company developing, manufacturing and commercializing innovative treatments for pain and other conditions. The Company   was founded around its proprietary Guardian  Technology that can be applied broadly across different classes of pharmaceutical products. Using this technology, the Company has two late-stage product candidates; ARYMO  ER, an abuse-deterrent ( AD ), extended-release ( ER ) oral morphine formulation, and Egalet-002, an AD, ER, oral oxycodone formulation, which is in a Phase 3 program (the Company s  lead product candidates ). Both lead product candidates are being developed for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. The Company s Guardian Technology also can be used to develop combination products that include multiple active pharmaceutical ingredients ( APIs ) with similar or different release profiles and offers the Company a number of long term growth opportunities. In January 2015, the Company acquired SPRIX      (ketorolac tromethamine) Nasal Spray and in-licensed OXAYDO      (oxycodone HCI, USP) tablets for oral use only  CII , both of which are approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) (the Company s  approved products ).    The Company has patents and filed patent applications to protect its inventions covering both the Guardian Technology and its products. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Accounting 

Basis of Presentation 

The unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with United States ( U.S. ) generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information. Certain information and footnotes normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The Company s consolidation policy requires the consolidation of entities where a controlling financial interest is held. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The accompanying consolidated financial information at September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 is unaudited. The interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the Company s consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the consolidated results of its operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. The financial data and other information disclosed in these notes related to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016, any other interim periods or any future year or period. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 11, 2016 with the SEC. 

The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Since the date of those financial statements, there have been no changes to the Company s significant accounting policies. 

Net Product Sales    

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition  , when the following criteria have been met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery   

5 

Table of Contents  

has occurred and risk of loss has passed; and the seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  The Company determines that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists based on written contracts that define the terms of the arrangements.  The Company determines when title to products and associated risk of loss has passed on to the customer pursuant to contract terms.  The Company assesses whether the price is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.  The Company assesses collectability based primarily on the customer s payment history and creditworthiness.  

The Company sells SPRIX Nasal Spray in the U.S. to a single specialty pharmaceutical distributor subject to rights of return. The Company has limited SPRIX Nasal Spray sales history under the current distribution model and pricing, and the Company has determined that at this time it cannot reliably estimate expected returns of the product at the time of shipment. Accordingly, the Company defers recognition of revenue on product shipments of SPRIX Nasal Spray until the right of return no longer exists, which occurs at the earlier of the time SPRIX Nasal Spray units are dispensed through patient prescriptions or expiration of the right of return. Units dispensed are generally not subject to return, except in the rare cases where the product malfunctions or the product is damaged in transit. The Company calculates patient prescriptions dispensed using an analysis of third-party information.  

The Company sells OXAYDO in the U.S. to several wholesalers, all subject to rights of return. The Company has limited OXAYDO sales history under the current distribution model and pricing, and has determined that at this time it cannot reliably estimate expected returns of the product at the time of shipment. Accordingly, the Company defers recognition of revenue on product shipments of OXAYDO until the right of return no longer exists, which occurs at the earlier of the time OXAYDO units are dispensed through patient prescriptions or expiration of the right of return. Units dispensed are generally not subject to return, except in the rare cases where the product malfunctions or the product is damaged in transit. The Company calculates patient prescriptions dispensed using an analysis of third-party information.  

Product Sales Allowances    

The Company recognizes product sales allowances as a reduction of product sales in the same period the related revenue is recognized. Product sales allowances are based on amounts owed or to be claimed on the related sales. These estimates take into consideration the terms of the Company s agreements with customers that may result in future reductions of revenue and discounts taken. In certain cases, such as patient assistance programs, the Company recognizes the cost of patient assistance programs as a reduction of revenue based on actual or estimated utilization. If actual future results vary from the estimates used, the Company may need to adjust these estimates, which could have an effect on product revenue in the period of adjustment. The Company s product sales allowances include:  

Specialty Pharmacy Fees  . The Company pays a fee to a certain specialty pharmaceutical distributor of SPRIX Nasal Spray based on a contractually determined rate. The Company accrues the fee on shipment to the respective distributor and recognizes the fee as a reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized.  

Wholesaler Fees  . The Company pays certain pharmaceutical wholesalers fees based on a contractually determined rate. The Company accrues the fees on shipment to the respective wholesalers and recognizes the fees as a reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized.  

Prompt Pay Discounts  . The Company offers cash discounts to its customers, generally 2% of the sales price, as an incentive for prompt payment. The Company accounts for cash discounts by reducing accounts receivable by the prompt pay discount amount and recognizes the discount as a reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized.  

Patient Assistance Programs  . The Company offers patient assistance programs for SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO to patients, in which patients receive a reduction to the co-pay on their prescriptions. The Company estimates the total amount that will be redeemed based on the quantity of product shipped and recognizes the amount as a reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized.  

6 

Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Improvements to     Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which provides for simplification of certain aspects of employee share-based payment accounting including income taxes, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017 and will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective transition approach depending on the area covered in this update. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on the financial statements, and has not yet determined what effect, if any, the impact of adoption will be. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases   (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on the financial statements, and has not yet determined what effect, if any, the impact of adoption will be.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on the financial statements, and has not yet determined what effect, if any, the impact of adoption will be.  

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.   ASU 2015-17 simplifies the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes and requires that all deferred taxes be presented as noncurrent. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.   The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  . ASU 2014-15 requires management of all entities to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued, and to make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning in 2016 and for interim reporting periods starting in the first quarter of 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on the financial statements, and has not yet determined what effect, if any, the impact of adoption will be.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 will supersede and replace nearly all existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods therein. The Company is evaluating ASU 2014-09 and has not yet determined what, if any, effect ASU 2014-09 will have on its results of operations or financial condition.  

7 

Table of Contents  

3. Investments 

Marketable Securities 

Marketable securities consisted of the following at December 31, 2015:  

Marketable securities consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of marketable securities as of September 30, 2016 with a maturity of less than one year is $41.6 million.  The fair value of marketable securities with a maturity of greater than one year is $13.0 million. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company held 10 marketable securities that were in a continuous loss position for less than one year.  The unrealized losses are the result of current economic and market conditions and the Company has determined that no other than temporary impairment exists at September 30, 2016. 

4. Inventory 

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market using actual cost net of reserve for excess and obsolete inventory. The following represents the components of inventory at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016:  

The deferred costs of sales will be recognized upon release of the product to patients. 

5. Intangible Assets 

The following represents the balance of the intangible assets at December 31, 2015: 

8 

Table of Contents  

The following represents the balance of the intangible assets at September 30, 2016: 

There was no impairment to intangible assets in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 or September 30, 2016. 

Collaboration and License Agreement with Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Acura ) 

In January 2015, the Company entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Acura to commercialize OXAYDO  (oxycodone hydrochloride) tablets containing Acura s  Aversion  Technology (the  OXAYDO License Agreement ). The Company paid Acura an upfront payment of $5.0 million in January 2015 and a $2.5 million milestone payment in October 2015 as a result of the first commercial sale of OXAYDO.  The Company also incurred transaction costs of $172,000 associated with the OXAYDO License Agreement.  Refer to Note 11   Acquisitions and License and Collaboration Agreements for additional details. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized amortization expense of $274,000 and $797,000, respectively, related to the OXAYDO product rights intangible asset.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,  the Company recognized amortization expense of $271,000 and $813,000, respectively, related to the OXAYDO product rights intangible asset. 

Purchase Agreement with Luitpold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Luitpold ) 

In January 2015, the Company entered into and consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement with Luitpold (the  SPRIX Purchase Agreement ).  Pursuant to the SPRIX Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired specified assets and liabilities associated with SPRIX (ketorolac tromethamine) Nasal Spray for a purchase price of $7.0 million. The Company recorded an intangible asset of $4.6 million related to this transaction.  Refer to Note 11   Acquisitions and License and Collaboration Agreements for additional details. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized amortization expense of $231,000 and $672,000, respectively, related to the SPRIX Nasal Spray product rights intangible asset.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized amortization expense of $231,000 and $693,000, respectively, related to the SPRIX Nasal Spray product rights intangible asset. 

In-Process Research and Development ( IP R D ) 

In connection with the acquisition of Egalet A/S, the Company recognized an IP R D asset related to the drug delivery platform specifically designed to help deter physical abuse of pain medications. The IP R D is considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset and is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the carrying value of IP R D was $166,000, and $171,000, respectively.  The change in value was entirely due to fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates.   

9 

Table of Contents  

6. Long-Term Debt 

Hercules Loan and Security Agreement 

In January 2015, the Company entered into the Loan and Security Agreement, which was subsequently amended in December 2015 (as amended, the  Loan Agreement ), with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. ( Hercules ) and certain other lenders, pursuant to which the Company borrowed $15.0 million under a term loan.  The term loan bears an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of either (i) 9.40% plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus 3.25% or (ii) 9.40%.  Under the Loan Agreement, the Company made interest only payments through July 1, 2016, with the potential for the interest only period to be extended to January 1, 2017, subject to the FDA s acceptance of the Company s new drug application for its product candidate ARYMO ER, the Company s receipt of at least $5.0 million of product revenue for any consecutive three month period prior to June 30, 2016 and there being no event of default under the Loan Agreement.  The Company did not receive at least $5.0 million of product revenue in a consecutive three month period prior to June 30, 2016, and as a result began repaying the principal balance on July 1, 2016.   In connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company granted a security interest in substantially all of its assets, excluding intellectual property and certain new drug applications and related approvals, as collateral for the obligations under the Loan Agreement. 

On August 31, 2016, the Company repaid all outstanding obligations under the Loan Agreement with the proceeds of the 13% Notes (as defined below).  As a result of the repayment, the Company recorded debt extinguishment costs of $800,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 which is classified as interest expense on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations.   

5.50% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2020 (the  5.50% Notes ) 

In April and May 2015, the Company issued through a private placement $61.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.50% Notes. Interest on the 5.50% Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2015. 

The 5.50% Notes are general, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the notes.  The 5.50% Notes rank equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities that are not so subordinated.  The 5.50% Notes are effectively subordinated to any of the Company s future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities incurred by the Company s subsidiaries, including trade payables.  

The Company may not redeem the 5.50% Notes prior to maturity. The 5.50% Notes are convertible prior to maturity, subject to certain conditions described below, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion rate of 67.2518 shares per $1,000 principal amount of the 5.50% Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $14.87 per share of common stock).  This conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events but will not be adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest.   The Company will satisfy the conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. 

Holders may convert all or any portion of their 5.50% Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 1, 2020 only under the following circumstances: 

on or after the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the 5.50% Notes, if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending within the five trading days immediately preceding a conversion date is greater than or equal to the conversion price for the 5.50% Notes on each applicable trading day;     

10 

Table of Contents  

during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period, (the  measurement period ), in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 5.50% Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or     

upon the occurrence of specified corporate events.     

On or after January 1, 2020 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their 5.50% Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at the option of the holder regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, and an interest make-whole payment in shares of the common stock, if applicable. If the Company satisfies the conversion obligation solely in cash or through payment and delivery, as the case may be, of a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, the amount of cash and shares of common stock, if any, due upon conversion will be based on a daily conversion value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day in a 50 trading day observation period. 

In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 5.50% Notes in connection with such a corporate event in certain circumstances.  Holders will not receive any additional cash payment or additional shares representing accrued and unpaid interest, if any, upon conversion of a note, except in limited circumstances. Instead, interest will be deemed to be paid in full, rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited from the consideration paid to the holders upon conversion of a 5.50% Note.    

On or after the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the 5.50% Notes, if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending within the five trading days immediately preceding a conversion date is greater than or equal to the conversion price for the 5.50% Notes on each applicable trading day, the Company will, in addition to the other consideration payable or deliverable in connection with such conversion, make an interest make-whole payment to the converting holder equal to the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of interest that would have been made on the 5.50% Notes to be converted had such notes remained outstanding from the conversion date through April 1, 2018, computed using a discount rate equal to 2%. The Company will pay any interest make-whole payment by delivering shares of the Company s common stock valued at 95% of the simple average of the daily volume weighted average price for the 10 trading days ending on and including the trading day immediately preceding the conversion date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the number of shares the Company may deliver in connection with a conversion of the 5.50% Notes, including those delivered in connection with an interest make-whole payment, will not exceed 77.3395 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 5.50% Notes, subject to adjustment.  The Company will not be required to make any cash payments in lieu of any fractional shares or have any further obligation to deliver any shares of common stock or pay any cash in excess of the threshold described above. In addition, if in connection with any conversion the conversion rate is adjusted, then such holder will not receive the interest make-whole payment with respect to such 5.50% Note. 

The Company accounts for convertible debt instruments by recording the liability and equity components of the convertible debt separately. The liability is computed based on the fair value of a similar debt instrument that does not include the conversion option. The liability component includes both the value of the embedded interest make-whole derivative and the carrying value of the 5.50% Notes.  The equity component is computed based on the total debt proceeds less the fair value of the liability component. The equity   component is also recorded as debt discount and amortized as interest expense over the expected term of the 5.50% Notes, using the effective interest method. 

The liability component of the 5.50% Notes on the date of issuance was computed as $41.6 million, including the value of the embedded interest make-whole derivative of $0.9 million and the carrying value of the 5.50% Notes of   

11 

Table of Contents  

$40.6 million. Accordingly, the equity component on the date of issuance was $19.4 million.  The discount on the 5.50% Notes is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 5.50% Notes, using the effective interest method.   

The conversion criteria for the 5.50% Notes have not been met at September 30, 2016.  Should the 5.50% Notes become convertible, management will determine whether the intent is to settle in cash which would result in the liability component of the convertible notes being classified as a current liability and the equity component being presented as redeemable equity if the liability is considered current. 

Transaction costs of $4.1 million related to the issuance of the 5.50% Notes are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to the allocation of the proceeds and accounted for as debt discount and equity issuance costs, respectively. Approximately $1.3 million of this amount was allocated to equity and the remaining $2.8 million was recorded as debt discount. 

The following table summarizes how the issuance of the 5.50% Notes is reflected in the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016: 

On September 28, 2016, in connection with the issuance of the 13% Notes, the Company and its subsidiaries entered into Supplemental Indentures with the trustee for the 5.50% Notes pursuant to which the Company s subsidiaries became guarantors under the indenture guaranteeing the 5.50% Notes. 

13% Senior Secured Notes (the  13% Notes ) 

On August 31, 2016, the Company completed the initial closing (the  Initial Closing ) of its offering (the  Offering ) of up to $80.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 13% senior secured notes (the  13% Notes ) and entered into an indenture (the  Indenture ) governing the Notes with the guarantors party thereto (the  Guarantors ) and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the  Trustee ) and collateral agent (the  Collateral Agent ). 

The Company issued $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes at the Initial Closing, and will issue an additional $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes if the Company obtains approval from the FDA of its product candidate ARYMO  ER on or before June 30, 2017, so long as no event of default under the Indenture has occurred and is continuing.  Net proceeds from the Initial Closing were $37.2 million, after deducting the estimated Offering expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Initial Closing. The Notes were sold only to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ).  

The Company has used and will use the net proceeds from the 13% Notes and the Royalty Rights (as defined below) to repay all outstanding obligations to Hercules under the Loan Agreement with Hercules, to support the approval and planned commercialization of ARYMO ER, to support the development of Egalet-002 and for general corporate purposes. 

Interest on the 13% Notes accrues at a rate of 13% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 20 and September 20 of each year (each, a  Payment Date ) commencing on March 20, 2017. On each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018, the Company will also pay an installment of principal of the Notes pursuant to a straight-line fixed amortization schedule. However, if approval of ARYMO ER is obtained from the FDA on or before June 30, 2017, in lieu of the straight-line fixed amortization schedule, on each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018, the Company will pay an installment of principal on the Notes in an amount equal to 15% (or 17% if certain sales targets are not met) of the aggregate net sales of OXAYDO, SPRIX Nasal Spray, ARYMO ER and Egalet-002 for the   

12 

Table of Contents  

two consecutive fiscal quarterly period most recently ended, less the amount of interest payable on the Notes on such Payment Date. 

The Notes are senior secured obligations of the Company and will be equal in right of payment to all existing and future pari passu indebtedness of the Company (including the Company s outstanding 5.50% convertible senior notes due 2020), will be senior in right of payment to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company, will have the benefit of a security interest in the Notes collateral and will be junior in lien priority in respect of any collateral that secures any first priority lien obligations incurred, which includes intellectual property ( IP ), from time to time in accordance with the Indenture. The stated maturity date of the 13% Notes is March 20, 2020, unless ARYMO ER is approved by the FDA on or before June 30, 2017, in which case the stated maturity date of the Notes will be September 30, 2033. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, subject to certain conditions, or certain Asset Sales events (each, as defined in the Indenture), holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101.00% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase.  

The Company may redeem the 13% Notes at its option, in whole or in part from time to time, prior to August 31, 2018, at a redemption price equal to 100.00% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, through the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium computed using a discount rate equal to the treasury rate in respect of such redemption date plus 100 basis points. The Company may redeem the 13% Notes at its option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after August 31, 2018 at a redemption price equal to: (i) from and including August 31, 2018 to and including August 30, 2019, 109.00% of the principal amount of the 13% Notes to be redeemed, (ii) from and including August 31, 2019 to and including August 30, 2020, 104.50% of the principal amount of the 13% Notes to be redeemed, and (iii) from and including August 31, 2020 and thereafter, 100.00% of the principal amount of the 13% Notes to be redeemed, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In addition, prior to August 31, 2018, the Company may redeem, at its option, up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes with the proceeds of one or more public or private equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 113.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption in accordance with the Indenture; provided that at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of 13% Notes issued under the Indenture remains outstanding immediately after each such redemption and provided further that each such redemption occurs within 90 days of the date of closing of each such equity offering.  No sinking fund is provided for the 13% Notes, which means that the Company is not required to periodically redeem or retire the 13% Notes. 

The obligations of the Company under the Indenture and the Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a secured basis by the Guarantors. Under the terms of the Indenture, the Company may designate entities within its corporate structure as unrestricted subsidiaries, which entities will therefore not be guarantors provided that certain conditions set forth in the Indenture are met. 

Pursuant to the Indenture, the Company and its restricted subsidiaries must also comply with certain affirmative covenants, such as furnishing financial statements to the holders of the Notes, and negative covenants, including limitations on the following: the incurrence of debt; the issuance of preferred and/or disqualified stock; the payment of dividends, the repurchase of shares and under certain conditions making certain other restricted payments; the prepayment, redemption or repurchase of subordinated debt; the merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving the Company; engaging in certain transactions with affiliates; and the making of investments other than those permitted by the Indenture.   

The Indenture governing the 13% Notes contains customary events of default with respect to the 13% Notes (including the Company s failure to make any payment of principal or interest on the 13% Notes when due and payable), and upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding 13% Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may (subject to the provisions of the Indenture) declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the 13% Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as well as the then-applicable optional redemption premium under the Indenture, will be due and payable   

13 

Table of Contents  

immediately. In the case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture), the 13% Notes will automatically become due and payable. 

In connection with the Offering on August 31, 2016, the Company entered into royalty rights agreements with each of the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company sold to such Purchasers the right to receive, in the aggregate, a payment equal to 1.5% of the aggregate net sales of OXAYDO and SPRIX Nasal Spray from the Initial Closing through December 31, 2019, inclusive (the  Royalty Rights ).  However, if approval of ARYMO ER is obtained from the FDA on or before June 30, 2017, the Royalty Rights will continue through December 31, 2020 and the Company will also enter into separate royalty rights agreements with each of the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company will sell to such Purchasers the right to receive 1.5% of the aggregate net sales of ARYMO ER payable from the date of first sale of ARYMO ER through December 31, 2020, inclusive.  The royalty rights agreements also include other terms and conditions customary in agreements of this type. 

The Company incurred fees and legal expenses of $2.8 million in connection with the issuance of the 13% Notes, which have been recorded as a discount on the debt in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized using the effective interest method. The Company calculated an effective interest rate of 17.7% upon origination of the 13% Notes based on its best estimate of future cash outflows.  

The Royalty Rights were determined to be a freestanding element with respect to the 13% Notes and the Company is accounting for the Royalty Rights obligation relating to future royalties as a debt instrument.  The Company has Royalty Rights obligations of $3.2 million as of September 30, 2016, which are classified as current and non-current debt in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The accounting for the 13% Notes requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions about the future net sales of OXAYDO and SPRIX Nasal Spray in the U.S. The estimates of the magnitude and timing of OXAYDO and SPRIX Nasal Spray net sales are subject to significant variability due to the recent product launch and the extended time period associated with the financing transaction, and are thus subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, these estimates and assumptions are likely to change as the Company gains experience marketing OXAYDO and SPRIX Nasal Spray, which may result in future adjustments to the portion of the debt that is classified as a current liability, the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount as well as the accretion of the interest expense. Any such adjustments could be material.  The fair value of the Royalty Rights associated with certain net product sales was estimated to be $3.2 million using a probability-weighted present value analysis. 

The following table summarizes how the issuance of the 13% Notes is reflected in the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016: 

Current and non-current debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 includes the carrying value of the 5.50% Notes and the 13% Notes, as well as $3.2 million for the Royalty Rights issued in connection with the debt.   

14 

Table of Contents  

7. Fair Value Measurements 

The Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  . ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance in ASC 820 outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. In determining fair value, the Company maximizes the use of quoted prices and observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the source of inputs as follows: 

Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     

Level 2 Valuations based on observable inputs and quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities.     

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and models that are significant to the overall fair value measurement.     

The following fair value hierarchy table presents information about each major category of the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis  : 

The 5.50% Notes include an interest make-whole feature whereby if a noteholder converts any of the 5.50% Notes prior to April 1, 2018, the Company will, in addition to the other consideration payable or deliverable in connection with such conversion, make an interest make-whole payment to the converting holder equal to the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of interest that would have been made on the notes to be converted had such notes remained outstanding from the conversion date through April 1, 2018, computed using a discount rate   

15 

Table of Contents  

equal to 2%. The Company has determined that this feature is an embedded derivative and have recognized the fair value of this derivative as a liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheet, with subsequent changes to fair value recorded through earnings at each reporting period on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as change in fair value of derivative liabilities.  The fair value of this embedded derivative was determined based on a binomial tree lattice model.  

The following tables set forth a summary of changes in the fair value of Level 3 liabilities for the September 30, 2016:     

As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the 5.50% Notes was estimated utilizing the binomial lattice tree model.  This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value measurement was based on several factors including: 

Credit spread at the valuation date     

Discount yield as of the valuation date     

The fair value and carrying value of the Company s 5.50% Notes at September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

The fair value of the Company s 13% Notes approximates its carrying value of $34.2 million as the interest rate is reflective of the interest rates on debt the Company could currently obtain with similar terms and conditions and thus represents a Level 2 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 

8. Net Loss Per Common Share 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the periods indicated: 

16 

Table of Contents  

The following outstanding securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted shares outstanding, as they would have been anti-dilutive: 

9. Stock-based Compensation 

2013 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plan 

In November 2013, the Company adopted its 2013 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended the  2013 Plan ).  Pursuant to the 2013 Plan, the compensation committee (the  Compensation Committee) of the Company s board of directors is authorized to grant equity-based incentive awards to the Company s board of directors, executive officers and other employees and service providers, including officers, employees and service providers of its subsidiaries and affiliates. The number of shares of the Company s common stock initially reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan was 1,680,000, in the form of restricted stock and stock options.  Share increases of 2,000,000 and 2,600,000 to the number of shares originally reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan were authorized by the Company s stockholders in June 2014 and June 2016, respectively.  The amount, terms of grants and exercisability provisions are determined by the Compensation Committee, and in certain circumstances pursuant to delegated authority, the Company s chief executive officer and the Company s chief financial officer. The term of the options may be up to 10 years, and options are exercisable in cash or as otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. All options vest over time as stipulated in the individual award agreements. 

Shares Available for Future Grant Under the 2013 Plan 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has reserved the following shares to be granted under the 2013 plan: 

Shares Reserved for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As of September 30, 2016 the Company has reserved the following shares of common stock for issuance: 

17 

Table of Contents  

The estimated grant-date fair value of the Company s share-based awards is amortized ratably over the awards  service periods. Stock-based compensation expense recognized was as follows: 

Stock Options Granted under the 2013 Stock-Based Incentive Plan 

The intrinsic value of the 2,141,072 options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was $1.3 million, based on a per share price of $7.61, the Company s closing stock price on that date, and a weighted-average exercise price of $8.89 per share.   

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options at the grant date. The Black-Scholes model requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimating the fair value of the Company s common stock, assumptions related to the expected price volatility of the Company s common stock, the period during which the options will be outstanding, the rate of return on risk-free investments and the expected dividend yield for the Company s common stock. 

18 

Table of Contents  

The per-share weighted-average grant date fair value of the options granted to employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was estimated at $4.15 per share on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

The weighted-average valuation assumptions were determined as follows: 

Risk-free interest rate: The Company based the risk-free interest rate on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected option term.     

Expected term of options: The Company estimated the expected life of its employee stock options using the  simplified  method, as prescribed in Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 107,    Share Based Payments   , whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option due to its lack of sufficient historical data.     

Expected stock price volatility: The Company estimated the expected volatility based on actual historical volatility of the stock price of similar companies with publicly-traded equity securities. The Company calculated the historical volatility of the selected companies by using daily closing prices over a period of the expected term of the associated award. The companies were selected based on their enterprise value, risk profiles, position within the industry and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected term of the associated award. A decrease in the expected volatility would have decreased the fair value of the underlying instrument.     

Expected annual dividend yield: The Company estimated the expected dividend yield based on consideration of its historical dividend experience and future dividend expectations. The Company has not historically declared or paid dividends to stockholders. Moreover, it does not intend to pay dividends in the future, but instead expects to retain any earnings to invest in the continued growth of the business. Accordingly, the Company assumed an expected dividend yield of 0.0%.     

As of September 30, 2016, there was $8.0 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, related to unvested options granted under the 2013 Plan, which will be recognized over the weighted-average remaining period of 2.74 years. 

Restricted Stock 

A summary of the status of the Company s restricted stock awards at September 30, 2016 and of changes in restricted stock awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

19 

Table of Contents  

For stock awards that vest subject to the satisfaction of service requirements, compensation expense is measured based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) over the requisite service period.  The majority of the restricted stock awards reflected above vest over time as stipulated in the individual award agreements. In the event of a change in control, the unvested awards will be accelerated and fully vested immediately prior to the change in control.  

As of September 30, 2016, there was $2.9 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, related to restricted stock under the 2013 Plan, which will be recognized over the weighted-average remaining period of 1.49 years. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

In January 2016, the Company established an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  Purchase Plan ). Under the Company s Purchase Plan, eligible employees can purchase the Company s common stock through accumulated payroll deductions at such times as are established by the administrator. The Purchase Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. Under the Purchase Plan, eligible employees may purchase the Company s common stock at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first day of an offering period or on the last day of the offering period. Eligible employees may contribute up to 10% of their eligible compensation. A participant may purchase a maximum of 1,500 shares of common stock per offering period. Under the Purchase Plan, a participant may not accrue rights to purchase more than $25,000 worth of the Company s common stock for each calendar year in which such right is outstanding. 

Effective January 1, 2016, employees who elected to participate in the Purchase Plan commenced payroll withholdings that accumulate during six month offering periods: 

At the end of each offering period, shares of the Company s common stock may be purchased at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first or last day of the respective offering period. In accordance with the guidance in ASC 718-50     Compensation   Stock Compensation  , the ability to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the lower of the price on the first day of the offering period or the last day of the offering period (i.e. the purchase date) represents an option and, therefore, the Purchase Plan is a compensatory plan under this guidance. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the option s grant-date fair value and is recognized over the requisite service period of the option. The Company has estimated the option s fair value to be $2.49 using the Black-Scholes valuation model and recognized stock-based compensation expense of $29,000 and $82,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal Proceedings 

As previously reported, in April 2015, Purdue Pharma L.P., Purdue Pharmaceuticals L.P. and The P.F. Laboratories, Inc. (collectively,  Purdue ) commenced a patent infringement lawsuit against the Company and the Company s OXAYDO product licensor, Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Acura ) in the U. S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Civ. No. 15-cv-00292 (D. Del.)) alleging the Company s OXAYDO product infringes Purdue s U.S. Patent No. 8,389,007 (the  007 Patent ).  In April 2016, Purdue commenced a second patent infringement lawsuit against the Company and Acura in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (Civ. No. 16-cv-00256-RGA (D. Del.)) alleging the Company s OXAYDO product infringes Purdue s newly issued U.S. Patent No. 9,308,171 (the  171 Patent ).  On April 6, 2016, Acura filed a petition for Inter Parties Review (IPR 2016-00849) with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) seeking to invalidate Purdue s 007 Patent (the  IPR Review ). 

20 

Table of Contents  

On May 20, 2016, Purdue, on behalf of themselves and certain affiliates, Acura, on behalf of itself and its affiliates and the Company, on behalf of the Company and its affiliates, entered into a settlement agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) to settle the Actions and the IPR Review. Under the Settlement Agreement the parties agreed to dismiss or withdraw the Actions, request that the USPTO terminate the IPR Review and exchange mutual releases.  On May 24, 2016, the Actions were dismissed and on July 6, 2016, the USPTO terminated IPR Review.  No payments of money were made under the Settlement Agreement. 

In addition, the Settlement Agreement provides that Purdue will not challenge, with certain exceptions, the Acura/Egalet Patents with respect to the Purdue Settlement Products (as defined below) and that Purdue provides Acura and/or Egalet certain waivers of non-patent marketing exclusivity with respect to Purdue Settlement Products.   Egalet Settlement Products , generally, are certain immediate-release products and extended-release products containing morphine, including OXAYDO and ARYMO ER. 

The Settlement Agreement also provides that Acura and Egalet will not, in the future, assert certain Acura and/or Egalet. patents (the  Acura/Egalet Patents ), including ARYMO ER patents, against any Purdue Settlement Products (except generally in an action or interference by Purdue challenging an Acura/Egalet Patent).  Purdue Settlement Products are certain immediate-release and selected extended-release products.  In addition, the Settlement Agreement provides that Acura and Egalet will not challenge, with certain exceptions, the Purdue Patents with respect to the Acura Settlement Products and Egalet Settlement Products and that Acura and Egalet provide Purdue certain waivers of non-patent marketing exclusivity with respect to the Acura Settlement Products and Egalet Settlement Products.  In addition, Purdue has certain rights to exclusively negotiate, under a specified time period, for potential distribution of an authorized generic version of certain Egalet Settlement Products, including, in some circumstances, OXAYDO and ARYMO ER, and other products using Acura s Aversion  Technology if licensed to Egalet. 

11. Acquisitions and License and Collaboration Agreements 

License and Collaboration Agreement with Shionogi 

In November 2013, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Shionogi (the  Shionogi Agreement ), granting Shionogi an exclusive, royalty-bearing, worldwide license to develop, manufacture and commercialize abuse-deterrent hydrocodone-based product candidates using certain of the Company s core technologies. The collaboration allowed Shionogi to develop and commercialize an abuse-deterrent single-agent hydrocodone-based product and up to 20 different abuse-deterrent combination product candidates containing hydrocodone.  In December 2015, the Company received notice from Shionogi that it was terminating the Shionogi Agreement for convenience.   

Under the terms of the Shionogi Agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of $10.0 million in 2013 and payment of $10.0 million in April 2015 upon submission of an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) application by Shionogi. The Company was eligible to receive regulatory milestone payments under the agreement as follows: (i) an additional $50.0 million upon successful achievement of specified regulatory milestones for the first licensed product candidate; (ii) up to $42.5 million upon successful achievement of specified regulatory milestones for a defined combination product candidate; (iii) up to $25.0 million upon successful achievement of specified regulatory milestones for a second product candidate (other than the defined combination product candidate); and (iv) up to $12.5 million upon successful achievement of specified regulatory milestones for further product candidates. In addition, the Company was eligible to receive up to an aggregate of $185.0 million based on successful achievement of specified net sales thresholds of licensed products. 

The Company determined that the deliverables under the Shionogi Agreement were: (i) the exclusive, royalty-bearing, worldwide license to its abuse-deterrent hydrocodone-based product candidates using certain of the Company s core technologies, (ii) the research and development services to be completed by the Company and (iii) the Company s obligation to serve on a joint committee. The license did not have standalone value to Shionogi and was not separable from the research and development services, because of the uncertainty of Shionogi s ability to develop the product candidates without the research and development services of the Company during the transfer period and over the term of the agreement. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Due to the lack of standalone value for the license and research and development services, the upfront and IND payments were recorded as deferred revenue and were being recognized ratably using the straight line method through November 2030, the expected term of the Shionogi Agreement.  As a result of the termination of the Shionogi Agreement, the Company recognized all remaining deferred revenue related to the Shionogi agreement as revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015 as the Company had no further material obligations under the agreement at that time. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $262,000 and $433,000, respectively, related to the amortization of deferred revenue.  Additionally, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $487,000 and $540,000, respectively, related to certain development costs incurred under Shionogi Agreement.  As a result of the termination of the Shionogi Agreement in December 2015, there was no revenue in 2016 related to the Shionogi Agreement. 

Collaboration and License Agreement with Acura 

In January 2015, the Company entered into the OXAYDO License Agreement with Acura to commercialize OXAYDO  (oxycodone hydrochloride) tablets containing Acura s Aversion Technology. OXAYDO (formerly known as Oxecta ) is currently approved by the FDA for marketing in the U.S. in 5 mg and 7.5 mg strengths, but was not actively marketed at the time of the OXAYDO License Agreement. Under the terms of the OXAYDO License Agreement, Acura transferred the approved New Drug Application ( NDA ) for OXAYDO to the Company and the Company was granted an exclusive license under Acura s intellectual property rights for development and commercialization of OXAYDO worldwide in all strengths. 

The Company paid Acura an upfront payment of $5.0 million in January 2015 and a $2.5 million milestone payment in October 2015 as a result of the first commercial sale of OXAYDO.  In addition, Acura will be entitled to a one-time $12.5 million milestone payment when OXAYDO net sales reach a level of $150.0 million in a calendar year.  

The Company has recorded a product rights intangible asset of $7.7 million related to the arrangement, which includes $172,000 of transaction costs related to the License Agreement.  The intangible asset is being amortized over a useful life of 7 years, which coincides with the patent protection of the product in the U.S.   

In addition, Acura receives from the Company, a stepped royalty at percentage rates ranging from mid-single digits to double-digits on net sales during a calendar year based on OXAYDO net sales during such year.   In any calendar year in which net sales exceed a specified threshold, Acura will receive a double digit royalty on all OXAYDO net sales in that year. The Company s royalty payment obligations commence on the first commercial sale of OXAYDO and expire, on a country-by-country basis, upon the expiration of the last to expire valid patent claim covering OXAYDO in such country (or if there are no patent claims in such country, then upon the expiration of the last valid claim in the U.S.).  Royalties will be reduced upon the entry of generic equivalents, as well for payments required to be made by the Company to acquire intellectual property rights to commercialize OXAYDO, with an aggregate minimum floor. 

Asset Purchase Agreement with Luitpold  

In January 2015, the Company entered into and consummated the transactions contemplated by the SPRIX Purchase Agreement with Luitpold.  Pursuant to the SPRIX Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired specified assets and liabilities associated with SPRIX (ketorolac tromethamine) Nasal Spray for a purchase price of $7.0 million.  The Company concurrently purchased an additional $1.1 million of glassware, equipment and API from Luitpold, and subsequent to the execution of the Purchase Agreement, purchased an additional $340,000 of API after closing within two business days of the release of such API from Luitpold s supplier.  

22 

Table of Contents  

The Company accounted for the arrangement as a business combination and the purchase price has been allocated to the acquisition date fair values as follows: 

As the SPRIX Purchase Agreement was executed on January 8, 2015, there was no material difference between the Company s results presented in the Company s consolidated statement of operations and the pro forma results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

12. Income Taxes  

In accordance with ASC Topic No. 270    Interim Reporting    and ASC Topic No. 740    Income Taxes    (Topic No. 740) at the end of each interim period, the Company is required to determine the best estimate of its annual effective tax rate and then apply that rate in providing for income taxes on a current year-to-date (interim period) basis. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recorded a tax benefit of $1,000 and tax expense of $4,000, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded a tax benefit of $358,000 and $780,000, respectively.   

As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the Company had a non-current deferred tax liability of $1.1 million and $304,000 respectively. The deferred tax liability relates to the state tax treatment of the 5.50% Notes. The Company maintains a full valuation against all deferred tax assets as management has determined that it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize these future tax benefits. 

13. Related-Party Transactions 

Related Party Receivables 

The Company has derived a portion of its revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 from the Shionogi Agreement, who is also an investor in the Company. As of December 31, 2015 the related party receivable with Shionogi was $57,000 and consisted entirely of revenue from development costs incurred under the Shionogi Agreement.  As of September 30, 2016, there was no related party receivable due to the termination of the Shionogi Agreement (See Note 11   Acquisitions and License and Collaboration Agreements). 

23 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and result of operations should be read in conjunction with our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words  may,   might,   will,   could,   would,   should,   expect,   intend,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project,   potential,   continue  and  ongoing,  or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Form 10-Q, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our expectations of the future, about which we cannot be certain, including, but not limited to, risks related to:  whether our product candidates approve regulatory approval, our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; our current and future indebtedness; our ability to obtain additional financing; the level of commercial success of our products and, if approved, our product candidates; the continued development of our commercialization capabilities, including sales and marketing capabilities;   our ability to execute on our sales and marketing strategy, including developing relationships with customers, physicians, payors and other constituencies; the difficulties in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our products and product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the product label under any approval we may obtain;   the success and timing of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; the accuracy of our estimates of the size and characteristics of the potential markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets; the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates; the performance of third parties, including contract research organizations, manufacturers and collaborators; our failure to recruit or retain key scientific or management personnel or to retain our executive officers; regulatory developments in the U.S. and foreign countries; obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our product candidates and our proprietary technology; our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; recently enacted and future legislation regarding the healthcare system; the success of competing products that are or become available; and our ability to integrate and grow any businesses or products that we may acquire. 

You should refer to the  Risk Factors  section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and which are incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of additional important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements.  As a result of these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included herein or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, us.  Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Our     Business 

We are a fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company developing, manufacturing and commercializing innovative treatments for pain and other conditions. Egalet was founded around our proprietary Guardian  Technology that can be applied broadly across different classes of pharmaceutical products. Using this technology, we have two late-stage product candidates in development; ARYMO  ER, an abuse-deterrent ( AD ), extended-release ( ER ) oral morphine formulation, which is under review with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ); and Egalet-002, an AD, ER, oral oxycodone formulation, which is in a Phase 3 program (together our  lead product candidates ). In January 2015, we acquired SPRIX      (ketorolac tromethamine) Nasal Spray and in-licensed OXAYDO      (oxycodone HCI, USP) tablets for oral use only CII both approved by the FDA (our  approved products ).  In addition, we have other Guardian Technology product candidates, including an AD, ER hydrocodone and an AD stimulant, in our pipeline.  We   

24 

Table of Contents  

plan to continue to grow through business development and organic development leveraging our proprietary Guardian Technology. 

We have completed bioequivalence studies and AD studies that were included in our new drug application ( NDA ) for our lead program ARYMO ER which is under review at the FDA. This product is being developed for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate.   

To commercialize SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO and ultimately our pipeline products candidates, we are using a 71-person specialty sales force targeting approximately 11,500 physicians in the high decile of pain medicine prescribers in the U.S. SPRIX Nasal Spray is the first and only approved nasal spray formulation of a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID ), in this case, ketorolac, used for short term (up to five days) management of moderate to moderately severe pain that requires analgesia at the opioid level. While providing analgesia at the opioid level, SPRIX Nasal Spray does not have issues of misuse or abuse common to opioids or some of the common opioid related side effects. OXAYDO is an immediate-release ( IR ) oral formulation of oxycodone indicated for the management of acute and chronic moderate to severe pain where the use of an opioid analgesic is appropriate. It is the first and only approved IR oxycodone product designed to discourage abuse via the route of snorting. Beyond targeting the high-decile of pain medicine prescribers with our sales force, we have sought to augment our commercial reach in other markets, including through our agreements for SPRIX Nasal Spray with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. in the Middle East and with Septodont, Inc. ( Septodont ) focused on dentists in the U.S. 

Future growth is expected to come from our pipeline of product candidates developed using our Guardian Technology. Our second late-stage product candidate Egalet-002, an AD, ER, oral oxycodone formulation, also being developed for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate, is in a Phase 3 program. We also will conduct AD studies on Egalet-002 which we expect to be submitted in combination with the Phase 3 data to support an anticipated NDA filing in mid-2017. We are also developing Egalet-003, an AD stimulant product candidate, and Egalet-004, an AD hydrocodone product candidate. In addition, we have completed initial research and development efforts on 13 other potential product candidates. We have developed prototypes, conducted feasibility studies and are exploring additional applications of our technology, both independently and in collaboration with other pharmaceutical companies, for the development of both tailored precision oral drug delivery of single agent products and combination products for indications other than pain in which a potential for abuse exists. Our exclusively owned product candidates and Guardian Technology are protected by 99 issued and 41 pending patent applications worldwide as well as unpatented know how and trade secrets. 

Recent Developments  

On August 4, 2016, at the joint meeting of the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee and the Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee of the FDA (the  Advisory Committees ), the Advisory Committees voted 18 to 1 to recommend approval of ARYMO ER.  In addition, the Advisory Committees voted 16 to 3 that if approved, ARYMO ER should be labeled as an abuse-deterrent product by the oral route of abuse, 18 to 1 that if approved, it should be labeled as an abuse-deterrent product by the nasal route of abuse and 18 to 1 that if approved, it should be labeled as an abuse-deterrent product by the intravenous route of abuse.  The FDA will consider, but is not bound by the Advisory Committees' recommendations as it continues its review of ARYMO ER.  On Oct 13, 2016 the FDA informed us that they would not be able to meet the PDUFA goal date of Oct 14, 2016, but that they are working on the draft prescription drug label for our product and further that they did not believe that we would need to submit any additional information to the agency. We will continue to work with the FDA to complete the ARYMO ER review process. 

Financial Operations 

Our net losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 were $17.4 million and $26.9 million, respectively, and $51.2 million and $69.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. We recognized revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 of $1.7 million and $4.7 million,   

25 

Table of Contents  

respectively, and $3.4 million and $10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $203.8 million. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development and clinical trials of, conduct scale-up manufacturing activities, and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio and hire additional personnel.  Additionally, we expect to continue to incur significant commercialization expenses as we grow our sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to sell our products in the U.S.  

Until we become profitable, if ever, we will seek to fund our operations primarily through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources. Additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

We believe there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as discussed in our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 11, 2016. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 

26 

Table of Contents  

Net Product Sales 

Net product sales increased from $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Net product sales in the three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted entirely of SPRIX Nasal Spray product sales.  Net product sales in the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of $3.8 million in SPRIX Nasal Spray product sales and $959,000 in OXAYDO product sales. There were no OXAYDO product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Related Party Revenues 

Related party revenues were $390,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  There were no related party revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the termination of our collaboration and license agreement (the  Shionogi Agreement ) with Shionogi Limited ( Shionogi ) in December 2015. 

Cost of Sales (excluding Amortization of Product Rights) 

Cost of sales (excluding product amortization rights) increased from $349,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $914,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2015 related only to SPRIX Nasal Spray. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to both SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO.  

Cost of sales for SPRIX Nasal Spray for the three months ended September 30, 2015 of $349,000 reflects the fair value of finished goods inventory assumed as part of the SPRIX Nasal Spray acquisition. Cost of sales for SPRIX Nasal Spray for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $726,000 reflected the average cost of inventory produced and dispensed to patients during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

There was no cost of sales for OXAYDO in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of sales for OXAYDO in the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $188,000 reflected the average costs of inventory dispensed to patients. 

Amortization of Product Rights 

Amortization of product rights decreased from $505,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $502,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Amortization of product rights was comprised of $274,000 for the OXAYDO and $231,000 for the SPRIX Nasal Spray intangible assets in the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $271,000 for the OXAYDO and $231,000 for the SPRIX Nasal Spray intangible assets in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased by $2.4 million, or 44.2%, from $5.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The increase was attributable to increases in employee salary and benefits of $609,000 and increases in stock based compensation expense of $869,000, due to the growth of our organization. There were also increased professional fees of $1.1 million which included expenses related to the preparation for the August 2016 FDA Advisory Committee meeting. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses increased $690,000 or 11.2%, from $6.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase related to the growth of our commercial operations in the U.S. and the continued sales and marketing support of SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO.  

27 

Table of Contents  

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by $7.5 million, or 162.3%, from $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $12.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  This increase was driven primarily by increases in our development costs for Egalet-002 and OXAYDO of $5.0 million and $2.1 million, respectively. 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

The interest make whole provision of our 5.50% convertible senior notes due April 1, 2020 (the  5.50% Notes ) is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date and we recognize any change in fair value in our statements of operations and comprehensive loss as a change in fair value of the derivative liability.  During the three months ended September 30, 2015 we had a loss of $592,000 as a result of the change in the fair value of our derivative liability, compared to a gain of $11,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The change in fair value of the derivative liability is due primarily to changes in the value of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense was $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The increase was driven primarily by $800,000 in debt extinguishment costs related to the repayment in full of the Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Loan Agreement ) with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. ( Hercules ) as well as interest expense related to the newly issued 13% Notes. 

Loss on Foreign Currency Exchange 

For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a loss on foreign currency exchange of $2,000.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a loss on foreign currency exchange of $3,000. This difference is primarily attributable the change in the average rates of currency in which we transacted during 2015 when compared to 2016. 

Provision (benefit) for Income Taxes 

We had a provision for income taxes of $1,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and an income tax benefit of $358,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The income tax benefit in the three months ended September 30, 2016 relates to a state tax benefit associated with the 5.50% Notes. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  

Net Product Sales 

Net product sales increased from $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $10.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisted entirely of SPRIX Nasal Spray product sales.  Net product sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consisted of $8.6 million in SPRIX Nasal Spray product sales due to increased unit sales and $2.1 million in OXAYDO product sales. 

Collaboration Revenues 

There were no collaboration revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Collaboration revenues were $100,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and consisted entirely of revenues recognized under our SPRIX Nasal Spray marketing agreement with Septodont.   

Related Party Revenues 

Related party revenues were $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 there were no related party revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as a result of the termination of the Shionogi Agreement in December 2015. 

Cost of Sales (excluding Amortization of Product Rights) 

Cost of sales (excluding product amortization rights) increased from $650,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Cost of sales for the nine months   

29 

Table of Contents  

ended September 30, 2015 related only to SPRIX Nasal Spray. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to both SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO.  

Cost of sales for SPRIX Nasal Spray for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $650,000 reflects the fair value of finished goods inventory assumed as part of the SPRIX Nasal Spray acquisition. Cost of sales for SPRIX Nasal Spray for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $2.0 million reflects the fair value of finished goods inventory assumed as part of the SPRIX Nasal Spray acquisition as well as the average cost of inventory subsequently produced and dispensed to patients during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

There was no cost of sales for OXAYDO in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of sales for OXAYDO in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $522,000 reflects the average costs of inventory dispensed to patients.  

Amortization of Product Rights 

Amortization of product rights was $1.5 million the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Amortization of product rights was comprised of $796,000 for the OXAYDO and $672,000 for the SPRIX Nasal Spray intangible assets in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and $813,000 for the OXAYDO and $693,000 for the SPRIX Nasal Spray intangible assets in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased by $6.8 million, or 42.4%, from $16.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $22.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  This was primarily attributable to increases in employee salary and benefits of $2.7 million due to the growth of our U.S. operations, stock based compensation expense of $1.1 million, and administrative expenses of $1.5 million.  There were also increased professional fees of $2.2 million which included expenses related to the preparation for the August 2016 FDA Advisory Committee meeting. These increases were offset by a decrease in regulatory fees of $498,000. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses increased $8.3 million, or 42.1%, from $11.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, to $19.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The increase was attributable to increases in salary, benefits and stock based compensation expense of $847,000 and contract sales force expenses of $5.2 million, which began operations in the third quarter of 2015, and sales and marketing support for SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO and sales and marketing launch planning for ARYMO ER. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by $7.0 million, or 35.1%, from $19.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, to $26.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This increase was driven primarily by an increase in our development costs for Egalet-002 and OXAYDO of $6.8 million and $3.8 million, respectively. These increases were offset by a decrease in our development costs for ARYMO ER of $3.2 million. 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

The interest make whole provision of the 5.50% Notes is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date and we recognize any change in fair value in our statements of operations and comprehensive loss as a change in fair value of the derivative liability.   During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we had a loss of $181,000 as a result of the change in the fair value of our derivative liability, as opposed to a gain of $642,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The change in fair value of the derivative liability is due the changes in the value of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Interest expense 

Interest expense was $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and $8.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The increase was attributable to the interest expense on the 5.50% Notes, which were issued in April 2015, as well as debt extinguishment costs of $800,000 related to the repayment in full of the Loan Agreement with Hercules. 

Loss on Foreign Currency Exchange 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a loss on foreign currency exchange of $87,000.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was no loss on foreign currency exchange. This difference is primarily attributable the change in the average rates of currency in which we transacted during 2015 when compared to 2016. 

Provision (benefit) for Income Taxes 

We had a provision for income taxes of $4,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and an income tax benefit of $780,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The income tax benefit in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, relates to a state tax benefit associated with the 5.50% Notes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since our inception, we have incurred net losses and generally negative cash flows from our operations. We incurred net losses of $51.2 million and $69.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Our operating activities used $20.8 million of cash and $57.1 million of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $203.8 million, a working capital surplus of $84.6 million and cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $101.2 million. 

From our inception through our initial public offering ( IPO ) on February 11, 2014, we received gross proceeds of $31.1 million from the issuance of preferred stock and convertible debt.  

In February 2014, 4,200,000 shares of our common stock were sold at an IPO price of $12.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $50.4 million. In March 2014, in connection with the exercise by the underwriters of a portion of the over-allotment option granted to them in connection with the IPO, 630,000 additional shares of our common stock were sold at the IPO price of $12.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $7.6 million. In addition, as part of the IPO, we converted all of our convertible preferred stock and related party senior convertible debt into 5,329,451 and 2,585,745 shares of common stock, respectively. Also, Shionogi, our previous collaboration partner, purchased 1,250,000 shares of our common stock in a separate private placement concurrent with the completion of the IPO at a price equal to $12.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $15.0 million. In addition, the 2013 related party senior convertible debt holders automatically exercised 600,000 warrants for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.0083 per share.  The net proceeds we received from the IPO and the private placement, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, were approximately $51.5 million and $14.0 million, respectively.  

In January 2015, we entered into the Loan Agreement with Hercules and certain other lenders, pursuant to which we borrowed $15.0 million under a term loan.  In August 2016, we repaid all outstanding obligations under the Loan Agreement, using the proceeds from the 13% Notes.  Refer to Note 6   Long-term Debt in the Notes to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

In April and May 2015, we issued through a private placement $61.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.50% Notes.  Interest on the 5.50% Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2015. Refer to Note 6- Long-term debt for additional information. 

31 

Table of Contents  

In July 2015, we entered into a sale agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor ) to offer shares of our common stock from time to time through Cantor, as our sales agent for the offer and sale of the shares, in an  at-the-market  offering.  We may offer and sell shares of common stock for an aggregate offering price of up to $30.0 million.  To date, we have not sold any shares pursuant to the agreement. 

In July 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of 7,666,667 shares of common stock (including the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares) at an offering price of $11.25 per share for gross proceeds of $86.3 million.  The net offering proceeds from the sale were $80.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $5.2 million and offering costs of $293,000. 

Through December 31, 2015 we financed our operations with the $4.1 million in payments from our collaborative research and development agreements along with aggregate upfront and milestone payments of $20.0 million from Shionogi under the Shionogi Agreement. 

In August 2016, we issued $40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes and will issue another $40.0 million in aggregate principal amount if we obtain approval from the FDA of our product candidate ARYMO ER on or before June 30, 2017, so long as no event of default under the Indenture has occurred and is continuing.  Interest on the 13% Notes accrues at a rate of 13% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 20     and September 20     of each year (each, a  Payment Date ) commencing on March 20, 2017. On each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018, we will also pay an installment of principal on the 13% Notes pursuant to a straight-line fixed amortization schedule. However, if approval of ARYMO ER is obtained from the FDA on or before June 30, 2017, in lieu of the straight-line fixed amortization schedule, on each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018 we will pay an installment of principal on the 13% Notes in an amount equal to 15% (or 17% if certain sales targets are not met) of the aggregate net sales of OXAYDO (oxycodone HCI, USP) tablets for oral use only   CII, SPRIX Nasal Spray, ARYMO ER and Egalet-002, if approved, for the two consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended, less the amount of interest paid on the Notes on such Payment Date. 

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements through at least September 30, 2017.  

Cash Flows  

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016: 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was $20.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and consisted primarily of a net loss of $51.2 million offset by an increase in deferred revenue of $21.4 million generated by the Shionogi milestone received and sales of SPRIX Nasal Spray in the first quarter of 2015, non-cash items consisting of $3.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, $2.3 million of amortization and depreciation expense, and $2.5 million of amortization of debt discount related to the Loan Agreement with Hercules and 5.50% Notes.  Net cash outflows from changes in other operating assets and liabilities were $327,000 primarily due to an increase in deposits and other assets of $1.3 million, a decrease in accounts payable of $724,000 and an increase in prepaid expenses of $707,000.  These were partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses of $2.6 million. 

32 

Table of Contents  

Net cash used in operating activities was $57.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and consisted primarily of a net loss of $69.3 million.  The net loss was partially offset by $11.4 million net non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations, which included stock-based compensation expense of $4.7 million, non-cash interest and amortization of debt discount of $4.0 million and depreciation and amortization expense of $2.7 million. Net cash inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities of $814,000 consisted of an increase in accrued expenses of $6.3 million, a decrease in deposits and other assets of $2.2 million and an increase in other liabilities of $836,000 offset by a decrease in deferred revenue of $5.2 million and an increase in accounts receivable of $3.6 million. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $107.6 million and consisted of $96.6 million for the purchase of available for sale securities, $8.1 million for the purchase of SPRIX Nasal Spray, $5.2 million for the license of OXAYDO and payments of $1.9 million for deposits and purchases of property and equipment.  These outflows were offset by the sale of investments of $3.4 million and the maturity of investments of $798,000. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $35.0 million and consisted of $81.0 million from maturity of investments, $8.6 million from the sale of investments, offset by $45.5 million for the purchase of investments and $9.1 million for the purchase of property and equipment.   

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $152.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and consisted of the net proceeds from the Loan Agreement with Hercules of $14.7 million, net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.50% Notes of $56.8 million and the net proceeds from the Follow on Offering of $80.8 million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $21.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and consisted of $37.2 million in net proceeds from the issuance of the 13% Notes and Royalty Rights and $274,000 from the issuance of common stock under the 2013 Plan, offset by $15.9 million in payments on borrowings under the Loan Agreement with Hercules. 

Operating and Capital Expenditure Requirements 

We have not achieved profitability since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, commercial infrastructure development, legal and other regulatory expenses, business development opportunities and general overhead costs. We expect our cash expenditures to increase in the near term as we continue to grow our commercialization efforts around SPRIX Nasal Spray and OXAYDO, and if approved, ARYMO ER, and the clinical development of Egalet-002 and our other product candidates.  

Because our product candidates are in various stages of clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration arrangements. In order to meet these additional cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or convertible debt securities that may result in dilution to our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of convertible debt securities, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. If we raise additional funds through collaboration arrangements in the future, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.  We may also seek to raise additional financing through the issuance of debt which, if available, may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants limiting our ability to take important actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring   

33 

Table of Contents  

dividends. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.  

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements through at least September 30, 2017.  However, our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:  

the results of our clinical trials;  

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews;  

the cost of our current commercialization activities for our current products, as well as, if approved for sale in the future, our product candidates, including marketing, sales and distribution costs;  

our ability to establish collaborations or product acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all;  

the scope, progress, results and costs of product development of our product candidates and any future product candidates; and  

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims.  

Please see the  Risk Factors  section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016 for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

The following table represents our contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2016: 

(1) 

Operating lease obligations reflect our obligation to make payments in connection with the leases for our office space.     

(2) 

On August 31, 2016, we repaid all outstanding obligations under the Loan Agreement with Hercules.       

(3) 

On August 31, 2016, we completed the initial closing (the  Initial Closing ) of our offering of up to $80.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 13% senior secured notes (the  13% Notes ).  We issued $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes at the Initial Closing, and will issue an additional $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes if we obtain approval from the FDA of our product candidate ARYMO  ER on or before June 30, 2017.  The above table does not reflect the additional $40.0 million in aggregate principal amount as ARYMO ER is still under review with the FDA.  Interest on the 13% Notes accrues at a rate of 13% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 20 and September 20 of each year (each, a  Payment Date )      

34 

Table of Contents  

commencing on March 20, 2017. On each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018, we will also pay an installment of principal of the 13% Notes pursuant to a straight-line fixed amortization schedule. However, if approval of ARYMO ER is obtained from the FDA on or before June 30, 2017, in lieu of the straight-line fixed amortization schedule, on each Payment Date commencing on March 20, 2018, we will pay an installment of principal on the 13% Notes in an amount equal to 15% (or 17% if certain sales targets are not met) of the aggregate net sales of OXAYDO, SPRIX Nasal Spray, ARYMO ER and Egalet-002 for the two consecutive fiscal quarter period most recently ended, less the amount of interest paid on the 13% Notes on such Payment Date.     

(4) 

On April 1, 2015, we issued, through a private placement, $60.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.50% Notes. On May 6, 2015, we issued an additional $1.0 million in principal amount pursuant to the initial purchasers  exercise of their 30-day over-allotment for aggregate gross proceeds of $61.0 million.  Interest on the 5.50% Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2015.     

(5) 

We have employment agreements with our executive officers that require the funding of a specific level of payments if specified events occur, such as a change in control or termination without cause. However, because of the contingent nature of those payments, they are not presented in the table.     

In addition, in the course of normal business operations, we have agreements with contract service providers to assist in the performance of our research and development, commercial and manufacturing activities. We can elect to discontinue the work under these agreements at any time. We could also enter into additional collaborative research, contract research, manufacturing and supplier agreements in the future, which may require upfront payments or long term commitments of cash.  

Purchase Commitments 

Other than described above with respect to the purchase of raw materials, we have no material non cancelable purchase commitments with service providers as we have generally contracted on a cancelable purchase order basis. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into employment agreements with our president and chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, chief commercial officer, chief medical officer, general counsel and senior vice president of research and development, that provide for, among other things, salary, bonus and severance payments. 

Legal Proceedings 

Please refer to Note 10 -  Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings  in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. 

JOBS Act 

As an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act of 2012, we can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are electing not to delay our adoption of such new or revised accounting standards. As a result of this election, we will   

35 

Table of Contents  

comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE   DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2016 we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $145.7 million and $101.2 million, respectively, consisting of money market funds, certificates of deposit, U.S. government agency securities and corporate debt securities. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because our investments are in marketable debt securities. Our marketable securities are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase. Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. We have the ability to hold our marketable securities until maturity, and therefore we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a change in market interest rates on our investments. We do not currently have any auction rate securities. 

We have international operations and as a result, contract with vendors internationally. We may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with payments made under these agreements. Historically, we have not hedged our foreign currency exchange rate risk, as the impacts of changes in foreign currency rates on payments made under these arrangements have not been material. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer ( CEO ) and chief financial officer ( CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Based on that evaluation, our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded that as of September 30, 2016 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such controls that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

36 

Table of Contents  

PART II   

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDING  S 

Refer to Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The discussion of these risk factors is included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and is updated for the following: 

If physicians and patients do not accept and use our approved products or product candidates, we will not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. 

If our approved products, or any of our product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, do not achieve broad market acceptance or coverage by third party payors, the revenues that we generate from those products will be limited. Coverage and reimbursement of our approved products by third party payors is also necessary for commercial success. Acceptance and use of our approved products and product candidates will depend on a number of factors including: 

the timing of market introduction of ARYMO ER, if approved, and our other product candidates, as well as competitive products;     

the ability to obtain abuse-deterrent claims in the labels for our product candidates at all, and broad enough abuse deterrent claims that encompass common forms of abuse to demonstrate a substantial benefit to health care providers and patients;     

the results of any required Phase 4 studies following any product approval to support the continued use of any abuse-deterrent claims;       

approved indications, warnings and precautions language that may be less desirable than anticipated;     

perceptions by members of the healthcare community, including physicians, about the safety and efficacy of our approved products and our product candidates, and, in particular, the efficacy of our abuse deterrent technology in reducing potential risks of unintended use;     

perceptions by physicians regarding the cost benefit of our approved products and product candidates in reducing potential risks of unintended use;     

published studies demonstrating the cost effectiveness of our approved products and product candidates relative to competing products;     

the potential and perceived advantages of our approved products and product candidates over alternative treatments;     

37 

Table of Contents  

availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement for our approved products and our product candidates from government and healthcare payors;     

the steps that prescribers and dispensers must take, since our product candidates are controlled substances, as well as the perceived risks based upon their controlled substance status;     

any negative publicity related to our or our competitors  products that include the same active ingredient as our approved products and product candidates;     

the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects, including limitations or warnings contained in a product s U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved product labeling;     

our ability to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ( REMS ) prior to the distribution of any product candidate requiring a REMS; and     

effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and other licensees and distributors.     

Because we expect to rely on sales generated by our products and, if approved, our product candidates to achieve profitability in the future, the failure of either product candidate to find market acceptance would harm our business prospects. 

Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize our product candidates, may reduce the prices we are able to obtain for our approved products and our product candidates and hinder or prevent the commercial success. 

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post approval activities or affect our ability to profitably sell our approved products or any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

The Affordable Care Act, among other things, imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. It also contains substantial new provisions intended to, among other things, broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of health care spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, modify the definition of  average manufacturer price  for Medicaid reporting purposes thus affecting manufacturers  Medicaid drug rebates payable to states and impose additional health policy reforms, any of which could negatively impact our business. A significant number of provisions are not yet, or have only recently become, effective, but the Affordable Care Act is likely to continue the downward pressure on pharmaceutical pricing, especially under the Medicare program, and may also increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs. 

Other legislative changes have also been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011 resulted in aggregate reductions in Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, starting in  2013, and, due to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, will remain in effect through 2025 unless additional Congressional action is taken, and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could impose additional financial pressure on our customers, which could in turn diminish demand for our products or result in pricing pressure on us.  In addition, drug pricing by pharmaceutical companies has recently come under close scrutiny. For example, in November 2015 the U.S. House of Representatives formed an Affordable Drug Pricing Task Force to advance legislation intended to control pharmaceutical drug costs and investigate pharmaceutical drug pricing, and the U.S. Senate has requested information   

38 

Table of Contents  

from certain pharmaceutical companies in connection with an investigation into pharmaceutical drug pricing practices. If healthcare policies or reforms intended to curb healthcare costs are adopted, or if we experience negative publicity with respect to pricing of our products or the pricing of pharmaceutical drugs generally, the prices that we charge for any approved products may be limited, our commercial opportunity may be limited and/or our revenues from sales of our products may be negatively impacted. 

We expect that the Affordable Care Act, as well as other healthcare reform measures that have been and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may compromise our ability to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 

In addition, state pharmacy laws may permit pharmacists to substitute generic products for branded products if the products are therapeutic equivalents, or may permit pharmacists and pharmacy benefit managers to seek prescriber authorization to substitute generics in place of our product candidates, which could significantly diminish demand for them and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. 

Social issues around the abuse of opioids, including law enforcement concerns over diversion of opioid and regulatory efforts to combat abuse, could decrease the potential market for OXAYDO and our product candidates. 

Media stories regarding prescription drug abuse and the diversion of opioids and other controlled substances are commonplace. Law enforcement and regulatory agencies may apply policies that seek to limit the availability of opioids. Such efforts may inhibit our ability to commercialize OXAYDO and our product candidates. Aggressive enforcement and unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, the use or misuse of oxycodone or other opioid drugs, the limitations of abuse resistant formulations, public inquiries and investigations into prescription drug abuse, litigation or regulatory activity, sales, marketing, distribution or storage of our drug products could harm our reputation. Such negative publicity could reduce the potential size of the market for our product candidates and OXAYDO and decrease the revenues and royalties we are able to generate from their sale. Similarly, to the extent opioid abuse becomes less prevalent or less urgent of a public health issue, regulators and third party payers may not be willing to pay a premium for abuse  deterrent formulations of opioids. 

Additionally, efforts by the FDA and other regulatory bodies to combat abuse of opioids may negatively impact the market for our product candidates. In February 2016, the FDA released an action plan to address the opioid abuse epidemic and reassess the FDA s approach to opioid medications. The plan identifies FDA s focus on implementing policies to reverse the opioid abuse epidemic, while maintaining access to effective treatments. The actions set forth in the FDA s plan include strengthening post marketing study requirements to evaluate the benefit of long-term opioid use, changing the REMS requirements to provide additional funding for physician education courses, releasing a draft guidance setting forth approval standards for generic-abuse deterrent opioid formulations, and seeking input from the FDA s Scientific Board to broaden the understanding of the public risks of opioid abuse. The FDA s Scientific Advisory Board met to address these issues on March 1, 2016. The FDA s plan is part of a broader initiative led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) to address opioid-related overdose, death and dependence. The HHS initiative s focus is on improving physician s use of opioids through education and resources to address opioid over-prescribing, increasing use and development of improved delivery systems for naloxone, which can reverse overdose from both prescription opioids and heroin, to reduce overdose-related deaths, and expanding the use of Medication-Assisted Treatment, which couples counseling and behavioral therapies with medication to address substance abuse. Also as part of this initiative, the CDC has launched a state grant program to offer state health departments resources to assist with abuse prevention efforts, including efforts to track opioid prescribing through state-run electronic databases. In March 2016, as part of the HHS initiative, the CDC released a new Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain. The guideline is intended to assist primary care providers treating adults for chronic pain in outpatient settings.  The guideline provides recommendations to improve communications between doctors and patients about the risks and benefits of opioid therapy for chronic pain, improve the safety and effectiveness of pain treatment, and reduce the risks associated with long-term opioid therapy. The guideline states that no treatment recommendations about the use of abuse-deterrent opioids can be made at this time.  Prior to this action, on September 10, 2013, the FDA   

39 

Table of Contents  

announced its intention to effect labeling changes to all approved ER and long acting opioids. In particular, the FDA intends to update the indication for ER and long acting opioids so that ER and long acting opioids will be indicated only for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around the clock, long term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. On April 16, 2014, the FDA updated these indications. Many of these changes could require us to expend additional resources in developing and commercializing our product candidates and OXAYDO to meet additional requirements. Advancements in the development and approval of generic abuse-deterrent opioids could also compete with and potentially impact physician use of our product candidates and cause our product candidates to be less commercially successful.   

Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our approved products and product candidates, if approved.  

Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our approved products and product candidates. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations or guidelines suggesting the reduced use of our products or the use of competitive or alternative products as the standard of care to be followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use of our products. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY   SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On August 31, 2016, we completed the initial closing (the  Initial Closing ) of our offering (the  Offering ) of up to $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 13% senior secured notes (the  13% Notes ) and entered into an indenture (the  Indenture ) governing the Notes with the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee and collateral agent. We will issue an additional $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 13% Notes if we obtain approval from the FDA of our product candidate ARYMO ER on or before June 30, 2017, so long as no event of default under the Indenture has occurred or is continuing.  The 13% Notes were sold directly only to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof relative to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. Morgan Stanley   Co., LLC was the placement agent in connection with the sales of the 13% Notes. We received net proceeds from the Initial Closing of approximately $37.2 million, after deducting the Offering expenses payable by us. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None. 

40 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS   

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Where so indicated by footnote, exhibits that were previously filed are incorporated by reference. For exhibits incorporated by reference, the location of the exhibit in the previous filing is indicated. 

Exhibit Number  

Description  

3.1  

Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Egalet Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Egalet Corporation s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2015).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Egalet Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2014).  

4.1  

Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2016, among the Company, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8 K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.1  

Form of Purchase Agreement   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.2  

Form of Royalty Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.3  

Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2016, among the Company, the Subsidiary Parties from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.4  

Form of Egalet Corporation Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed herewith).  

10.5  

Employment Agreement by and between Egalet Corporation and Patrick M. Shea (filed herewith).  

31.1  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith).  

31.2  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith).  

32.1  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

32.2  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith).  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith).  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

41 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 8, 2016  

EGALET CORPORATION  

By:     

/s/ ROBERT S. RADIE  

Robert S. Radie  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

42 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number  

Description  

3.1  

Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Egalet Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Egalet Corporation s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2015).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Egalet Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2014).  

4.1  

Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2016, among the Company, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8 K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.1  

Form of Purchase Agreement   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.2  

Form of Royalty Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.3  

Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2016, among the Company, the Subsidiary Parties from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Egalet Corporation s current report on Form 8     K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016).  

10.4  

Form of Egalet Corporation Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed herewith).  

10.5  

Employment Agreement by and between Egalet Corporation and Patrick M. Shea (filed herewith).  

31.1  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith).  

31.2  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith).  

32.1  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

32.2  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith).  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith).  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith).  

<EX-10.4>
 2
 eglt-20160930ex104e7c93e.htm
 EX-10.4

eglt_Ex10_4

Exhibit 10.4 

EGALET CORPORATION 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

This Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this "  Agreement  ") is made and entered into as of _________ __], 20__ (the "  Grant Date  ") by and between Egalet Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "  Company  ") and [________] (the "  Grantee  "). 

WHEREAS  , the Company has adopted the Egalet Corporation 2013 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and/or restated from time to time (the "  Plan  "), pursuant to which awards of Restricted Stock may be granted; and 

WHEREAS  , the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the award of Restricted Stock provided for herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

1.    Grant of Restricted Stock  . Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Company hereby issues to the Grantee on the Grant Date a Restricted Stock Award consisting of the number of shares of Common Stock (the "  Restricted Stock  ") set forth in the Grant Notice attached hereto as Exhibit A, on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement, the attached Grant Notice and the Plan. Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.   

2.    Restriction Period; Vesting  .  The Restricted Stock shall be eligible to vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the attached Grant Notice.    

3.    Termination  .  If the Grantee's service with the Company or an Affiliate terminates for any reason at any time before all of his or her Restricted Stock has vested, the Grantee's unvested Restricted Stock shall be automatically forfeited upon such termination of service and neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any further obligations to the Grantee under this Agreement.  

4.    Restrictions  . Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan, during the Restriction Period, the Restricted Stock or the rights relating thereto may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Grantee. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Stock or the rights relating thereto during the Restriction Period shall be wholly ineffective and, if any such attempt is made, the Restricted Stock will be forfeited by the Grantee and all of the Grantee's rights to such shares shall immediately terminate without any payment or consideration by the Company.  

5.    Voting; Dividends  .  During the Restriction Period, the Grantee shall have the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Agreement.  During the Restriction Period, no dividend   

shall be paid with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Agreement and the Grantee shall have no future right to any dividend paid during the Restriction Period. 

6.    No Right to Continued Service  . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director of the Company or any Affiliate. Further, nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the Grantee's employment or other service at any time, with or without cause.   

7.    Adjustments  . If any change is made to the outstanding Common Stock or the capital structure of the Company, the shares of Common Stock shall be subject to adjustment in any manner provided under Section 13 of the Plan.  

8.    Tax Liability and Withholding  .  The Grantee shall be required to pay to the Company, and the Company shall have the right to deduct from any compensation paid to the Grantee pursuant to the Plan or otherwise, the amount of any required withholding taxes in respect of the Restricted Stock and to take all such other action as the Committee deems necessary to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes.  The Grantee may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation by any of the following means, or by a combination of such means:   

(a)  tendering a cash payment. 

(b)  authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to the Grantee as a result of the vesting of the Restricted Stock;   provided, however  , that no shares of Common Stock shall be withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law. 

(c)  tendering proceeds received from a broker-dealer authorized by the Grantee to sell all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock delivered to the Grantee as a result of the vesting of the Restricted Stock.  

(d)  delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock. 

9.    Compliance with Law  . The issuance and transfer of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed. No Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Grantee understands that the Company is under no obligation to register the Common Stock with the Securities and   

2 

Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

10.    Stock Issuance  . The Company may issue stock certificates or evidence the Grantee's interest by using a restricted book entry account with the Company's transfer agent.  A physical or electronic legend, as applicable, may be placed on any certificate(s) representing the shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement indicating restrictions on transferability of such shares or any other restrictions that the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any applicable federal or state securities laws or any stock exchange on which shares of Common Stock are then listed or quoted.  Any such certificate(s) shall be held in escrow by the Company during the Restriction Period.  The Grantee shall sign a stock power endorsed in blank to the Company to be held in escrow during the Restriction Period  

11.    Governing Law  . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles.  

12.    Restricted Stock Subject to Plan  . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company's stockholders. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail.  

13.    Successors and Assigns  . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Grantee and the Grantee's beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Restricted Stock may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution.  

14.    Amendment  . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Restricted Stock, prospectively or retroactively;   provided, that  , no such amendment shall adversely affect the Grantee's material rights under this Agreement without the Grantee's consent.  

15.    Recoupment  . The Restricted Stock and any compensation paid with respect thereto shall be subject to mandatory repayment by the Grantee to the Company pursuant to the terms of any Company  clawback  or recoupment policy directly applicable to the Plan and in effect on the date hereof or required by law to be applicable to the Grantee.  

16.    Acceptance  .  The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee has read and understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Restricted Stock subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.  

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

EGALET CORPORATION  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

GRANTEE  

Name:  

Exhibit A 

Notice of Grant 

This Notice of Grant sets forth the specific terms that apply to the Restricted Stock granted to the Grantee identified below under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the    Agreement   ), made and entered into as of ________ __, 20__, between Egalet Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and the Grantee.  Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. 

Grantee Name:  

[___________]  

Shares of Restricted Stock Granted:  

[___________]  

Grant Date:  

[___________]  

Vesting Schedule:    [FOR EMPLOYEES: Unless otherwise provided in the resolutions authorizing such grant, subject to the Grantee s continuing employment with the Company,   [    25%    ]   of the shares of Restricted Stock shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, on the 181  st   day following the Grant Date;   [the remaining 75% of the shares of Restricted Stock shall be divided into 14 installments that are as equal as possible]   shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, on the last day of each calendar quarter beginning the quarter thereafter[; provided that   [the last installment is slightly larger if necessary to make the other installments equal]   shares of Restricted Stock shall vest on the last quarterly installment date,] until 100% of the Restricted Stock is vested.  The unvested portion of the Restricted Stock will be forfeited for no compensation upon the Grantee's termination of employment for any reason. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Grantee s service with the Company or an Affiliate is terminated by the Company or such Affiliate without Cause (other than due to the Grantee s death or Disability), the number of shares of Restricted Stock that, but for such termination of service, would have vested on the last day of the calendar quarter in which such termination of service occurs shall vest upon the Grantee s termination of service. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Grantee remains in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate until the date of a Change in Control, 100% of the unvested shares of Restricted Stock shall vest immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control.]   

[FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS: Subject to the Grantee s continuing service with the Company, 100% of the Restricted Stock shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, on the date immediately preceding the date of the Company s first  

annual meeting of stockholders immediately following the Grant Date.  The unvested portion of the Restricted Stock will be forfeited for no compensation upon the Grantee's termination of service for any reason.]  

[FOR CONSULTANTS:  Unless otherwise provided in the resolutions authorizing such grant, [__]% of the Restricted Stock shall constitute the  Time-Based Portion  and [__]% of the Restricted Stock shall constitute the  Performance-Based Portion .  Subject to the Grantee s continuing service with the Company, (i) (a) 50% of the Time-Based Portion of the Restricted Stock shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, on the date that is six month following the Grant Date; and (b) an additional 50% of the Time-Based Portion of the Restricted Stock shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; and (ii) [__]% of the Performance-Based Portion of the Restricted Stock shall vest, and the restrictions applicable thereto shall lapse, upon [INSERT DESCRIPTION OF PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS].  The unvested portion of the Restricted Stock will be forfeited for no compensation upon the Grantee's termination of service for any reason.] 

2 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 eglt-20160930ex10562add5.htm
 EX-10.5

eglt_Ex10_5

Exhibit 10.5 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   ) is made and entered into as of September 19, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ), by and between Egalet Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ) and Patrick M. Shea (the    Executive   ) residing at 262 Ravenscliff Road Wayne, PA  19087. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive, and the Executive desires to be employed by the Company, each upon the terms set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Executive agree as follows. 

1.              Employment  .  The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts employment by the Company, for the period and upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. 

2.              Term  .  The Executive s term of employment with the Company under this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue on an at-will basis until that employment ceases in accordance with Section 6 for any reason (the    Term   ). 

3.             Office and Duties  . 

(a)          During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company, as well as in any other position to which the Executive is appointed by the Company s Board of Directors (the    Board   ).  The Executive shall report to the Board and the Company s Chief Executive Officer or his designee(s) and shall perform such duties and have such responsibilities as the Board or the Company s Chief Executive Officer or his designee(s) may determine from time to time and which are consistent with Executive s then current position with the Company. 

(b)           During the Term, the Executive shall devote all of his working time, energy, skill and best efforts to the performance of his duties hereunder in a manner that will faithfully and diligently further the business and interests of the Company. 

(c)           During the Term, the Executive shall not be engaged in any business activity which, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, conflicts with the Executive s duties hereunder, whether or not such activity is pursued for pecuniary advantage.  Should the Executive wish to provide any services to any other person or entity other than the Company or to serve on the board of directors of any other entity or organization, the Executive shall submit a written request to the Board for consideration and approval by the Board in its sole discretion. 

4.              Compensation  . 

(a)           For all of the services rendered by the Executive hereunder during the Term, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary of $ 350,000 (the    Base Salary   ), payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices in effect from time to time.  The Base Salary will be reviewed on or about December 1, 2016 and annually thereafter by the Board to determine if any increase is appropriate, and if Executive s Base Salary is increased, then the term  Base Salary  as used in this Agreement shall mean the amount of the Executive s Base Salary then in effect at the applicable time. 

(b)           During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (pro-rated for the first fiscal year of the Term) with a target amount equal to 35% of the Base Salary (the    Annual Bonus   ), in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Annual Incentive Bonus Plan attached  

1 

hereto as   Exhibit A  , as amended from time to time.  For the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the last day of 2016, the Executive shall be eligible to receive a prorated Annual Bonus (calculated as the Annual Bonus that would have been paid for the entire 2016 Calendar Year multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days the Executive worked in the  2016 Calendar Year and the denominator of which is equal to the total number of days in 2016 Calendar Year  Subject to the Executive s continued employment through the payment date (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement), the Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid to the Executive on the date the Company pays bonuses to its executives generally for the year to which such Annual Bonus relates. 

(c)           As soon as practicable following the Effective Date, subject to all necessary approvals, the Company, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2016 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (the    Plan   ), shall grant the Executive (i) an Option (as defined in the Plan) to purchase 127,500 shares of the Company s Common Stock (as defined in the Plan) at an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the grant date, which will vest 25% on first anniversary of grant date (Oct 1, 2017) and then 36 equal monthly installments, and (ii) 42,500 shares of Restricted Stock (as defined in the Plan), 25% vested on the six month anniversary (March 19, 2017) and the remaining amount vests over 14 quarterly periods beginning June 30, 2017 and ends September 30, 2020.  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, the vesting of the Option and the Restricted Stock shall be subject to the Executive s continuing employment with the Company. 

(d)           During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans, including without limitation, any health, dental, vision and 401(k) plans maintained by the Company, on the same terms and conditions as may from time to time be applicable to the Company s other executive officers, as such employee benefit plans may be in place from time to time. 

(e)           The Executive shall be entitled to a minimum of twenty (20) days of vacation per year (prorated for any partial year worked), in accordance with Company s policy as in effect from time to time.  The Executive shall also be entitled to sick days and paid holidays in accordance with the Company s policy as in effect from time to time. 

(f)           During the Term, the Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for all necessary and reasonable expenses, professional dues, continuing education fees including without limitation any fees and expenses related to the maintenance of professional licenses, and membership dues incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.  The Executive shall keep an itemized account of such expenses, together with vouchers and/or receipts verifying the same.  Any such expense reimbursement will be made in accordance with the Company s policies governing reimbursement of expenses as are in effect from time to time. 

(g)           All payments and benefits made pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to such withholding as the Company reasonably believes is required by any applicable federal, state, local or foreign law. 

5.              Representations of Executive  .  The Executive represents to the Company that (i) there are no restrictions, agreements or understandings whatsoever to which the Executive is a party that would prevent, or make unlawful, his execution of this Agreement and his employment hereunder; (ii) his execution of this Agreement and his employment hereunder shall not constitute a breach of any contract, agreement or understanding, oral or written, to which he is a party, or by which he is bound, and (iii) he is of full capacity and free and able to execute this Agreement and to enter into employment with the Company. 

6.              Termination  .  The Term shall continue until the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company as provided below. 

(a)             Death or Disability  .  If the Executive dies or becomes Disabled, the Term and the Executive s employment with the Company shall immediately terminate.  Upon such a termination of employment, the Company shall 

2 

(i)            pay to the Executive (or his estate, beneficiary or legal representative, as the case may be), within thirty (30) days following such termination of employment, all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and all accrued but unused vacation; 

(ii)            reimburse the Executive (or his estate, beneficiary or legal representative, as the case may be) for all reimbursable expenses that have not been reimbursed as of such termination of employment, with such reimbursement to occur in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 4(f); and 

(iii)            pay the Executive any earned but unpaid annual bonus for the year immediately preceding the year of termination at the time the Company pays bonuses with respect to such year to its executives generally. 

For purposes of this Agreement,    Disabled    means that in the opinion of a qualified physician, mutually acceptable to the Company and the Executive, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, the Executive (x) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or (y) has been receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.  The termination of employment described herein shall not affect the Executive s right to continued eligibility to disability benefits under the Company s long-term disability coverage or plan. 

(b)             For Cause  .  During the Term, the Company may terminate the Executive s employment for Cause upon written notice.  Upon such a termination of employment, the Executive shall be entitled to only those benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 6(a).  For purposes of this Agreement,    Cause    means 

(i)           a material breach of this Agreement by the Executive that is not susceptible to remedy or cure, or if susceptible to remedy or cure, is not remedied or cured to the satisfaction of the Board within ten (10) business days following written notice from the Board to the Executive specifying the manner in which the Executive has breached this Agreement and, if applicable, the specific remedy or cure sought; 

(ii)            the commission by the Executive of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude (whether or not related to the Executive s employment), or any other act or omission involving dishonesty or fraud with respect to the Company or any of its affiliates or causing material harm to the standing or reputation of the Company, or the Executive s drug abuse or repeated intoxication; or 

(iii)            the Executive s failure to perform his duties hereunder other than by reason of death or Disability, after written notice from the Board specifying the manner in which the Executive has failed to perform his duties and, if such failure is susceptible to cure, the failure of the Executive to cure such non-performance to the satisfaction of the Board within thirty (30) business days following such written notice, including, if applicable, the specific remedy or cure sought. 

(c)             Without Cause  .  During the Term, the Company may terminate the Executive s employment with the Company at any time without Cause upon thirty (30) days  prior written notice;   provided  ,    however  , that during such notice period, the Board, in its sole discretion, may relieve the Executive of all of his duties, responsibilities and authority with respect to the Company and may restrict Executive s access to Company property;   provided  ,    further  , that the Board s exercise of such discretion shall not constitute Good Reason (as defined below).  Upon such a termination of employment, the Company shall 

(i)            provide the Executive with those benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 6(a); 

(ii)            pay the Executive any earned but unpaid annual bonus for the year immediately preceding the year of termination at the time the Company pays bonuses with respect to such year to its executives generally; 

3 

(iii)            continue providing the Executive with Base Salary for a period of 12 months following the date of such termination of employment (the    Severance Period   ), with such Base Salary to be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practice as if no such termination of employment had occurred;   provided  ,   however  , that the Executive s right to receive the payments set forth in this clause (iii) of Section 6(c) shall be conditioned on the Executive s continued compliance with Sections 8 and 9 hereof and such payments shall not begin until the Executive signs and does not subsequently revoke a Separation Agreement and General Release within sixty (60) days following such termination of employment, in substantially the form attached hereto as   Exhibit B  ;    provided  ,    further  , that if such sixty (60) day period spans two calendar years, any payment set forth in this Section 6(c)(iii) that, but for this proviso, would have been paid prior to the Company s first payroll date in such second calendar year, shall not be paid until such payroll date (but only to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   )); 

(iv)            during the Severance Period the Company shall provide Executive with a monthly benefit stipend payment in the gross amount equal to the one-hundred and two percent (102%) of the monthly  premium of the Company s plans for continuation of Executive s medical, dental, vision and prescription coverage on the plans of the Executive s choice with such payments to be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practice   on or about the 15  th   calendar day of each calendar month during the Severance Period;   provided  ,    however  , that the Executive s right to receive the payments set forth in this clause (iv) of Section 6(c) shall be conditioned on the Executive s continued compliance with Sections 8 and 9 hereof and such payments shall not begin until the Executive signs and does not subsequently revoke a Separation Agreement and General Release within sixty (60) days following such termination of employment, in substantially the form attached hereto as   Exhibit B  ;    provided  ,    further  , that if such sixty (60) day period spans two calendar years, any payment set forth in this Section 6(c)(iv) that, but for this proviso, would have been paid prior to the Company s first payroll date in such second calendar year, shall not be paid until such payroll date (but only to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   ))  .    

(v)            provide any stock-based compensation due to the Executive pursuant to any written agreement between the Executive and the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

(d)             Termination by Executive for Good Reason  .  During the Term, the Executive may resign his employment for Good Reason.  Upon such a termination, the Executive shall be entitled to those benefits described in Section 6(c) as though the Executive had been terminated by the Company without Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Good Reason    means the occurrence of any of the following circumstances: 

(i)            a material diminution of the Executive s authorities, duties, responsibilities or status (including offices, titles or reporting relationships) as an employee of the Company from those then in effect or the assignment to the Executive of duties or responsibilities inconsistent with his then current position; 

(ii)            the Company s relocation of the Executive s principal job location or office that increases the Executive s one-way commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or 

(iii)            a reduction in the Executive s Base Salary or benefits (other than a reduction in benefits that applies to the Executive and all other similarly positioned employees); 

provided, that the events set forth in items (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 6(d) occur without the Executive s express written consent; and provided further, that that no such occurrence of any of the events set forth in items (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 6(d) shall constitute Good Reason unless the Executive notifies the Company in writing of his intent to resign for Good Reason within 30 days following the occurrence of such circumstance and the Company fails to cure such circumstances within 30 days following receipt of such notice. 

4 

(e)             Termination by Executive without Good Reason  .  During the Term, the Executive may resign his employment without Good Reason upon ninety (90) days prior written notice.  Upon such a termination of employment, the Executive shall be entitled to only those benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 6(a). 

(f)             Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason within 24 Months after a Change in Control  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, during the Term, the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, in each case, within 24 months after a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to those benefits described in Section 6(c); provided that for purposes of applying clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 6(c),  Severance Period  shall be a period of 24 months following the date of such termination of employment. 

For purposes of this Agreement,    Change in Control    means, after the Effective Date, any of the following events: (A) a  person  (as such term in used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    1934 Act   )), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13D-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; (B) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clauses (A), (C) or (D) hereof) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; (C) the Company merges or consolidates with any other corporation, other than in a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or (D) the complete liquidation of the Company or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; provided that no event shall constitute a Change in Control hereunder unless such event is also a  change in control event  as defined in Section 409A of the Code. 

(g)           Any severance or termination pay granted in this Section 6 will be the sole and exclusive remedy, compensation or benefit due to the Executive or his estate upon any termination of the Executive s employment (without limiting the Executive s rights under any disability, life insurance or deferred compensation arrangement in which the Executive participates at the time of such termination of employment). 

7.              Certain Company Remedies  .  The Executive acknowledges that his promised services and covenants, including without limitation the covenants in Sections 8 and 9 hereof, are of a special and unique character, which give them peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated for in an action at law, and that, in the event there is a breach hereof by the Executive, the Company will suffer irreparable harm, the amount of which will be impossible to ascertain.  Accordingly, the Company shall be entitled, if it so elects, to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction, either at law or in equity, to obtain damages for any breach of this Agreement, or to enjoin the Executive from committing any act in breach of this Agreement.  The remedies granted to the Company in this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to remedies otherwise available to the Company at law or in equity.  If the Executive violates any of the restrictions contained in this Agreement, the restrictive period shall not run in favor of the Executive from the time of commencement of any such violation until such time as such violation shall be cured by the Executive to the satisfaction of the Company. 

8.              Restrictive Covenants  . 

(a)             Confidentiality  .  During the Term and at all times thereafter, the  

5 

Executive shall, and shall cause his affiliates and representatives to keep confidential and not disclose to any other person or entity or use for his own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity any confidential proprietary information, technology, know-how, trade secrets (including all results of research and development), product formulas, industrial designs, franchises, inventions or other intellectual property regarding the Company or its business and operations (   Confidential Information   ) in his possession or control.  The obligations of the Executive under this Section 8(a) shall not apply to Confidential Information which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public without breach of the commitment provided for in this Section; (ii) is required to be disclosed by law, order or governmental authority; (iii) information that is independently developed by the Executive after termination of all employment with the Company or its affiliates, without the use of or reliance on any Confidential Information and (iv) information which becomes known to the Executive after termination of all employment with the Company or its affiliates, on a non-confidential basis from a third-party source if such source was not subject to any confidentiality obligation;   provided  ,    however  , that, in case of clause (ii), the Executive shall notify the Company as early as reasonably practicable prior to disclosure to allow the Company or its affiliates to take appropriate measures to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information.  During the Term and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall, and shall cause his affiliates and his representatives to, keep confidential and not disclose to any other person or entity any of the terms of this Agreement, except as required by applicable law, in connection with the enforcement by the Executive of his rights hereunder. 

(b)             Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation  . 

(i)            During the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending 12 months following the date on which the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason (the    Non-Compete Period   ), the Executive covenants and agrees not to, and shall cause his affiliates not to, directly or indirectly anywhere in the world, conduct, manage, operate, engage in or have an ownership interest in any business or enterprise that (A) manufactures, sells, distributes or develops abuse deterrent orally delivered pharmaceuticals, (B) uses any trademarks, tradenames or slogans similar to those of the Company or its affiliates; or (C) is engaged in any other activities that are otherwise competitive with the business of the Company or its affiliates as conducted or proposed to be conducted as of the termination date (collectively, the   Business   ).   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, in each case, within 24 months following a Change in Control, the Non-Compete Period shall be a period of 24 months.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude the Executive from performing any duties as a stockholder, director, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or its affiliates or owning, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate less than 5% of any business competitive with the Company or its affiliates that is subject to the reporting obligations of the 1934 Act. 

(ii)            During the Non-Compete Period, the Executive shall not, and shall cause his affiliates to not, directly or indirectly, call-on, solicit or induce any customer or other business relationship of the Company or its affiliates for the provision of products or services related to the business of the Company or in any other manner that would otherwise interfere with the business relationship between the Company and its affiliates  and their respective customers and other business relationships. 

(iii)            During the Non-Compete Period, the Executive shall not, and shall cause his affiliates to not, directly or indirectly, call-on, solicit or induce, any employee of the Company or its affiliates to leave the employ of, or terminate its relationship with, the Company or its affiliates for any reason whatsoever, nor shall the Executive offer or provide employment (whether such employment is for the Executive or any other business or enterprise), either on a full-time, part-time or consulting basis, to any person who then currently is, or within six (6) months immediately prior thereto was, an employee or independent contractor of the Company;   provided  ,    however  , the foregoing shall not prohibit a general solicitation to the public through general advertising or similar methods of solicitation not specifically directed at employees of the Company. 

(iv)            The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 8 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its affiliates.  The Executive shall not contest that the Company s and the Company s affiliates  remedies at law for any breach or threat of breach by the Executive or any of his affiliates of the provisions of this Section 8 will be inadequate, and that the Company and its affiliates shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent  

6 

breaches of the provisions of this Section 8 and to enforce specifically such terms and provisions, in addition to any other remedy to which the Company or its affiliates may be entitled at law or equity.  The restrictive covenants contained in this Section 8 are covenants independent of any other provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties hereunder and the existence of any claim which the Executive may allege against the Company under any other provision of this Agreement or any other agreement will not prevent the enforcement of these covenants. 

(v)            The Executive expressly acknowledges that the covenants contained in this Section 8(b) are a material part of the consideration bargained for by the Company and, without the agreement of the Executive to be bound by such covenants, the Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement. 

(vi)            If any of the provisions contained in this Section 8(b) shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, scope, activity or subject, then such provision shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law or the determination by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

9.              Intellectual Property; Company Property  . 

(a)             Inventions Retained and Licensed  .  The Executive has attached hereto, as   Exhibit C  , a list describing any inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets which were made by the Executive prior to the Effective Date (collectively referred to as    Prior Inventions   ) which belong to the Executive, which relate to the Company s products or research and developments and which are not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such Prior Inventions are listed, the Executive represents that there are no such Prior Inventions.  The Executive agrees that he will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Invention owned by the Executive or in which the Executive has an interest into a Company product, process or machine without the Company s prior written consent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if, in the course of his employment with the Company, the Executive incorporates into a Company product, process or machine a Prior Invention owned by the Executive or in which the Executive has an interest, the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process or machine. 

(b)             Assignment of Inventions  .  The Executive agrees that he will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and does hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, discoveries, ideas, trademarks or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or capable of registration under copyright or similar laws, which the Executive may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice, during the time the Executive is in the employ of the Company (collectively referred to as    Inventions   ) except as provided in Section 9(e).  The Executive further acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by him (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of his employment with the Company and which are protectable by copyright are  works made for hire  as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act.  The Executive understands and agrees that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Invention developed by him solely or jointly with others is within the Company s sole discretion and for the Company s sole benefit and that no royalty will be due to the Executive as a result of the Company s efforts to commercialize or market any such Invention. 

(c)             Maintenance of Records  .  The Executive agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Inventions made by him (solely or jointly with others) during the Term.  The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, and any other format that may be specified by the Company.  The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. 

(d)             Patent and Copyright Registrations  .  The Executive agrees to assist the Company, or its designee, at the Company s expense, in every proper way to secure the  

7 

Company s rights in the Inventions and any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including, but not limited to, the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments which the Company shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain such rights and in order to assign and convey to the Company, its successors, assigns, and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title and interest in and to such Inventions, and any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto.  The Executive further agrees that his obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in his power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination of the Term.  If the Company is unable because of the Executive s mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure the Executive s signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Inventions or original works of authorship assigned to the Company as above, then the Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as the Executive s agent and attorney in fact, to act for and on the Executive s behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent or copyright registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Executive. 

(e)             Exception to Assignments  .  The Executive understands that the provisions of this Agreement requiring assignment of Inventions to the Company shall not apply to any Invention that the Executive has developed entirely on his own time without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secret information or Confidential Information except for those Inventions that either (i) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the Invention to the Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (ii) result from any work that the Executive performed for the Company.  The Executive will advise the Company promptly in writing of any Inventions that the Executive believes meet the foregoing criteria and not otherwise disclosed on   Exhibit C  . 

(f)           Upon the termination of his employment for any reason, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all memoranda, books, papers, letters, and other data, and all copies of the same, which were made by the Executive or otherwise came into his possession or under his control at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, and which in any way relate to the business of the Company as conducted or as planned to be conducted on the date of the termination. 

10.              Survival of Representations  .  The provisions of Sections 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the termination, for any reason, of the Executive s employment with the Company or of this Agreement. 

11.              Key Person Insurance  .  If the Company wishes to purchase a life insurance policy on the Executive or other insurance policy relating to the loss of the Executive s services, the Executive agrees to submit to a customary insurance medical examination, if necessary, and otherwise cooperate with the Company in any reasonable manner with respect to obtaining any such insurance policy. 

12.              Miscellaneous  . 

(a)           Neither the failure, nor any delay, on the part of either party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same, or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence.  No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

(b)           This Agreement and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement (including, without limitation, provisions concerning limitations of actions), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (notwithstanding any conflict-of-laws doctrines of such state or other jurisdiction to the contrary), and without the aid of any canon, custom or rule of law requiring construction against the draftsman. 

8 

(c)           This Agreement is intended to comply with Code Section 409A, and the parties hereto agree to interpret, apply and administer this Agreement in the least restrictive manner necessary to comply therewith and without resulting in any increase in the amounts owed hereunder by the Company.  If the Executive s termination of employment hereunder does not constitute a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then any amounts payable hereunder on account of a termination of the Executive s employment and which are subject to Code Section 409A shall not be paid until the Executive has experienced a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A.  If, and only if, the Executive is a  specified employee  (as defined in Code Section 409A) and a payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement would be subject to additional tax under Code Section 409A if such payment or benefit is paid within six (6) months after the Executive s separation from service, then such payment or benefit shall not be paid (or commence) during the six-month period immediately following the Executive s separation from service except as provided in the immediately following sentence. In such an event, any payment or benefits that otherwise would have been made or provided during such six-month period and that would have incurred such additional tax under Code Section 409A shall instead be paid to the Executive in a lump-sum cash payment on the first day following the termination of such six-month period or, if earlier, within ten (10) days following the date of the Executive s death.  No reimbursement or in-kind benefit shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and the amount available for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any calendar year shall not affect the amount available for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in a subsequent calendar year.  Any reimbursement to which the Executive is entitled hereunder shall be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expenses were incurred.  Each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment in a series of separate payments pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 

(d)           All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given, made and received only when delivered (personally, by courier service such as Federal Express,or by other messenger), when sent by facsimile transmission (with electronic confirmation of receipt) or three (3) days after deposit in the United States mails, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive: the Executive s home address on record with the Company. 

If to the Company: 

Egalet Corporation 

600 Lee Road, Suite 100 

Wayne, PA 19087 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

Any party may alter the addresses to which communications or copies are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address in conformity with the provisions of this paragraph for the giving of notice. 

(e)           The rights and obligations of both parties under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon their heirs, successors and assigns, but shall not be assigned without the written consent of both parties;   provided  ,    however  , that the Company may make such an assignment in connection with a sale of substantially all of the assets or other change of control of the Company. 

(f)           This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 

(g)           The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and separable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other provision or provisions may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 

(h)           This Agreement contains the entire understanding among the parties  

9 

hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written, between the parties hereto except as herein contained (including without limitation any prior employment agreements between the parties hereto).  The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing. 

(i)           The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation. 

(j)           Words used herein, regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context indicates is appropriate.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

EGALET CORPORATION  

By:  

/s/   

Name:   

Title:   President   CEO  

EXECUTIVE  

/s/   

10 

EXHIBIT A 

Corporate Objective Weighting  

Individual Objective  
					 
						 Weighting  

Total  

Chief Commercial Officer  

80%  

20%  

100% BONUS  

11 

EXHIBIT B 

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (this  AGREEMENT ) is made by and between   COMPANY Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with its principal place of business located at 600 Lee Road, Suite 100, Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087 ( COMPANY )   and __________________, an individual residing at _____________________, _____________, ______________ ______ ( EXECUTIVE ).  For purposes of this AGREEMENT,  EMPLOYER  shall include COMPANY and all of its divisions, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities, its and their past, present and future officers, directors, managers, trustees, members, shareholders, general and/or limited partners, insurers, attorneys, legal representatives, EXECUTIVEs and agents and all of its and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns including, but not limited to, _____________ and ________________.  

WHEREAS, EXECUTIVE had been employed by COMPANY for a period of time under the terms and conditions of an Employment Agreement entered into by and between COMPANY and EXECUTIVE dated as of __________ ____, _____ (the  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT )(a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit  A ); and 

WHEREAS, EXECUTIVE s employment with COMPANY terminated effective _____________ ___, 2016 (the  SEPARATION DATE ); and 

WHEREAS, COMPANY desires to provide EXECUTIVE with a separation package that both COMPANY and EXECUTIVE deem fair, reasonable and equitable; and 

WHEREAS, EXECUTIVE was presented with a severance package on or about the SEPARATION DATE; and 

WHEREAS, COMPANY and EXECUTIVE deem it to be in their mutual interest to amicably resolve any disputes which may exist between them concerning EXECUTIVE s employment and its cessation and to provide for the manner in which they will hereafter conduct themselves in relation to each other. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual promises as set forth herein and intending to be legally bound hereby, COMPANY and EXECUTIVE agree as follows: 

1.           The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein as if set forth at length. 

2.               In settlement of all RELEASED CLAIMS (as defined below) EXECUTIVE had, has or may have against EMPLOYER, as well as in exchange for the representations, warranties and covenants made by EXECUTIVE in this AGREEMENT, COMPANY shall   pay EXECUTIVE, as severance, his normal bi-weekly base compensation at the time of termination (_____ Thousand _____ Hundred _____Dollars and _____Cents ($______________) for a period of _____ [months/weeks] (i.e., _____[weekly/bi-weekly] payments of $_____each and one [weekly/bi-weekly] payment of $_____) (the  PERIODIC SEVERANCE PAYMENTS ).  The PERIODIC SEVERANCE PAYMENTS required pursuant to this Paragraph of this AGREEMENT shall: (i) be made less applicable federal, state and local withholdings and authorized deductions in accordance with COMPANY s normal payroll practices in effect from time to time and applicable law; (ii) begin to be made on or about COMPANY s next regularly scheduled payday that occurs at least 10 calendar days after receipt by _________________, Human Resources Manager, COMPANY ( XXXX ) of the original of this AGREEMENT executed by EXECUTIVE, as well as any other documentation required by this AGREEMENT and written confirmation from EXECUTIVE that he has not and is not exercising his right of revocation pursuant to this AGREEMENT; (iii) be made payable to EXECUTIVE; and (iv) either (x) be mailed to EXECUTIVE at his address as set forth above or at another address provided to the individual then holding the office of Human Resources Manager, COMPANY in writing or (y) made via direct deposit to EXECUTIVE s payroll bank account of record with COMPANY.    EXECUTIVE shall receive an IRS Form W-2 for the   PERIODIC SEVERANCE PAYMENTS. 

12 

3.               In consideration of the promises and undertakings of COMPANY under this AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE makes the following representations, warranties and covenants: 

(a)    that for purposes of this AGREEMENT, any reference to monies paid to or on behalf of   EXECUTIVE   shall be deemed to be the entire gross amount of the payments required by the terms, and set forth in Paragraph 2 of this AGREEMENT; and 

(b)    that he has been afforded by EMPLOYER any and all rights he had or may have had under any and all family or medical leave law including, but not limited to, the federal Family and Medical Leave Act ( FMLA ) and/or any otherwise applicable state or local leave law; and 

(c)    that he has been paid all wages, commissions and bonuses due his including, but not limited to, accrued but unused vacation and other paid leave time and any monies under any bonus, severance and/or incentive compensation plan.    EXECUTIVE   further represents and warrants that he has received all sums due him under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) and/or any otherwise applicable state or local wage and hour law; and 

(d)    that he shall make himself available and cooperate in any reasonable manner in providing reasonable assistance to EMPLOYER in concluding any business and/or legal matters which are presently pending and in connection with any such matters that may arise in the future which relate to his employment with EMPLOYER; provided such cooperation and assistance shall not unreasonably interfere with any subsequent employment obtained by   EXECUTIVE  .  Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, answering questions regarding any previous or current project   EXECUTIVE    worked on while employed by COMPANY so as to insure a smooth transition of responsibilities and to minimize any adverse consequences of   EXECUTIVE   s departure.  EMPLOYER shall have no obligation to compensate   EXECUTIVE   for said time other than as set forth in this AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT,   EXECUTIVE   shall be reimbursed by COMPANY for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by him as a result of his performance of his obligations under this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT, provided   EXECUTIVE   receives the prior written approval for the expenses from the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY.  In the event COMPANY requests   EXECUTIVE   to perform services pursuant to this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT, such work shall not be deemed a violation or breach of Subparagraph 3(j) of this AGREEMENT; and 

(e)    that he has returned to EMPLOYER all property of EMPLOYER in his possession or control which refer or relate to EMPLOYER's business, or which are otherwise the property of EMPLOYER, including, but not limited to, all confidential and proprietary business information, papers, documents, letters, invoices, sales records and reports, notes, memoranda, keys, security cards, records,   EXECUTIVE   and human resource records, customer and supplier lists, customer and supplier materials or documents, computers, BlackBerry/PDA/iPhone, computer data, office equipment, and employment records, which were created by   EXECUTIVE   or other   EXECUTIVE  s, agents and customers or suppliers of EMPLOYER in the course of their employment and/or relationship with EMPLOYER, as well as copies or multiple versions thereof, regardless of the form or medium retained or stored in (including hard copy or electronic or digital form); and 

(f)    that as an   EXECUTIVE   of EMPLOYER he had access to and was entrusted with EMPLOYER s confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets.  At all times prior to, during, and following   EXECUTIVE   s separation he has maintained and will maintain such information in strict confidence and has not disclosed and will not disclose the information to any third party without the prior written consent of the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY; and 

13 

(g)    that he shall not receive any other payment from EMPLOYER other than that set forth in this AGREEMENT including, but not limited to, any bonuses, compensation, incentive compensation, and/or commissions; and  

(h)    that he shall cooperate with EMPLOYER in the defense of any claim currently pending or hereinafter pursued against EMPLOYER without the payment of any additional compensation other than as set forth in this AGREEMENT. Such cooperation includes, but is not limited to, meeting with internal COMPANY   EXECUTIVE  s to discuss and review issues which   EXECUTIVE   was directly or indirectly involved with during employment with COMPANY, participating in any investigation conducted by COMPANY either internally or by outside counsel or consultants, signing declarations or witness statements, preparing for and serving as a witness in any civil or administrative proceeding by both depositions or a witness at trial, reviewing documents and similar activities that COMPANY deems necessary.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT,   EXECUTIVE   shall be entitled to be reimbursed by COMPANY for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by him as a result of his performance of his obligations under this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT, provided   EXECUTIVE   receives the prior written approval for the expenses from the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY.  In the event COMPANY requests   EXECUTIVE   to perform services pursuant to this Subparagraph of this AGREEMENT, such work shall not be deemed a violation or breach of Subparagraph 3(j) of this AGREEMENT.  Furthermore,   EXECUTIVE   has not and shall not initiate, commence, voluntarily cooperate with or provide assistance including, but not limited to, testimony or consultative services, in any claim, lawsuit, administrative proceeding, investigation, inquiry, or similar activity, whether governmental or private, whether pending or otherwise, without obtaining the prior written consent of the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY. In the case of legal proceedings,   EXECUTIVE   shall notify, in writing, the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY, of any subpoena or other similar notice to give testimony or provide documentation ( NOTICE ) within two business days of receipt of said NOTICE and prior to providing any response to said NOTICE such that EMPLOYER may have an opportunity to seek and obtain, among other things, an appropriate protective order or seek intervention in the matter; and 

(i)    that he has not and shall not take any action, directly or indirectly, which is contrary to the interests of EMPLOYER or make any disparaging, untrue, negative, derogatory or defamatory remarks concerning EMPLOYER or its business practices; and 

(j)    that he shall not be re-employed by EMPLOYER as an   EXECUTIVE  , independent contractor, consultant or otherwise and that he shall not apply for or otherwise seek employment or engagement with EMPLOYER at any time hereinafter; and  

(k)    that he has not and will not access or attempt to access any property, computer systems, networks, password protected data or other property of the EMPLOYER on or after the SEPARATION DATE; and 

(l)    that he has not sustained any injuries and/or illnesses/diseases as a result of his employment with or by EMPLOYER that would otherwise be covered by any otherwise applicable workers  compensation insurance benefit plan; and 

(m)    that he unconditionally releases and forever discharges EMPLOYER (whether individually or collectively) from any and all causes of action, suits, damages, grievances, demands, liabilities, defenses, debts, dues, sums of monies, accounts, covenants, controversies, promises, variances, claims, judgments, interest, attorneys  fees, liquidated damages, costs and expenses whatsoever relating to, or in connection with,   EXECUTIVE   s employment by EMPLOYER or cessation/termination thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether  

14 

known or unknown, contingent or fixed, liquidated or un-liquidated, matured or un-matured, in law, equity or otherwise, for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, including, but not limited to, any breach of contract claims (whether written or oral, express or implied); claims arising out or related to the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT; claims arising out of or related to any offer letter or similar document; claims arising out of or related to any   EXECUTIVE   handbook, personnel manual or employment policy; estoppel claims; tort claims; claims for invasion of privacy; claims for loss of consortium; claims for duress; claims of discrimination; claims for compensatory and/or punitive damages; public policy claims; defamation claims; claims of retaliation; claims of wrongful discharge or termination; claims for breach of promise; claims of negligence; claims of impairment of economic opportunity or loss of business opportunity; claims of fraud or misrepresentation (negligent or intentional); claims for severance offers made prior to the date   EXECUTIVE   signs this AGREEMENT other than as set forth in this AGREEMENT; claims for abuse of process; claims for workers  compensation benefits; claims of promissory estoppel; claims for quantum meruit; claims for unjust enrichment; claims for breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing; claims of unfair labor practices; claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ), as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ( OWBPA ); claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended ( TITLE VII ); claims under the   EXECUTIVE   Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ( ERISA ) (excluding claims for vested benefits); claims under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 ( IRCA ); claims under the Americans With Disabilities Act ( ADA ); claims under the Family and Medical Leave Act ( FMLA ); claims under the Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ); claims under the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act ( USERRA ); claims under the National Labor Relations Act ( NLRA ); claims under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ( WARN ); claims under the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 ( GINA ); claims under the Constitution of the United States of America; claims under the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act ( PHRA ); claims under the Pennsylvania Wage Payment and Collection law ( PWPCL ); claims under the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; claims under any other federal, state or local anti-discrimination law, whistle-blowing law, family and/or medical leave law and/or wage and hour law; claims for benefits including, but not limited to, life insurance, accidental death   disability insurance, sick leave or other employer provided plan or program; claims for distributions of income or profit; claims for royalties; claims for license fees; claims for ownership, stock, stock options, equity or otherwise; claims for reimbursement; claims for wages, commissions or bonuses; claims for incentive compensation; claims for salary continuation benefits other than as set forth in this AGREEMENT; claims for vacation or other leave time; claims for royalties or license fees; claims for patent, copyright or trademark infringement; claims relating to retirement, pension and/or profit sharing plans (excluding claims for vested benefits); claims for attorneys  fees and/or costs; claims for, or arising out of the offering of, group health insurance coverage (excluding claims for Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act ( COBRA ) coverage and/or similar state or federally mandated continuation coverage) or the use of information obtained by EMPLOYER as a result of the offering of group health and/or any other insurance coverage; claims against the Employer Health Plan as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ); claims relating to   EXECUTIVE   s application for hire, employment, or termination thereof, as well as any claims which   EXECUTIVE   may have arising under or in connection with any and all local, state or federal ordinances, statutes, rules, regulations, executive orders or common law, from the beginning of the world up to and including the date of   EXECUTIVE   s execution of this AGREEMENT ( RELEASED CLAIMS ).  The only exclusions from this release provision is a claim that some term of this AGREEMENT has been materially violated; and 

(n)    that in giving the general release as set forth in Subparagraph 3(m) of this AGREEMENT,   EXECUTIVE   acknowledges that he understands the significance and consequence of such  

15 

release and waiver.  Furthermore, that in giving the general release as set forth in Subparagraph 3(m) of this AGREEMENT,   EXECUTIVE   specifically acknowledges that he may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different from those which he now knows or believes to exist with respect to the subject matter of this AGREEMENT and which, if known or suspected at the time of executing this AGREEMENT, may have materially affected this AGREEMENT.  Nevertheless,   EXECUTIVE   hereby waives any right, claim or cause of action that might arise as a result of such different or additional claims or facts.    EXECUTIVE   acknowledges that he understands the significance and consequence of such release and waiver. 

4.               EXECUTIVE acknowledges and confirms that that he is waiving any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ) as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ( OWBPA ) and that: 

(a)  he is receiving consideration which is in addition to anything of value to which he otherwise would have been entitled; and 

(b)  this AGREEMENT is written in a manner understood by   EXECUTIVE   and that he fully understands the terms of this AGREEMENT and enters into it voluntarily without any coercion on the part of any person or entity; and 

(c)  he was given adequate time to consider all implications and to freely and fully consult with and seek the advice of whomever he deemed appropriate and has done so; and 

(d)  he acknowledges and confirms that he was not eligible to participate in any other severance offer from EMPLOYER; and 

(e)  the consideration paid or provided to   EXECUTIVE   under this AGREEMENT is and shall be deemed to be adequate consideration for the representations, warranties and covenants made by   EXECUTIVE   under this AGREEMENT; and 

(f)  he was advised in writing, by way of this AGREEMENT, to consult an attorney before signing this AGREEMENT and has done so; and 

(g)  he was advised that he has had at least 21 calendar days within which to consider this AGREEMENT before signing it and, in the event that he signs this AGREEMENT during this time period, said signing constitutes a knowing and voluntary waiver of this time period; and 

(h)  he has seven calendar days after executing this AGREEMENT within which to revoke this AGREEMENT.  If the seventh day is a weekend or national holiday,   EXECUTIVE   has until the next business day to revoke.  If   EXECUTIVE   elects to revoke this AGREEMENT, he shall notify COMPANY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER in writing sent by Federal Express Priority Overnight delivery, or by hand delivery with written receipt, of his revocation.  Any determination of whether   EXECUTIVE   s revocation was timely sent shall be determined by the date of actual receipt by COMPANY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.  If   EXECUTIVE   does not elect to revoke this AGREEMENT, he shall notify COMPANY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER in writing of his non-revocation decision on or after the eighth calendar day after   EXECUTIVE   executes this AGREEMENT (a form of non-revocation letter is attached hereto as Exhibit  B ).  Any determination of whether   EXECUTIVE   s non-revocation was timely sent shall be determined by the date of actual receipt by COMPANY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.  No payment shall be made under this AGREEMENT until COMPANY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER receives notice of   EXECUTIVE   s non-revocation decision as set forth in this AGREEMENT as well as any other documentation required by this AGREEMENT. 

5.               EXECUTIVE represents and warrants that neither he nor anyone on his behalf has filed any suits, claims or the like regarding his employment with EMPLOYER and/or its termination.  To the extent that EXECUTIVE or any third party seeks redress for a RELEASED CLAIM covered and released by this AGREEMENT and a settlement or judgment of said RELEASED CLAIM is reached or entered, EXECUTIVE shall designate COMPANY  

16 

as the recipient of any such monies allocated to him by the payor or, if that is not possible, EXECUTIVE shall pay to COMPANY the amount received from the payor within 72 hours of EXECUTIVE s receipt of said monies. 

6.               EXECUTIVE has not and shall not, without the prior written consent of the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY, disclose the terms of this AGREEMENT, including, but not by way of limitation, the amount or fact of any payment to be made under this AGREEMENT or any of the facts or events surrounding or leading to this AGREEMENT (including any characterization thereof) to any person (including, but not limited to, current or former EXECUTIVEs of EMPLOYER) or entity other than his spouse, attorneys, tax or financial advisors, or lenders for the purpose of confidential legal or financial counseling, or as otherwise required by law, or for purposes of enforcement of this AGREEMENT.  In the event that EXECUTIVE makes a disclosure permitted by this provision, he shall inform the individual or entity to whom disclosure is made of this confidentiality provision, and instruct such individual or entity that any breach of confidentiality by them would constitute a breach of this AGREEMENT. 

7.               Notwithstanding anything set forth in this AGREEMENT to the contrary, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that EXECUTIVE (or anyone to whom s/he makes a disclosure to pursuant to Paragraph 6 of this AGREEMENT) materially breaches the terms of this AGREEMENT, COMPANY s obligations under this AGREEMENT shall immediately cease and be deemed modified such that COMPANY s obligations pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this AGREEMENT shall be limited to Five Hundred Dollars and Zero Cents ($500.00) and all monies actually paid to or on behalf of EXECUTIVE under the terms of this AGREEMENT, in excess of said Five Hundred Dollars and Zero Cents ($500.00), shall be returned in full by EXECUTIVE to COMPANY within 72 hours of such determination, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent that such repayment does not result in the invalidation of this AGREEMENT; at that time, Two Hundred Fifty Dollars and Zero Cents ($250.00) shall be deemed to be the portion of the payments made pursuant to this AGREEMENT apportioned to any claim under the ADEA and Two Hundred Fifty Dollars and Zero Cents ($250.00) shall be deemed to be the portion of the payments made pursuant to this AGREEMENT apportioned to any RELEASED CLAIMS otherwise released by this AGREEMENT.  EMPLOYER, in addition to any other rights it may have at law or in equity, shall have the right to seek enforcement of this AGREEMENT in an action at law or in equity and EMPLOYER shall have the right to recover its legal fees, costs and expenses in such action to enforce this AGREEMENT, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent that such recovery does not result in the invalidation of this AGREEMENT. 

8.               This AGREEMENT shall not in any manner be deemed or construed as an admission by EMPLOYER that it has acted wrongfully and/or illegally in any manner with respect to EXECUTIVE, but is made solely to avoid additional costs and risks associated with litigation.  EXECUTIVE shall not be considered a prevailing party or a successful party. 

9.               EMPLOYER shall be entitled to plead this AGREEMENT as a complete defense to any claim or entitlement relating to EXECUTIVE s employment with EMPLOYER or cessation thereof which hereafter may be asserted by EXECUTIVE or other persons or agencies acting on his behalf in any suit or claim against EMPLOYER. 

10.               Each provision of this AGREEMENT is severable and, if any term or provision is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or by an administrative agency for any reason whatsoever, such ruling shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this AGREEMENT.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the release provisions (or any portion thereof) contained in this AGREEMENT are held to be invalid, void or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or by an administrative agency for any reason whatsoever, as a result of actions or inactions by EXECUTIVE or anyone on his behalf, such ruling shall render this AGREEMENT void and EXECUTIVE shall repay to COMPANY all monies paid to or on behalf of EXECUTIVE as set forth in this AGREEMENT within 72 hours of such determination, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent that such repayment does not result in the invalidation of this AGREEMENT. 

11.               This AGREEMENT supersedes and voids all previous agreements, policies and practices between EXECUTIVE and EMPLOYER, whether written or oral,   including, but not limited to, any severance offer made prior to the date EXECUTIVE signs this AGREEMENT other than as set forth in this AGREEMENT.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Paragraph of this AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE continues to be bound by any and all post-employment obligations of EXECUTIVE that are contained in any agreement, contract, or other document that EXECUTIVE has already signed (including, but not limited to, those set forth in Sections 7, 8 and 9 of the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT) and those terms are hereby deemed incorporated herein by reference and shall  

17 

continue in full force and effect as if set forth in its entirety as they are considered an integral part of this AGREEMENT.  This AGREEMENT sets forth the entire understanding of the parties as to the subject matter contained herein and may be modified solely by a writing executed by the individual then holding the office of President, COMPANY and EXECUTIVE. 

12.               This AGREEMENT shall be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of the State of New Jersey (without regard to conflict of laws principles) and any dispute pertaining to this AGREEMENT shall be brought only in, and EXECUTIVE and COMPANY agree to subject themselves to the personal jurisdiction of, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (to the extent that subject matter jurisdiction exists) or the Court of Common Pleas, Montgomery County, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  EMPLOYER shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief in accordance with applicable law for breaches (including anticipated breaches) of this AGREEMENT.  This AGREEMENT shall be interpreted without the aid of any canon, custom or rule of law requiring construction against the draftsman.  EXECUTIVE hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process served in any such suit, action or proceeding by service of a copy thereof to him by regular mail.  Such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 

13.               Any dispute arising out of this AGREEMENT or any dispute between the parties to this AGREEMENT on any subject matter shall be tried without a jury.  The parties recognize that with this provision they are expressly and voluntarily waiving their respective rights to a jury trial and do so in order to resolve any future disputes in a more efficient and cost-effective manner. 

14.               EXECUTIVE and COMPANY shall each bear his and its own costs including attorneys  fees incurred in connection with the drafting, preparation, negotiation and execution of this AGREEMENT. 

15.               EXECUTIVE and COMPANY shall take all steps necessary to effectuate the intent and/or terms of this AGREEMENT in a timely manner including, but not limited to, the execution of any appropriate tax reporting documentation. 

16.               COMPANY represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of it and to bind COMPANY to this AGREEMENT.  EXECUTIVE represents and warrants that he has the capacity to act on his own behalf and to bind himself to this AGREEMENT. 

17.               The failure of EMPLOYER to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this AGREEMENT or the failure of EMPLOYER to prosecute any breach of this AGREEMENT, shall not be construed or considered a waiver of any such term or condition of this AGREEMENT; to wit, the entire AGREEMENT shall remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or failure of performance had occurred. 

18.               Except as otherwise herein expressly provided, this AGREEMENT shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon EXECUTIVE, his heirs, successors and executors and shall inure to the benefit of EMPLOYER.  EXECUTIVE represents and warrants that he has not assigned or in any other manner conveyed any right or claim that he has or may have to any third party, and EXECUTIVE shall not assign or convey to any assignee for any reason any right or claim covered by this AGREEMENT, this AGREEMENT, or the consideration, monetary or other, to be received by him hereunder.  COMPANY may assign its rights and obligations under this AGREEMENT to any third party in its discretion. 

19.               In signing this AGREEMENT, the parties hereto represent and warrant that they are not relying on any statements, representations or promises made by the other party or their agent(s) except as specifically set forth herein. 

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE SIGNING.  THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE INCLUDES A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, FORESEEN AND UNFORESEEN, AND SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED CLAIMS. 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have made and signed this AGREEMENT as follows: 

COMPANY CORPORATION  

BY:  

Chief Executive Officer  

Patrick M. Shea  

DATED:  

DATED:  

/s/  

19 

EXHIBIT C 

Proprietary/Confidentiality Schedules 

20 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 eglt-20160930ex3119348b9.htm
 EX-31.1

eglt_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Egalet Corporation 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert S. Radie, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Egalet Corporation;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

c. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ ROBERT S. RADIE  

Robert S. Radie  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 eglt-20160930ex3124f4983.htm
 EX-31.2

eglt_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of Egalet Corporation 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Stanley J. Musial, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Egalet Corporation;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

c. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ STANLEY J. MUSIAL  

Stanley J. Musial  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 eglt-20160930ex3215a6fd8.htm
 EX-32.1

eglt_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Of 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

As Adopted Pursuant To 

Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Egalet Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert S. Radie, president and chief executive officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.     

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ ROBERT S. RADIE  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Report and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 eglt-20160930ex322bb5781.htm
 EX-32.2

eglt_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Of 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

As Adopted Pursuant To 

Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Egalet Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stanley J. Musial, chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.     

Dated: November 8, 2016  

/s/ STANLEY J. MUSIAL  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Report and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 eglt-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 eglt-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 eglt-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 eglt-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 eglt-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 eglt-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

