<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1367311_0000897101-16-003214_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2810150</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123724</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>202493</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>513262</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1115608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>786585</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897101-16-003214.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107173115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897101-16-003214
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DAKOTA PLAINS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001367311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		IRS NUMBER:				202543857
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36493
		FILM NUMBER:		161979331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		294 GROVE LANE EAST
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-473-9950

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		294 GROVE LANE EAST
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCT HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060623

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897101-16-003214.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 dakota163772_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One)   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the Quarterly Period Ended  September 30, 2016    

or   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the Transition Period From ________ to ________.   

Commission
File Number  001-36493   

Dakota
    Plains Holdings, Inc.    
 
      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Nevada   
       
       20-2543857    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

294 Grove Lane East   
  Wayzata, Minnesota   
       
       55391    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(952) 473-9950    
 
      (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,  
 if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files.)  Yes     No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated
    Filer        
 
      Non-accelerated Filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller Reporting Company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes     
No     

As of November 4, 2016,
the registrant had 54,930,696 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements.    

DAKOTA PLAINS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

1   

DAKOTA PLAINS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

2   

DAKOTA PLAINS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

3   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements   

  September 30, 2016  

1.   
       Organization and Nature of Business    

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. (the  Company, 
 we,   our,  and words of similar import) is an integrated midstream energy company, principally focused
on developing and owning transloading facilities and transloading crude oil and related products within the Williston Basin.  

Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC ( DPT ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed in August 2011 primarily to participate in the ownership and operation
of a transloading facility near New Town, North Dakota through which producers, transporters and marketers may transload crude
oil and related products from and onto the Canadian Pacific Railway. 

Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC ( DPM ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed in April 2011 primarily to engage in the purchase, sale, storage, transport
and marketing of hydrocarbons produced within North Dakota to or from refineries and other end-users or persons. Effective November 30,
2014, the Company ceased the purchase and sale of crude oil. 

Dakota Plains Sand, LLC ( DPS ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed in May 2014 primarily to participate in the ownership and operation of
a sand transloading facility near New Town, North Dakota. 

The Company is governed by its board of
directors and managed by its officers. 

2.   
       Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

The financial information included herein
is unaudited, except for the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, which has been derived from the Company s
audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. However, such information includes all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring adjustments and changes in accounting principles), which are, in the opinion of management, necessary
for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim period. The
results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for an entire year. 

Certain information, accounting policies,
and footnote disclosures normally included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been omitted in this Form 10-Q pursuant to certain
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) that are adopted by the Company as of the specified
effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The standard s
core principle is that an entity shall recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard
generally requires an entity to identify performance obligations in its contracts, estimate the amount of variable consideration
to be received in the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to each separate performance obligation, and recognize
revenue as obligations are satisfied. The standard will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15,
2017. The standard allows for either full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented in the
financial statements, or modified retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented.
The Company is evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2014-09; however, the standard is not expected to have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes,  which requires entities with a classified balance sheet to present
all deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current instead of separating them into current and non-current amounts. The standard
will be effective for public companies for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2015-17; however, the standard is not expected to have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

4   

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases,  effective for annual periods and interim periods within those periods beginning after December 15, 2018.
The new guidance requires recognition of leased assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about
leasing arrangements. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, 
effective for annual periods and interim periods within those periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The new guidance simplifies
key components of share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  In August
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
Arrangements.  Under ASU 2015-03, debt issuance costs reported on the consolidated balance sheet will be reflected as a direct
deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. While ASU 2015-03 addresses costs related to term debt, ASU
2015-15 provides clarification regarding costs to secure revolving lines of credit, which are, at the outset, not associated with
an outstanding borrowing. ASU 2015-15 provides commentary that the SEC staff will not object to an entity deferring and presenting
costs associated with line of credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing them ratably over the term of the revolving
debt arrangement. This new guidance was effective beginning January 1, 2016. 

As of January 1, 2016, the Company adopted
ASU 2015-03 on a retrospective basis to all prior balance sheet periods presented. As a result of the adoption, the Company reclassified
unamortized finance costs associated with its promissory notes, which totaled $2.3 million as of December 31, 2015, from finance
costs to a reduction of promissory notes in the long-term liabilities section on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Adoption
of ASU 2015-03 had no impact on the Company s current and previously reported stockholders  deficit, results of operations,
or cash flows. The December 31, 2015 carrying amounts for the Company s promissory notes presented throughout this report
on Form 10-Q have been adjusted to reflect the retroactive adoption of ASU 2015-03. 

Liquidity   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents and trade receivables of approximately $7.0 million and accounts payable and accrued expenses of
approximately $13.4 million. In addition, it had $56.9 million aggregate principal amount of promissory notes due within
the next twelve months. 

The Company is focused on increasing the
throughput and reducing the expenses at the transloading facility, but the decline in crude oil prices and contraction of the price
spread between Brent and WTI has materially reduced the revenues that the Company is able to generate from its transloading operations,
which, in turn, has negatively affected the Company s working capital and income (loss) from operations. The potential for
future crude oil prices to remain at their current low levels raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to meet
its obligations when they come due and continue as a going concern. As a result, the Company is considering whether to seek bankruptcy
protection. 

Despite the decline in demand and pricing
for its services, the Company continues to pursue several actions including (i) actively engaging in discussions with SunTrust
Bank focused on restructuring the existing promissory notes, (ii) minimizing capital expenditures, (iii) reducing general
and administrative expenses, (iv) managing the operating costs at the transloading facility and (v) considering bankruptcy
protection. The Company has engaged an advisor to assist with recapitalizing or restructuring the Company. These efforts continue
in earnest, but the Company can provide no assurance that (x) its efforts will result in sufficient liquidity to satisfy the Company s
obligations as they come due or the ability to continue as a going concern or (y) it will not be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets or the
amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the uncertainty associated with the ability to meet obligations
as they come due. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers highly liquid investments
with insignificant interest rate risk and original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
consist primarily of interest-bearing bank accounts and money market funds. The Company s cash positions represent assets
held in checking and money market accounts. These assets are generally available to the Company on a daily or weekly basis and
are highly liquid in nature. Due to the balances being greater than $250,000, the Company does not have FDIC coverage on the entire
amount of bank deposits. The Company believes this risk of loss is minimal. 

5   

Segments   

The Company has two principal operating
segments, which are the crude oil and frac sand transloading operations. These operating segments were determined based on the
nature of the products and services offered. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate
financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker in deciding how to allocate
resources and in assessing performance. The Company s chief executive officer has been identified as the chief operating
decision-maker. The Company s chief operating decision-maker directs the allocation of resources to operating segments based
on the profitability and cash flows of each respective segment. 

The Company has determined that there is
only one reportable segment because the two segments discussed above have similar processes and purposes, customers, geographic
locations and economic characteristics. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable are carried on a gross
basis, with no discounting. The Company regularly reviews all aged accounts receivable for collectability and establishes an allowance
as necessary for individual customer balances. At September 30, 2016, the allowance for doubtful accounts was $87,000. At December 31,
2015, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts. 

The Company recorded bad debt expense of
$1.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that primarily related to the Settlement Agreement (see Note
11, Settlement Agreement). Bad debt expense is accounted for in transloading operating expenses on the statement of operations. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are recorded at
cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. 

Estimated useful lives are as follows:  

Site Development  
      15 years   
 
      Terminal  
      13 years   
 
      Machinery  
      5-13 years   
 
      Tanks  
      13 years   
 
      Other Property and Equipment  
      3-5 years   
 
      Land  

Expenditures for leasehold improvements,
replacements, renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation
expense was $1.3 million and $3.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.3 million
and $3.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Impairment   

Long-lived assets to be held and used are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
The determination of impairment is based upon expectations of undiscounted future cash flows, before interest, of the related asset.
If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, the impairment would be computed as the difference
between the carrying value of the asset and the fair value. There was no impairment identified during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. 

Environmental Accrual   

Accruals for estimated costs for environmental
obligations generally are recognized no later than the date when the Company identifies what cleanup measures, if any, are likely
to be required to address the environmental conditions. Included in such obligations are the estimated direct costs to investigate
and address the conditions and the associated engineering, legal and consulting costs. In making these estimates, the Company considers
information that is currently available, existing technology, enacted laws and regulations, and its estimates of the timing of
the required remedial actions. Such accruals are initially measured on a discounted basis   and are adjusted as
further information becomes available or circumstances change   and are accreted up over time. The Company has
recorded no liability for environmental obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Income Taxes   

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Accounting standards
require the consideration of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if it is  more likely than not  that some
component or all of the benefits of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

6   

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will
result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future.  In evaluating the Company s ability to recover its deferred
tax assets, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.  In projecting future taxable
income, the Company begins with historical results and incorporates assumptions about the amount of future state and federal pretax
operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences.  The assumptions about future taxable income require
significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates the Company is using to manage the underlying businesses. 

The tax effects from an uncertain tax position
can be recognized in the consolidated financial statements only if the position is more likely than not to be sustained if it were
to be challenged by a taxing authority. The Company has examined the tax positions taken in its tax returns and determined that
there are no uncertain tax positions. As a result, the Company has recorded no uncertain tax liabilities in its condensed consolidated
balance sheet. 

For income tax purposes, the Company records
Goodwill for the amount that the purchase price paid for an asset or group of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets acquired.
Goodwill for income tax purposes is amortized over fifteen years. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company records expenses associated
with the fair value of stock-based compensation. For fully vested, restricted stock and restricted stock unit grants, the Company
calculates the stock-based compensation expense using the estimated fair value on the date of grant. For stock warrants and options,
the Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate stock-based compensation at the date of grant. Option pricing
models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Changes in these assumptions
can materially affect the fair value estimate. 

Stock Issuance   

The Company records the stock-based compensation
awards issued to non-employees and other external entities for goods and services at either the fair market value of the goods
received or services rendered or the instruments issued in exchange for such services, whichever is more readily determinable on
the related measurement date. 

Revenue Recognition   

DPTS and DPTS Sand, LLC recognize revenues
when the related services are performed, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. DPTS
records transloading revenues for fuel-related services when the transloading of petroleum-related products is complete and records
other revenues related to the Pioneer Terminal as they are earned based on agreements with customers. DPTS Sand, LLC records revenues
for sand transloading services when the transloading of sand-related products is complete. 

Concentration of Risk    

The three largest customers of DPTS accounted
for approximately 100% and 94% of the total revenues from crude oil transloading for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, and 89% and 97% of the total revenues from crude oil transloading for the same periods ended September
30, 2015, respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, UNIMIN Corporation was the sole customer of DPTS Sand, LLC and accounted for 100% of total revenues from frac
sand transloading. 

The loss of any one of these customers
could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

Earnings Per Share   

Basic earnings per share ( EPS )
excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if common stock equivalents were exercised or converted
to common stock. The dilutive effect of common stock equivalents is calculated using the treasury stock method. When a loss from
continuing operations exists, all potentially dilutive securities are anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation
of diluted EPS. As the Company had losses for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, the potentially dilutive
shares are anti-dilutive and thus excluded from the diluted EPS calculation. 

7   

The reconciliation of the denominators
used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

The following warrants, restricted stock
and restricted stock units represented potentially dilutive shares as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Fair Value Measures   

The Company measures fair value using a
fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Fair value is the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date, essentially an exit price, based on the highest and best use of the asset or liability. The levels of the fair
value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1    Quoted market prices in active markets that are accessible at measurement date for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level 2    Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and   

Level 3    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities and less observable from objective sources.   

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such significant estimates include recoverability of property
and equipment, depreciable lives for property and equipment, fair value of the Operational Override liability, inputs in the valuation
of certain equity transactions, and accounting for income taxes. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

3.   
       Lease Agreement    

In July 2013, the Company entered
into an operating lease agreement with UNIMIN Corporation to lease certain land owned by the Company in New Town, North Dakota.
The Company began receiving monthly lease payments of $10,000 in January 2014 and will continue to do so through December 2023,
with annual increases of 3% starting January 2016. The lease agreement includes a provision that allows UNIMIN Corporation the
option to renew and extend the term of the lease for four additional periods of five years each. In addition, all improvements
to the land, including rail tracks and the sand facility, revert to the Company upon termination of the lease. 

8   

4.   
       Preferred Stock and Common Stock    

The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. Shares of preferred stock may be issued in one or more series with rights
and restrictions as may be determined by the board of directors of the Company. No shares of preferred stock have been issued as
of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

On January 24, 2016, the board of directors
of the Company declared a dividend of one right (a  Right ) for each issued and outstanding share of its common stock
held by stockholders of record as of February 3, 2016. Each Right entitles the registered holder of the Company s common
stock, subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement dated January 24, 2016 (the  Rights Agreement ), to purchase one
one-thousandth of a share of the Company s Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at a price of $0.84, subject to
certain adjustments. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in the Rights Agreement. 

At any time before a person or group (each
such person or group, an  Acquiring Person ) becomes the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Company s common
stock, the board of directors may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.001 per Right, subject to
certain adjustments. The Rights will not be exercisable until after a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person or after the
commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any person becoming an Acquiring Person. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, a total of 586,042 shares of common stock were surrendered by certain executives and employees of the Company to satisfy
tax obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards. The total value of these shares was
$96,346, which was based on the closing market price on the date of surrender. 

5.   
       Stock-Based Compensation and Warrants    

The Company records expenses associated
with the fair value of the stock-based compensation. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate stock-based
compensation at the date of grant. Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected
volatility. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate. 

Warrants  

The following table reflects the status of warrants outstanding
at September 30, 2016: 

Warrants to purchase 700,000 shares of
common stock expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

No warrants were forfeited or exercised
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company recorded no general and administrative
expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, related to these warrants. There is no further general
and administrative expense that will be recognized in future periods related to any warrants that have been granted as of September 30,
2016, as the Company recognized the entire fair value upon vesting.  

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards  

The outstanding shares of restricted stock
and restricted stock units vest over various terms with all shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units vesting no later
than March 2018. The Company issued no shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there was $0.5 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related
to unvested shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units. The Company has assumed a zero percent forfeiture rate on all
grants. The Company recorded general and administrative expense related to shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units
of $(200,469) and $508,141 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $549,534 and $1,609,485 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The amounts recorded in general and administrative expense are
net of forfeitures for all periods presented. 

9   

The following table reflects the outstanding
restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards and activity related thereto for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

6.   
       Promissory Notes    

On December 5, 2014, the Company, DPT,
DPM and DPS (collectively, the  Borrowers ) entered into a $57.5 million Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement
(the  Credit Agreement ) with SunTrust Bank. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of $20 million
(the  Revolving Loan Facility ) and one or more tranches of term loans in the aggregate amount of $37.5 million
(the  Term Loans  and, together with the Revolving Loan Facility, the  Credit Facility ). 

On August 6, 2015, the Credit Agreement
was amended to revise the definition of continuing director in the Credit Agreement by removing the exclusion for individuals who
would otherwise qualify as continuing directors but for the fact that they became directors as a result of an actual or threatened
contest for proxies or consents regarding the election or removal of directors. 

On December 4, 2015, the Borrowers entered
into an Amendment No. 2 and Waiver to the Credit Agreement (the  Second Amendment ) to extend the maturity date of
the second tranche of Term Loans ( Tranche B ), increase the interest rate margin on Tranche B by 25 basis points and
modify the leverage ratio covenant for fiscal quarters ending prior to March 31, 2017. The Second Amendment also waived certain
events of default and certain other provisions of the Credit Agreement as further described below. As required by the Second Amendment,
the Company paid $950,000 against the principal balance of Tranche A in connection with the release of the previously restricted
cash (see Note 11, Settlement Agreement). 

On May 3, 2016, the Borrowers entered into
a Forbearance Agreement (the  Forbearance Agreement ) with SunTrust Bank.  Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement,
from May 3, 2016, until July 25, 2016 (later extended to November 30, 2016 pursuant to Forbearance Amendment No. 3 (as defined
below)), SunTrust Bank agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies available under the Credit Agreement but only
to the extent that such rights and remedies arise exclusively as a result of the occurrence of certain anticipated events of default.
Default interest shall accrue in accordance with the Credit Agreement for any interest paid-in-kind or if any anticipated or other
events of default occur. The Forbearance Agreement also enables the Loan Parties to elect during the term of the Forbearance Agreement
to make interest payments either in cash or through the payment-in-kind of additional interest and provides additional reporting
requirements for the Company. The description and terms of the requirements are set forth in the Forbearance Agreement. 

On July 5, 2016, the Borrowers entered
into Amendment No. 3 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement and One Time Waiver
of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements ( Amendment No. 3 ) to amend (i) the Credit Agreement and (ii) the Forbearance
Agreement. Among other things, Amendment No. 3 (a) amended the Credit Agreement to increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitment
Amount (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to $20.5 million and (b) amended the Forbearance Agreement to (1) extend the Forbearance
Termination Date to August 31, 2016, and (2) require the Borrowers to submit a restructuring plan to SunTrust Bank on or before
August 1, 2016, together with a timeline for completing the restructuring plan. The Borrowers have met their obligations regarding
the restructuring plan. Also, pursuant to Amendment No. 3, the Lenders made a one-time waiver of certain revolving loan borrowing
requirements and funded $0.5 million on July 6, 2016. 

On August 5, 2016, the Borrowers entered
into Amendment No. 4 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement and One Time Waiver of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements ( Amendment
No. 4 ). Among other things, Amendment No. 4 amended the Credit Agreement to increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitment
Amount (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to $21.5 million. Also, pursuant to Amendment No. 4, the Lenders made a one-time waiver
of certain revolving loan borrowing requirements and funded $1.0 million on August 5, 2016. 

On September 1, 2016, the Borrowers entered
into Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement ( Forbearance Amendment No. 2 ). Among other things, Forbearance Amendment
No. 2 amended the Forbearance Agreement to (1) extend the Forbearance Termination Date to September 15, 2016, (2) require the Borrowers
to cooperate with the financial or restructuring advisor appointed by SunTrust Bank, and (3) require the Borrowers to submit an
operating plan and budget to SunTrust Bank on or before September 9, 2016. The Borrowers have met their obligations regarding the
operating plan and budget. 

10   

On September 20, 2016, the Borrowers entered
into Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement ( Forbearance Amendment No. 3 ). Among other things, Forbearance Amendment
No. 3 amended the Forbearance Agreement to (1) extend the Forbearance Termination Date to November 30, 2016, (2) require the Borrowers
to cooperate with the financial or restructuring advisor appointed by SunTrust Bank, and (3) require the Borrowers to receive one
or more executed letters of intent for the purchase of all or substantially all of the Borrowers  equity or assets (such
transaction, a  Potential Transaction ) from potential purchasers with demonstrated ability to close a Potential Transaction
(each such Potential Purchaser, a  Potential Purchaser ) on or before October 30, 2016 and enter into a definitive
asset purchase agreement for a Potential Transaction on or before November 20, 2016. There was $56.9 million outstanding under
the Credit Facility at September 30, 2016. 

At the Borrowers  option, borrowings
under the Credit Facility may be either (i)  Base Rate  loans, which bear interest at the highest of (a) the rate which
the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time, (b) 1/2 of 1%
in excess of the federal funds rate and (c) Adjusted LIBOR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) determined on a daily basis with
a one (1) month interest period, plus one percent (1.00%) or (ii)  Eurodollar  loans, which bear interest at Adjusted
LIBOR, as determined by reference to the rate for deposits in dollars appearing on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page for the respective
interest period. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary
events of default, including nonpayment of principal when due; nonpayment of interest after stated grace period; fees or other
amounts after stated grace period; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violations of covenants; certain bankruptcies
and liquidations; any cross-default to material indebtedness; certain material judgments; certain events related to the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or  ERISA,  actual or asserted invalidity of any guarantee,
security document or subordination provision or non-perfection of security interest, and a change in control (as defined in the
Credit Agreement). The Second Amendment then waives certain events of default that could be triggered in connection with the Company s
pursuit of remedies against subsidiaries of World Fuel Services Corporation for railcar sublease agreements and unpaid fees and
costs for crude oil transloading services. In connection with the pursuit of those remedies and waiver of covenants, the Company
has suspended payment of the Operational Override. 

Pursuant to a Guaranty and Security Agreement,
dated December 5, 2014 (the  Guaranty and Security Agreement ), made by the Borrowers, the Company, and certain
subsidiaries of the Borrowers in favor of the Administrative Agent, the obligations of the Borrowers are guaranteed by the Company,
each other Borrower and the guaranteeing subsidiaries of the Borrowers and are secured by all of the assets of such parties. 

The Company incurred finance costs of $3,923,409
related to the Credit Agreement. These costs were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the Credit Agreement. The
Company recognized interest expense related to these finance costs of $450,901 and $1,157,083 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, and $240,341 and $721,023 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

7.   
       Income Taxes    

The income tax provision for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consists of the following: 

The Company has no liabilities for unrecognized
tax benefits. 

The Company s policy is to recognize
potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax provision or benefit. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations, nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

11   

In assessing the need for a valuation allowance
for the Company s deferred tax assets, a significant item of negative evidence considered was the cumulative book loss over
the most recent three-year period.  Additionally, the Company s revenue, profitability and future growth are substantially
dependent upon prevailing and future crude oil prices.  The markets for crude oil continue to be volatile.  Changes
in crude oil prices have a significant impact on the Company s cash flows.  Prices for crude oil may fluctuate
widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for crude oil and a variety of additional factors that
are beyond the Company s control.  Due to these factors, including sustained decreases in crude oil prices, management
has placed a lower weight on the prospect of future earnings in its overall analysis of the valuation allowance. 

In determining whether to establish a valuation
allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets, management concluded that the objectively verifiable evidence of cumulative
negative earnings for the most recent three-year period is difficult to overcome with any form of positive evidence that may exist. Accordingly,
the valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax asset at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was $22.3 million
and $27.4 million, respectively. 

The 2015, 2014, and 2013 tax years remain
open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

8.   
       Financial Instruments    

The Company s financial instruments
include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, other receivables, accounts payable, and promissory notes. The carrying amount
of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, other receivables and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their immediate
or short-term maturities. The carrying amounts of the Company s promissory notes outstanding approximate fair value because
its current borrowing rates do not materially differ from market rates for similar borrowings. 

9.   
       Fair Value    

The following table summarizes the valuation
of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The level 3 liability consists of the liability
related to the Operational Override (see Note 10, Membership Purchase Agreement). 

The following table presents changes for
the liability measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the nine months ended September 30,
2016: 

10.   
        Membership Purchase Agreement    

On December 5, 2014, the Company entered
into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with DPT, DPS, DPM and Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC ( PTS ). Pursuant
to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, in exchange for $43.0 million in cash and an Operational Override (as defined
below), DPT acquired all of the limited liability company membership interests of DPTS owned by PTS, DPS acquired all of the limited
liability company membership interests of DPTS Sand, LLC owned by PTS, and DPM acquired all of the limited liability company membership
interests of DPTS Marketing LLC ( DPTSM ) owned by PTS. As a result of the transactions, through ownership of its wholly
owned subsidiaries, the Company became the sole member of DPTS, DPTS Sand, LLC and DPTSM. 

12   

In addition to $43.0 million in cash
paid to PTS at closing, the Company agreed to pay to PTS an amount equal to $0.225 per barrel of crude oil arriving at the
current transloading facility located in New Town, North Dakota, up to a maximum of 80,000 barrels of crude oil per day through
December 31, 2026 (the  Operational Override ). In the event such Operational Override payments, in the aggregate,
are less than $10.0 million, then the Company is obligated to pay to PTS the difference on or before January 31, 2027. 

At any time, the Company may pay to PTS
an amount equal to the then-present value (using a nine percent (9.0%) discount rate) of the maximum remaining Operational Override
payments assuming maximum volume for the period between the pre-payment date and December 31, 2026. If such early payment is made,
the Company will have no further obligations related to the Operational Override. 

Railcar Sublease Agreements   

Concurrent with the Membership Interest
Purchase Agreement, the Company, through DPTSM, entered into five Amended and Restated Railcar Sublease Agreements with Western
Petroleum Company (the  Amended Sublease Agreements ). Under the Amended Sublease Agreements, DPTSM subleased a total
of 872 railcars from Western Petroleum Company subject to the terms, covenants, provisions, conditions, and agreements contained
in the master railcar leases between the original lessors and Western Petroleum Company. The term of the Amended Sublease Agreements
is from December 5, 2014 (the  Effective Date ) until the end of the term of the applicable schedule to the respective
master railcar lease. The last of the master railcar leases expires in August 2021. 

Within thirty (30) days after the Effective
Date, Western Petroleum Company was required to deliver to DPTSM a certain set of railcars as identified in a schedule included
with the Amended Sublease Agreements. The Amended Sublease Agreements are being accounted for as operating leases. 

DPTSM was to assume the responsibility
for any charges incurred between the time of delivery of the railcars to DPTSM under the Amended Sublease Agreements and redelivery
of the railcars to Western Petroleum Company at the conclusion of the term, including, but not limited to, charges resulting from
demurrage, track storage, switching, detention, freight or empty movements made by the railcars upon each railroad over which the
railcars shall move during the term of the Amended Sublease Agreements, as well as any other charges set forth in the master railcar
leases. 

11.   
        Settlement Agreement    

On March 15, 2016, the Company and certain
of its affiliates (together with the Company, the  DAKP Parties ) executed a Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement
Agreement ) with World Fuel Services Corporation ( WFS ) and certain of its affiliates (together with WFS, the
 WFS Parties ) resolving several pending issues between the DAKP Parties and the WFS Parties. Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, the $3.0 million of previously restricted cash was released by WFS. The Company received approximately $1.9 million
of the previously restricted cash, and $1.1 million of the previously restricted cash was paid to the WFS Parties as reimbursement
for the Company s portion of the legal and professional costs incurred in connection with the Indemnification and Release
Agreement dated December 5, 2014 (the  Indemnification Agreement ). The DAKP Parties also released certain claims against
the WFS Parties related to historical railcar storage fees of approximately $1.3 million and rights to indemnification under the
Indemnification Agreement. As an additional condition of the Settlement Agreement, the Company also released 89,894 barrels of
crude oil it had retained due to non-payment of outstanding railcar storage and crude oil transloading invoices. 

12.   
        Commitments and Contingencies    

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., Craig McKenzie and Jim Thornton  

Ryan R. Gilbertson v. Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., Craig
McKenzie and Jim Thornton  

On September 23, 2016, Ryan R. Gilbertson
commenced a Minnesota state court lawsuit against Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. and Messrs. McKenzie and Thornton, individually,
asserting breach of contract, declaratory judgment, fraud in the inducement, common law fraud and unjust enrichment relating to
a note restructuring by the Company in December 2013 and for failing to provide indemnification. On October 4, 2016, Mr. Gilbertson
filed a motion for temporary restraining order and temporary injunction as well as a motion for speedy hearing. On October 13,
2016, the Company filed its answer denying Mr. Gilbertson s allegations and a counterclaim asserting fraud in the inducement
and unjust enrichment against Mr. Gilbertson. A hearing on the motion for temporary restraining order and temporary injunction
was held on October 18, 2016. On November 1, 2016, the court denied Mr. Gilbertson s motion for injunctive relief. 

Dakota Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC  

Dakota Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC v. World Fuel Services,
Inc.  

On October 13, 2015, DPTS commenced a Minnesota
state court lawsuit against World Fuel Services, Inc., asserting claims for breach of contract and unjust enrichment relating to
unpaid fees and costs for crude oil transloading services (the  Transloading Case ). On November 2, 2015, World Fuel
Services, Inc. answered the complaint and filed a motion to consolidate the action with the lawsuit commenced by DPTS Marketing
LLC ( DPTSM ) against Western Petroleum Company, which was denied. World Fuel Services, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss
for improper venue arguing that the case should be heard in New York. On April 1, 2016, the court granted that motion, finding
that the governing contracts required the case to be litigated in New York. It dismissed the case without prejudice. On April 19,
2016, DPTS re-filed the case in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On May 25, 2016, World
Fuel Services, Inc. filed an answer to the DPTS complaint, and a pretrial conference is scheduled for November 14, 2016. 

13   

DPTS Marketing LLC  

DPTS Marketing LLC v. Western Petroleum Company  

On October 13, 2015, DPTSM commenced a
Minnesota state court lawsuit against Western Petroleum Company ( Western Petroleum ), asserting claims for fraud in
the inducement, reckless misrepresentation, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, breach of contract, unjust
enrichment, and declaratory judgment relating to railcar sublease agreements signed between the parties. In initial motion practice,
Western Petroleum moved to consolidate this case with the Transloading Case. The motion to consolidate was denied on December 29,
2015. Western Petroleum also moved to dismiss DPTSM s claims, which the court denied on May 16, 2016. Following the court s
order denying Western Petroleum s motion to dismiss, Western Petroleum filed its answer and a counterclaim for breach of
contract against DPTSM. DPTSM filed a reply to that counterclaim denying any liability, and the pleadings were closed on June 15,
2016.  The parties have exchanged some document discovery, but no depositions have taken place. 

On July 8, 2016, the court entered an order
upon the agreement of the parties staying all proceedings until September 6, 2016. By order dated September 13, 2016, the stay
was extended through October 21, 2016. On October 25, 2016, the Court again extended the stay through December 2, 2016. On or before
that date, the parties are obligated to provide an update about the status of the case, and in the event that the action is still
active after that date, the parties will meet and confer, and the court will issue an amended scheduling order based on the parties 
stipulation and on the court s scheduling requirements. 

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.; Dakota
Plains Transloading, LLC; Dakota Plains Sand, LLC; Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC; DPTS Marketing, LLC; Dakota Petroleum Transport
Solutions, LLC; and DPTS Sand, LLC  

World Fuel Services Corporation v. Dakota Plains Holdings,
Inc.; Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC; Dakota Plains Sand, LLC; Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC; DPTS Marketing, LLC; Dakota Petroleum
Transport Solutions, LLC; and DPTS Sand, LLC  

On April 13, 2016, World Fuel Services
Corporation ( WFS ) filed an action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
the above-referenced Dakota Plains entities (the  DAKP Parties ). The suit alleges claims for breach of a Guaranty
Agreement and a Joinder Agreement. WFS seeks damages of at least $2,025,690 for the alleged failure to make an  operational
override  payment, and an additional netted amount of $3,492,747 for the alleged failure to make railcar sublease payments.
On May 25, 2016, the DAKP Parties filed a motion to dismiss the complaint; WFS has until November 7, 2016 to file its opposition
to the motion to dismiss. A pretrial conference is scheduled for November 18, 2016. 

The Borrowers entered into Amendment
No. 4 to Forbearance Agreement ("Forbearance Amendment No. 4") effective as of October 31, 2016.  Among other
things, Forbearance Amendment No. 4 amended the Forbearance Agreement to (1) extend the Forbearance Termination Date to
January 3, 2017, and (2) require the Borrowers to receive one or more executed letters of intent for the purchase of all
or substantially all of the Borrowers' equity or assets (such transaction, a "Potential Transaction") from potential
purchasers with demonstrated ability to close a Potential Transaction (each such Potential Purchaser, a "Potential
Purchaser") on or before November 18, 2016 and enter into a definitive asset purchase agreement for a Potential Transaction
on or before December 13, 2016.  

14   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included
in this quarterly report and in our audited consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and subsequent reports on Form
10-Q and Form 8-K, including amendments thereto.  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This report contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements included in this quarterly report that are not
historical facts (including any statements regarding plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance,
or assumptions), including, without limitation, the information set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology including  anticipate,   continue,   believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 hope,   intend,   may,   potential,   should,   target, 
 will,  or other similar words. 

Such forward-looking statements are subject
to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of
the filing of this report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on
reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct. Important factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements include, among
other things, those set forth in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015 and in  Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this filing. 

All forward-looking statements included
in this report are based on information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written
and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statements contained throughout this report. 

Overview  

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. ( we, 
 us,   our,  or  our Company ) is an integrated midstream energy company operating the Pioneer
Terminal, with services that include outbound crude oil storage, logistics and rail transportation and inbound fracturing ( frac )
sand logistics. The Pioneer Terminal is located in Mountrail County, North Dakota, where it is uniquely positioned to exploit opportunities
in the heart of the Bakken and Three Forks plays of the Williston Basin. The Williston Basin of North Dakota and Montana is the
largest onshore crude oil production source in North America where the current lack of available pipeline capacity has provided
a surplus of crude oil available for the core business of our Company. Our frac sand business provides services for UNIMIN Corporation
( UNIMIN ), a leading producer of quartz proppant and one of the largest suppliers of frac sand to exploration and
production operating companies in the Williston Basin. Our Company is headquartered in Wayzata, Minnesota. 

Because current crude
oil production in North Dakota exceeds existing pipeline takeaway capacity, rail transloading facilities are necessary to efficiently
capture the demand for transportation of supplies and products to and from the oil fields. As such, we adopted a crude by rail
model and built the Pioneer Terminal, which has given us the ability to efficiently facilitate the loading and transporting of
crude oil and related products to and from the Bakken oil fields. According to the North Dakota Pipeline Authority, as of August
2016, the crude by rail industry was transporting approximately 29% of the total crude oil takeaway, which was down from 47% as
of August 2015. 

In order to supplement our crude by rail
business model and diversify our product mix, we expanded our service offerings in June 2014 to include inbound frac sand logistics.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration (the  EIA ) stated in its March 15, 2016 edition of Today in Energy that
it estimates about half of the total U.S. crude oil production comes from hydraulically fractured wells,  In 2000, approximately
23,000 hydraulically fractured wells produced 102,000 barrels per day (b/d) of oil in the United States, making up less than 2%
of the national total. By 2015, the number of hydraulically fractured wells grew to an estimated 300,000, and production from those
wells had grown to more than 4.3 million b/d, making up about 50% of the total oil output of the United States.  The combination
of this rapidly growing market, the optimal location of the Pioneer Terminal, and UNIMIN s expertise have allowed us to quickly
become a leading provider of frac sand transloading services within the state of North Dakota. 

15   

New Town Facility  

Our facility in New Town,
North Dakota is centrally located in the heart of the Parshall Oil Field in Mountrail County, North Dakota. New Town is located
at the entrance to a large peninsula, and our facility straddles the only road providing access to and from the peninsula. One
of the geographic advantages to our facility is the Four Bears Bridge, which represents the only means to cross Lake Sakakawea
for approximately 90 miles in either direction. The peninsula is approximately 150 square miles of land with 168 spacing units
due to their water access to Lake Sakakawea. One spacing unit is the equivalent of one square mile and has the expectation for
12 to 16 wells. 168 spacing units equates to over 2,000 wells. 

Some crude oil well operators
continue to haul crude oil via semi-truck as far as 100 miles one way from New Town to various crude by rail facilities to load
crude oil produced from wells located in the Parshall Oil Field onto railway systems at significant additional cost compared to
the services offered by our facility. In August 2016, North Dakota produced 1.0 million barrels of crude oil per day. We estimate
crude oil production within approximately a 75-mile radius of our facility to represent 80% of the volume, or approximately 800,000
barrels of crude oil per day. 

In 2015, our facility
experienced its highest daily average throughput to date of approximately 46,000 barrels of crude oil transloaded compared to a
daily average throughput of approximately 38,800 barrels of crude oil in 2014 and approximately 23,600 barrels of crude oil in
2013. The year-over-year increases in barrels of crude oil transloaded can be explained by not only the geographical location of
our facility but also its state-of-the-art design that includes the following features: 

Private spur connecting the property to the Canadian Pacific Railway;   

Approximately 192-acre site with two 8,300-foot loop tracks each capable of 120 car unit trains,
270,000 barrels of crude oil storage, a high-speed loading facility that can accommodate 10 rail cars simultaneously, two active
gathering system pipelines and transfer stations to receive crude oil from 10 trucks simultaneously;   

Fire suppression system, spill remediation and backup power generation solutions;   

Automated terminal metering and accounting systems;   

Four fully operational ladder tracks that can be utilized for inbound delivery and storage for
commodities such as frac sand, aggregate, chemicals, diesel and pipe;   

Fully enclosed electrical system between the existing tracks to provide maximum flexibility when
powering transloading equipment; and   

72 acres of industrial zoned land within the double loop tracks that provide the option to add
storage or various industrial uses to the facility at any time.   

We completed construction
of a third 90,000-barrel crude oil storage tank in July 2015. The facility also can accommodate significant storage of tanker-trucks
as well as drilling and other crude oil exploration equipment. 

Current Business Drivers   

As reported in the Annual Energy Outlook
2016 dated August 2016 ( AEO2016 ), the EIA forecasts total U.S. crude oil production to reach its peak around the
year 2040:  Total U.S. oil production in the AEO2016 Reference case falls from 9.4 million barrels per day (b/d) in 2015
to 8.6 million b/d in 2017. After 2017, the total production grows to 11.3 million b/d in 2040 as real (2016 dollars) crude oil
prices recover from an annual average of less than $50/barrel (b) in 2017 to more than $130/b in 2040. The Lower 48 states lead
the increase in crude oil production, which results largely from higher oil prices, continued advances in industry practices, and
further development of technologies that reduce costs and allow for increased recovery of tight oil resources.  They go on
to state,  The Bakken, Western Gulf Basin (including the Eagle Ford play), and Permian Basin lead the continued development
of tight oil resources in the Lower 48 states in the Reference case. With the recent decline in oil prices, tight oil production
shows the largest reduction, from 4.9 million b/d in 2015 to 4.2 million b/d in 2017, before increasing to 7.1 million b/d in 2040.
After 2017, higher oil prices, as well as ongoing exploration, appraisal, and development programs that expand operator knowledge
about producing reservoirs, could result in the identification of additional tight oil resources and the development of technologies
that reduce costs and increase oil recovery.  

16   

Throughout the year, the EIA
monitors price and inventory levels as well as various global economic indicators and revises the forecast as necessary. In
their most recent publication of the Short-Term Energy Outlook dated October 2016, the EIA maintained their AEO2016 U.S.
crude oil production levels but highlighted the improved financial conditions of certain U.S. onshore oil producers:
 Second quarter 2016 financial results for 46 publicly traded U.S. onshore oil producers showed improved financial
conditions compared with the first quarter. Cash from operations increased from the first quarter to the second quarter of
2016, reflecting higher crude oil prices. Many companies improved operating efficiency, reduced costs, and improved their
balance sheets as crude oil prices stabilized. Higher prices also provided the opportunity for these companies to hedge
future production at more favorable price levels, with recent price increases likely encouraging additional hedging activity.
Capital expenditures at these companies also rose in the second quarter from the first quarter, the only quarter-over-quarter
increase since 2014. Even last year, when higher oil prices in the spring and summer also led to increased cash flow, these
companies were still reducing capital expenditures. Rising active rig counts implied renewed drilling across U.S. basins, and
several merger and acquisition announcements suggest that some companies were actively expanding investment budgets in the
second quarter of this year.  Even though the EIA is forecasting short-term production declines, they expect production
to begin to rise in late 2017 due to rig and well productivity improvements, forecasted crude oil price increases, and
declining drilling and completion costs. 

According to the NDIC Department of Mineral
Resources October edition of the Director s Cut publication, there were 33 active drilling rigs in North Dakota as of October
13, 2016, down from the all-time high of 218 in May 2012. The publication goes on to support the EIA s recent assertions
by stating,  Operators remain committed to running the minimum number of rigs while oil prices remain below $60/barrel WTI.
The number of well completions rose from 44 in July to 59 (preliminary) in August. Oil price weakness is the primary reason for
the slow-down and is now anticipated to last into at least the fourth quarter of this year and perhaps into the second quarter
of 2017.  The publication adds,  Operators have a significant permit inventory should a return to the drilling price
point occur in the next 12 months.  

The price at which crude oil trades in
the open market has experienced significant volatility and will likely continue to fluctuate in the foreseeable future due to a
variety of influences including, but not limited to, the following: 

domestic and foreign demand for crude oil by both refineries and end users;   

the introduction of alternative forms of fuel to replace or compete with crude oil;   

domestic and foreign reserves and supply of crude oil;   

competitive measures implemented by our competitors and domestic and foreign governmental bodies;   

political climates in nations that traditionally produce and export significant quantities of crude
oil (including military and other conflicts in the Middle East and surrounding geographic region) and regulations and tariffs imposed
by exporting and importing nations;   

weather conditions; and   

domestic and foreign economic volatility and stability.   

As of August 2016, North Dakota ranked
second in the United States behind only Texas in terms of crude oil production, but the lack of capacity within the trunk pipelines
and lack of geographical flexibility to serve many potential markets is driving competition within the crude oil transloading and
storage industry. According to the North Dakota Pipeline Authority, as of August 2016, the crude by rail industry was transporting
approximately 29% of the total crude oil takeaway, which was down from 47% as of August 2015. This competition is expected to become
increasingly intense as production continues to decrease, margins tighten, and new pipelines are approved. On July 26, 2016, the
Army Corps of Engineers gave their final approval to the Dakota Access pipeline, which will stretch more than 1,150 miles from
North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa and into Illinois where it will terminate near Patoka, Illinois. The pipeline will transport
approximately 450,000 barrels of crude oil per day and have a maximum capacity of approximately 570,000 barrels of crude oil per
day. It is expected to be operational by the end of 2016, which will result in the total pipeline takeaway capacity equaling or
exceeding current crude oil production levels in North Dakota. Even if this does occur, railroads provide much more than just transportation
capacity. They allow energy market participants to quickly shift deliveries to different markets, enabling producers to offer the
most attractive price when they sell their product to the market. The rail industry has recognized this competitive advantage,
as evidenced by the expenditure of billions of dollars on rail infrastructure and equipment in recent years. 

17   

Results of Operations  

The following tables illustrate the statements
of operations by operating segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

18   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015   

We experienced net income of $16.1 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net loss of $21.2 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by a $20.1 million gain realized from a revaluation
of the Operational Override liability due to a material change in the estimated future volumes used to calculate its fair value
and a $1.9 million reduction in total operating expenses due to recently implemented cost management initiatives. These gains were
partially offset by the loss from operations resulting from decreases in both total barrels of crude oil transloaded and price
per barrel as well as the interest expense recognized on the outstanding promissory notes. The net loss for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 was driven by the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets of approximately $26.2 million, which
was partially offset by the gain realized from a revaluation of the Operational Override liability due to a decrease in the estimated
future volume used to calculate the fair value of the liability and improved operating efficiencies in the crude oil and frac sand
transloading entities. 

Dakota Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC
( DPTS ) experienced a net loss of $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
net income of $1.8 million for the same period of 2015. The decrease in net income was driven by an 76% decrease in revenue
from crude oil transloading but was partially offset by a 39% decrease in cost of revenue. Total revenue from crude oil transloading
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.2 million, compared to $5.1 million for the same period of 2015. The decrease
in revenue was driven by continued downward pressure on the domestic crude oil market leading to depressed crude oil prices, a
decrease in total crude oil production in North Dakota, and a decrease in the percent of total production being moved via rail.
The aforementioned factors lead to a 24% decrease in revenue per barrel transloaded and a 68% decrease in volume as DPTS transloaded
1.5 million barrels of crude oil (16,000 barrels per day) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 4.6 million
barrels of crude oil (50,000 barrels per day) during the same period of 2015. Total cost of revenue related to crude oil transloading
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.8 million, compared to $1.3 million for the same period of 2015. The
39% decrease was the result of transloading fewer barrels of crude oil and cost management initiatives such as bringing the transloading
services in-house. 

The net income of DPTS Sand, LLC for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.8 million, compared to $0.9 million for the same period of 2015. Revenue
from frac sand transloading was $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.0 million
for the same period of 2015. Cost of revenue related to frac sand transloading was $0.1 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. The decrease in revenue was driven by a 21% decrease in volume as DPTS Sand, LLC transloaded 110,000
short tons of frac sand during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared, to 141,000 short tons of frac sand during the
same period of 2015. 

19   

Effective November 30, 2014, we acquired
the remaining ownership interest in DPTSM from Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC ( PTS ) and immediately discontinued
the purchase and sale of crude oil. We initially planned to maintain the fleet of rail cars with the intent to sublease and/or
utilize them in our operations if the need arose but have since returned the rail cars to Western Petroleum Company ( Western
Petroleum ) and commenced a lawsuit against Western Petroleum, asserting claims for fraud in the inducement, reckless misrepresentation,
tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, breach of contract, unjust enrichment, and declaratory judgment relating
to railcar sublease agreements signed between the parties (see Note 12 to the Financial Statements). 

Interest expense was $2.7 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.1 million for the same period of 2015. The increase was driven
by an increase in the amortization of finance costs resulting from the refinancing of debt with SunTrust Bank and the increased
interest expense on the outstanding promissory notes due to additional borrowings and an increase in interest rates including the
addition of default and paid-in-kind interest. The increases were partially offset by the decrease in interest expense related
to the Operational Override liability resulting from the reductions in fair value recorded in the three months ended September
30, 2015 and the three months ended March 31, 2016. 

The change in Operational Override liability
was $20.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.0 million for the same period of 2015. The increase
in the change in Operational Override liability was due to an additional reduction in the long-term estimated daily crude oil transloading
volume used to calculate the fair value of the liability recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016. As reported
in the Annual Energy Outlook 2016 dated August 2016 ( AEO2016 ), the U.S. Energy Information Administration (the  EIA )
forecasts total U.S. crude oil production to decline from 9.4 million barrels per day in 2015 to 8.6 million barrels per day in
2017. The publication goes on to state,  The Bakken, Western Gulf Basin (including the Eagle Ford play), and Permian Basin
lead the continued development of tight oil resources in the Lower 48 states in the Reference case. With the recent decline in
oil prices, tight oil production shows the largest reduction, from 4.9 million b/d in 2015 to 4.2 million b/d in 2017.  The
significant decline in our crude oil transloading volume during the second and third quarters of 2016 supports these sentiments
as we transloaded 1.3 million barrels of crude oil (14,000 barrels per day) during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 1.5
million barrels of crude oil (16,000 barrels per day) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 4.4 million
barrels of crude oil (47,000 barrels per day) during the three months ended December 31, 2015 and 2.7 million barrels of crude
oil (30,000 barrels per day) during the three months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of the continued downward pressure on the
crude oil market from macro-economic factors and the material decrease in the actual barrels transloaded to date in 2016, we adjusted
our long-term volume forecast during the third quarter of 2016. The change in Operational Override liability for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 was $10.0 million, which also represented a decrease in the long-term estimated daily crude oil transloading
volume used to calculate the fair value of the liability. 

We did not have a provision for income
taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to the valuation allowance placed on the net deferred tax asset in 2015.
The valuation allowance also caused the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 to be different than the
federal statutory rate of 35%.  We had a provision for income taxes of $29.2 million and an effective tax rate of 363.4%
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which differed from federal statutory tax rate of 35% due to the valuation allowance,
permanent differences and state tax rates. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015   

We experienced net income of $11.0 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net loss of $21.6 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by a $26.9 million gain realized from the
revaluation of the Operational Override liability due to a material change in the estimated future volumes used to calculate its
fair value and a $1.9 million reduction in total operating expenses due to recently implemented cost management initiatives. The
aforementioned gain and cost reductions were partially offset by the loss from operations resulting from decreases in both total
barrels of crude oil and total tons of frac sand transloaded, a decrease in the price per barrel of crude oil transloaded, an increase
the interest expense recognized on the outstanding promissory notes, and the recognition of $1.3 million of bad debt expense and
$1.1 million in legal fees related to the Settlement Agreement (see Note 11 to the Financial Statements). The net loss for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 was driven by the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets of approximately $26.2 million,
which was partially offset by improved operating efficiencies in the crude oil and frac sand transloading entities and the gain
realized from a revaluation of the Operational Override liability due to a material change in the estimated future cash outflows
used to calculate the fair value of the liability. 

20   

Dakota Petroleum Transport
Solutions, LLC ( DPTS ) experienced a net loss of $4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to net income of $9.3 million for the same period of 2015. The decrease in net income was driven by a 76%
decrease in revenue from crude oil transloading and the recognition of $1.3 million of bad debt expense related to the
Settlement Agreement but was partially offset by a 44% decrease in cost of revenue. Total revenue from crude oil transloading
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.8 million, compared to $19.4 million for the same period of 2015. The
decrease in revenue was driven by continued downward pressure on the domestic crude oil market leading to depressed crude oil
prices, a decrease in total crude oil production in North Dakota, and a decrease in the percent of total crude oil production
being moved via rail. The aforementioned factors lead to a 44% decrease in revenue per barrel transloaded and a 56% decrease
in volume as DPTS transloaded 5.5 million barrels of crude oil (20,000 barrels per day) during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to 12.4 million barrels of crude oil (45,000 barrels per day) during the same period of 2015.
Total cost of revenue related to crude oil transloading for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$2.7 million, compared to $4.9 million for the same period of 2015. The 44% decrease resulted from transloading fewer
barrels of crude oil during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and bringing the transloading services in-house during
the second quarter of 2015. 

The net income of DPTS Sand, LLC for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.9 million, compared to $2.3 million for the same period of 2015. Revenue
from frac sand transloading was $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.4 million
for the same period of 2015. Cost of revenue related to frac sand transloading was $0.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $1.1 million for the same period of 2015. The decreases in both revenue and cost of revenue
were primarily driven by a 40% decrease in volume as DPTS Sand, LLC transloaded 266,000 short tons of frac sand during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 446,000 short tons of frac sand during the same period of 2015. The decrease
in cost of revenue was also driven by bringing the transloading services in-house during the second quarter of 2015. 

As previously noted, effective November
30, 2014, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in DPTSM from PTS and immediately discontinued the purchase and sale of
crude oil. We initially planned to maintain the fleet of rail cars with the intent to sublease and/or utilize them in our operations
if the need arose but have since returned the rail cars to Western Petroleum and commenced a lawsuit against Western Petroleum,
asserting claims for fraud in the inducement, reckless misrepresentation, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage,
breach of contract, unjust enrichment, and declaratory judgment relating to railcar sublease agreements signed between the parties
(see Note 12 to the Financial Statements).  

Interest expense was $7.1 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6.0 million for the same period of 2015. The increase was driven
by an increase in the amortization of finance costs resulting from the refinancing of debt with SunTrust Bank and the increased
interest expense on the outstanding promissory notes due to additional borrowings and an increase in interest rates including the
addition of default and paid-in-kind interest. The increases were partially offset by the decrease in interest expense related
to the Operational Override liability resulting from the reductions in fair value recorded in the third quarter of 2015 and the
first quarter of 2016. 

The change in Operational Override
liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $26.9 million, compared to $10.5 million for the same period
of 2015. The increase in the change in Operational Override liability was due to additional reductions in the long-term
estimated daily crude oil transloading volume used to calculate the fair value of the liability recognized during the first
and third quarters of 2016. As reported in the Annual Energy Outlook 2016 dated August 2016 ( AEO2016 ), the U.S.
Energy Information Administration (the  EIA ) forecasts total U.S. crude oil production to decline from 9.4
million barrels per day in 2015 to 8.6 million barrels per day in 2017. The   publication goes on to state,  The
Bakken, Western Gulf Basin (including the Eagle Ford play), and Permian Basin lead the continued development of tight oil
resources in the Lower 48 states in the Reference case. With the recent decline in oil prices, tight oil production shows the
largest reduction, from 4.9 million b/d in 2015 to 4.2 million b/d in 2017.  The significant decline in our crude oil
transloading volume in 2016 supports these sentiments as we transloaded an average of 30,000 barrels per day during the three
months ended March 31, 2016, 14,000 barrels per day during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 16,000 barrels per day
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to an average transloading volume of 46,000 barrels per day in
2015. As a result of the continued downward pressure on the crude oil market from macro-economic factors and the material
decrease in the actual barrels transloaded to date in 2016, we adjusted our long-term volume forecast during the third
quarter of 2016. 

We did not have a provision for income
taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the valuation allowance placed on the net deferred tax asset in 2015.
The valuation allowance also caused the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to be different than the
federal statutory rate of 35%. We had a provision for income taxes of $29.0 million and an effective tax rate of 388.4%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which differed from federal statutory tax rate of 35% due to the valuation allowance,
permanent differences and state tax rates. 

21   

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

We define Adjusted EBITDA as
net income (loss) before (i) interest expense, (ii) income taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) non-cash
expenses relating to share-based amounts recognized under ASC Topic 718, and (v) non-cash changes related to the Operational
Override liability. Adjusted EBITDA was $(0.3) million and $(4.5) million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to $2.0 million and $8.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, respectively. The decrease in 2016 Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the loss from operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 resulting from decreases in both total barrels of crude oil and total short tons of frac sand
transloaded, a decrease in the price per barrel of crude oil transloaded, the recognition of $1.4 million of bad debt expense, and a $1.1 million increase in legal fees
primarily related to the now completed, and previously disclosed, Lac M gantic litigation. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial
measure as defined by the SEC and is derived from net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated
in accordance with GAAP. We believe presenting Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to our investors in order to gain an
overall understanding of our current financial performance. Specifically, management believes the non-GAAP financial measure included
herein provides useful information to investors by excluding certain expenses that are not indicative of our operating results.
In addition, certain covenants in the Credit Agreement require the use of Adjusted EBITDA. Therefore, management uses Adjusted
EBITDA for budgeting and forecasting as well as subsequently measuring its performance and believes it provides investors with
a financial measure that most closely aligns with its internal measurement processes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal sources of liquidity are
cash and cash equivalents, a $59.0 million revolving credit and term loan agreement with SunTrust Bank ( SunTrust ),
and our additional financing capacity, which is dependent on capital and credit market conditions and our financial performance.
Our cash and cash equivalents were approximately $0.8 million at September 30, 2016. The cash for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 was primarily generated by the results of operations of DPTS Sand, LLC, additional borrowings on the revolving credit and
term loan agreement, and the release and receipt of a portion of our previously restricted cash. The cash inflows were offset by
the DPTS operating loss and our payments related to the principal and interest on the SunTrust debt and general and administrative
expenses. 

We had no available borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Facility with SunTrust at September 30, 2016. We are focused on increasing the throughput and reducing the expenses
at the transloading facility, but the decline in crude oil prices and contraction of the price spread between Brent and WTI has
materially reduced the revenues that we are able to generate from our transloading operations, which, in turn, has negatively affected
our working capital and income (loss) from operations. The potential for future crude oil prices to remain at their current low
levels raises substantial doubt about our ability to meet our obligations when they come due and continue as a going concern. As
a result, we are considering whether to seek bankruptcy protection. 

As stated above, the EIA recently reduced
their domestic crude oil production forecast. Despite the decline in demand and pricing for its services, we continue to pursue
a number of actions including (i) actively engaging in discussions with SunTrust Bank focused on restructuring the existing
promissory notes, (ii) minimizing capital expenditures, (iii) reducing general and administrative expenses, (iv) managing
the operating costs at the transloading facility and (v) considering bankruptcy protection. We have engaged an advisor to assist
with recapitalizing or restructuring our Company. These efforts continue in earnest, but we can provide no assurance that (x) our
efforts will result in sufficient liquidity to satisfy our obligations as they come due or the ability to continue as a going concern
or (y) we will not be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. 

Cash Flows   

Our cash flows depend, to a large degree,
on the level of spending by oil companies on development and production activities. Sustained increases or decreases in the price
of crude oil could have a material impact on these activities and could also materially affect our cash flows. Certain sources
and uses of cash, such as the level of discretionary capital expenditures, purchases and sales of investments, issuances and repurchases
of debt and of common shares are within our control and are adjusted as necessary, based on market conditions. 

22   

Cash Flows Used In Operating Activities  

Net cash used in operating activities totaled
$3.8 million and $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, or an increase in
cash used of approximately $0.9 million. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the loss from
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was partially offset by collections on accounts receivable and an
increase in accrued expenses. 

Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities totaled
$0.3 million and $4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease
of $4.0 million was due to a decrease in cash paid for property and equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Cash Flows Provided By Financing Activities  

Cash flows provided by financing activities
totaled $3.0 million and $4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease
in cash provided of $1.2 million was primarily driven by an increase in principal payments made on the promissory notes and
a decrease in additional borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received cash flows from financing activities of $3.0 million related to the release of
the previously restricted cash as part of the Settlement Agreement and $1.5 million of additional borrowings under the Revolving
Loan Facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received cash flows from financing activities of $5.0 million
related to additional borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

There have been no material changes to
our interest rates or foreign currency risk since December 31, 2015. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015 for a discussion of those risks. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures.    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by
this report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief
executive officer and interim chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )).
Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in applicable rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that
occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our
internal control over financial reporting. 

23   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings.    

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., Craig McKenzie and Jim Thornton  

Ryan R. Gilbertson v. Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., Craig
McKenzie and Jim Thornton  

On September 23, 2016, Ryan R. Gilbertson
commenced a Minnesota state court lawsuit against Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. and Messrs. McKenzie and Thornton, individually,
asserting breach of contract, declaratory judgment, fraud in the inducement, common law fraud and unjust enrichment relating to
a note restructuring by our Company in December 2013 and for failing to provide indemnification. On October 4, 2016, Mr. Gilbertson
filed a motion for temporary restraining order and temporary injunction as well as a motion for speedy hearing. On October 13,
2016, our Company filed its answer denying Mr. Gilbertson s allegations and a counterclaim asserting fraud in the inducement
and unjust enrichment against Mr. Gilbertson. A hearing on the motion for temporary restraining order and temporary injunction
was held on October 18, 2016. On November 1, 2016, the court denied Mr. Gilbertson s motion for injunctive relief. 

Dakota Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC  

Dakota Petroleum Transport Solutions, LLC v. World Fuel Services,
Inc.  

On October 13, 2015, Dakota Petroleum Transport
Solutions, LLC ( DPTS ) commenced a Minnesota state court lawsuit against World Fuel Services, Inc., asserting claims
for breach of contract and unjust enrichment relating to unpaid fees and costs for crude oil transloading services (the  Transloading
Case ). On November 2, 2015, World Fuel Services, Inc. answered the complaint and filed a motion to consolidate the action
with the lawsuit commenced by DPTS Marketing LLC ( DPTSM ) against Western Petroleum Company, which was denied. World
Fuel Services, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss for improper venue arguing that the case should be heard in New York. On April 1,
2016, the court granted that motion, finding that the governing contracts required the case to be litigated in New York. It dismissed
the case without prejudice. On April 19, 2016, DPTS re-filed the case in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York. On May 25, 2016, World Fuel Services, Inc. filed an answer to the DPTS complaint, and a pretrial conference is scheduled
for November 14, 2016. 

DPTS Marketing LLC  

DPTS Marketing LLC v. Western Petroleum Company  

On October 13, 2015, DPTSM commenced a
Minnesota state court lawsuit against Western Petroleum Company ( Western Petroleum ), asserting claims for fraud in
the inducement, reckless misrepresentation, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, breach of contract, unjust
enrichment, and declaratory judgment relating to railcar sublease agreements signed between the parties. In initial motion practice,
Western Petroleum moved to consolidate this case with the Transloading Case. The motion to consolidate was denied on December 29,
2015. Western Petroleum also moved to dismiss DPTSM s claims, which the court denied on May 16, 2016. Following the court s
order denying Western Petroleum s motion to dismiss, Western Petroleum filed its answer and a counterclaim for breach of
contract against DPTSM. DPTSM filed a reply to that counterclaim denying any liability, and the pleadings were closed on June 15,
2016.  The parties have exchanged some document discovery, but no depositions have taken place. 

On July 8, 2016, the court entered an order
upon the agreement of the parties staying all proceedings until September 6, 2016. By order dated September 13, 2016, the stay
was extended through October 21, 2016. On October 25, 2016, the Court again extended the stay through December 2, 2016. On or before
that date, the parties are obligated to provide an update about the status of the case, and in the event that the action is still
active after that date, the parties will meet and confer, and the court will issue an amended scheduling order based on the parties 
stipulation and on the court s scheduling requirements. 

Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.; Dakota
Plains Transloading, LLC; Dakota Plains Sand, LLC; Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC; DPTS Marketing, LLC; Dakota Petroleum Transport
Solutions, LLC; and DPTS Sand, LLC  

World Fuel Services Corporation v. Dakota Plains Holdings,
Inc.; Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC; Dakota Plains Sand, LLC; Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC; DPTS Marketing, LLC; Dakota Petroleum
Transport Solutions, LLC; and DPTS Sand, LLC  

On April 13, 2016, World Fuel Services
Corporation ( WFS ) filed an action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
the above-referenced Dakota Plains entities (the  DAKP Parties ). The suit alleges claims for breach of a Guaranty
Agreement and a Joinder Agreement. WFS seeks damages of at least $2,025,690 for the alleged failure to make an  operational
override  payment, and an additional netted amount of $3,492,747 for the alleged failure to make railcar sublease payments.
On May 25, 2016, the DAKP Parties filed a motion to dismiss the complaint; WFS has until November 7, 2016 to file its opposition
to the motion to dismiss. A pretrial conference is scheduled for November 18, 2016. 

24   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors.    

Our business is subject to a number of
risks, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully
consider the factors discussed in Item 1A    Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity and that could cause our operating results to vary significantly from period
to period. As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K, except as stated below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results in the
future. 

If we are unable to repay or refinance
our existing and potential future debt as it becomes due, we may be unable to continue as a going concern.    

Our existing and potential future debt
agreements threaten our ability to continue as a going concern as interest payments become due and the debt matures. If we fail
to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness or fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants
contained in the Credit Facility or other agreements governing our indebtedness, an event of default would result, which would
permit acceleration of such debt and would permit our secured lender to foreclose on any of our assets securing such debt. Any
accelerated debt would be immediately due and payable. While we will continue to pursue actions to minimize the risk of a default,
including cost reductions, refinancing indebtedness prior to its maturity and extending maturity, there can be no assurance that
these actions will be sufficient to avoid or cure a default, in which case we may be forced to sell all or a portion of our Company
or its assets or seek protection under state or federal bankruptcy laws. 

There is substantial doubt in our
ability to maintain adequate liquidity.   

The substantial reduction in crude oil
prices has lowered our forecasted transloading volumes and, consequently, our forecasted cash from operations.  We may not
be able to generate sufficient cash or otherwise have the liquidity to meet our anticipated working capital, debt service and other
liquidity needs. We believe that our forecasted cash will not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as they come due unless
we are able to obtain funds from a third party source on acceptable terms. 

We have engaged a consultant to assist
with reviewing all available options. These efforts continue in earnest, and we are considering all available strategic alternatives
and financing possibilities.  We cannot assure you that any of these efforts will result in terms acceptable to us or, if
such transaction(s) occur, that they will result in sufficient cost reductions or additional cash flows to continue our operations. 
We also cannot be certain of the timing of any such transactions or their resulting benefits, if any. If we are not successful
in the foregoing efforts or if we are otherwise restricted from satisfying our scheduled debt service obligations, the resulting
default would have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and cash flows and could jeopardize
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our current financial condition and
decline in crude oil prices have adversely affected our business operations and our business prospects.    

Our current financial condition and the
decline in crude oil prices, along with the contraction of the spread between Brent and WTI and resulting uncertainty, have been
disruptive to our business. Management has devoted substantial time and attention to improving our financial condition, thereby
reducing its focus on operating the business.  We may also lose employees as a result of uncertainties related to our financial
condition.  Further, our current financial condition and resulting uncertainty may cause operating partners to terminate their
relationships with us or to tighten credit. These developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

The price of our common stock may
fluctuate significantly  . 

The market price of our common stock is
subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results and market conditions
specific to our business. Furthermore, in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations.
This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in
our industry. The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. As
such, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us, and these fluctuations
could materially reduce the price of our common stock and materially affect the value of your investment. 

25   

Our common stock is eligible for
quotation on the over-the-counter-market and not listed on any national securities exchange.   

As of July 11, 2016, our shares of
common stock ceased to be listed on the NYSE MKT and automatically became eligible for quotation on the over-the-counter markets
under the symbol  DAKP.  Despite eligibility for quotation, no assurance can be given that any market for our common
stock will be maintained. Quotation on the over-the-counter markets is generally understood to be a less active, and therefore
less liquid trading market than other types of markets such as a national securities exchange. In comparison to a listing on a
national securities exchange, quotation on the over-the-counter markets is expected to have an adverse effect on the liquidity
of shares of our common stock, both in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through
delays in the timing of transactions and reduction in analyst and media coverage. This may result in lower prices for our common
stock than might otherwise be obtained and could also result in a larger spread between the bid and ask prices for our common stock. 

Our common stock is a  penny
stock,  which may make it difficult to sell shares of our common stock.   

Our common stock is categorized as a  penny
stock  as defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act and is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act.
Under this rule, broker-dealers who sell penny stocks must, among other things, provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized
risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. Under applicable regulations, our common stock will generally remain a  penny
stock  until and for such time as its per-share price is $5.00 or more (as determined in accordance with SEC regulations),
or until we meet certain net asset or revenue thresholds. These thresholds include the possession of net tangible assets (i.e.,
total assets less intangible assets and liabilities) in excess of $2 million or average revenues equal to at least $6 million
for each of the last three years. 

The penny-stock rules substantially limit
the liquidity of securities in the secondary market, and many brokers choose not to participate in penny-stock transactions. As
a result, there is generally less trading in penny stocks. If you become a holder of our common stock, you may not always be able
to resell shares of our common stock in a public broker s transaction, if at all, at the times and prices that you feel are
fair or appropriate. 

The protection provided by the federal
securities laws relating to forward-looking statements does not apply to us. The lack of this protection could harm us in the event
of an adverse outcome in a legal proceeding relating to forward-looking statements made by us.   

Although federal securities laws provide
a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this
safe harbor is not available to certain issuers, including penny stock issuers. We believe we are not currently eligible for the
statutory safe harbor included in the Exchange. As a result, we will not have the benefit of this statutory safe harbor protection
in the event of certain legal actions based upon forward-looking statements. The lack of this protection in a contested proceeding
could harm our financial condition and, ultimately, the value of our common stock. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

Under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, employees and directors
may elect for our Company to withhold shares to satisfy minimum statutory federal, state and local tax withholding obligations
arising from the grant, vesting and/or settlement of equity awards, including stock awards, restricted stock awards and settled
restricted stock units. No such shares were withheld during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information.    

None. 

26   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits.    

Unless otherwise indicated, all documents
incorporated herein by reference to a document filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act are located under SEC file number
001-36493.   

3.1  
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended through March 23, 2012  (1)    

3.2  
      Composite Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended through September 8, 2016  (2)    

3.3  
      Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.  (3)    

4.1  
      Rights Agreement dated as of January 24, 2016 between Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. and Interwest Transfer Company, Inc., as Rights Agent  (4)    

10.1  
      Amendment No. 3 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement and One Time Waiver Of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements, dated July 5, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  (5)    

10.2  
      Amendment No. 4 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement and One Time Waiver Of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements, dated August 5, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  (6)    

10.3  
      Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  (7)    

10.4  
      Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  (8)    

31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

31.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

32  
      Section 1350 Certifications   

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL  
      XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

27   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:  
      November 7, 2016  
       
       DAKOTA PLAINS HOLDINGS, INC.    

By  
      /s/ Martin J. Beskow   

Martin J. Beskow   

Chief Financial Officer   

(on behalf of registrant and as principal financial and accounting officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Manner of Filing    
 
      3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended through March 23, 2012  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      3.2  
       
      Composite Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended through September 8, 2016  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      3.3  
       
      Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      4.1  
       
      Rights Agreement dated as of January 24, 2016 between Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc. and Interwest Transfer Company, Inc., as Rights Agent  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      10.1  
       
      Amendment No. 3 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement and One Time Waiver Of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements, dated July 5, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      10.2  
       
      Amendment No. 4 to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement and One Time Waiver Of Revolving Loan Borrowing Requirements, dated August 5, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      10.3  
       
      Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      10.4  
       
      Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among Dakota Plains Transloading, LLC, Dakota Plains Sand, LLC, Dakota Plains Marketing, LLC, Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders  
       
      Incorporated by Reference   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      32  
       
      Section 1350 Certifications  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  
       
      Filed Electronically   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  
       
      Filed Electronically   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dakota163772_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULE13A-14(A)

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION   
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Gabriel G. Claypool, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ Gabriel G. Claypool   

Gabriel G. Claypool   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dakota163772_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO RULE13A-14(A)

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION   
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Martin J. Beskow, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ Martin J. Beskow   

Martin J. Beskow   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 dakota163772_ex32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATIONS   
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned officers, Gabriel G. Claypool,
Chief Executive Officer of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), and Martin J. Beskow,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
(the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended; and   

(b)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:   
      November 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Gabriel G. Claypool   

Gabriel G. Claypool   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date:   
      November 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Martin J. Beskow   

Martin J. Beskow   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dakp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dakp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dakp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dakp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dakp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dakp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

