<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-K-A_edgar_data_1424768_0001493152-16-014609_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>968505</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151496</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>33906</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>675684</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>80</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014609.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108153802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014609
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VYCOR MEDICAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				203369218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34932
		FILM NUMBER:		161981147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			BOCA RATON,
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		562.558.2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			BOCA RATON,
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014609.txt : 20161108

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

Form
10-K   

  First
Amendment  

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015   

   Or   

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________   

Commission
file number:  333-149782    

VYCOR
MEDICAL, INC.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)  

Delaware  
         
      20-3369218   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

6401
Congress Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487  

  (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

Registrant s
telephone Number: (561) 558-2000  

  Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:  

  Common
Stock par value $.0001  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [  ]
Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [  ]
Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [  ] Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer ,  non-accelerated
filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    Accelerated Filer [  ]   
         
      Accelerated
    Filer [  ]    

Non-accelerated
    Filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
         
      Smaller
    Reporting Company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [  ]
No  

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. $8,397,712 (assuming $1.32 per share)  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
10,937,250 shares of common stock par value $0.0001 as of March 25, 2016  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  NONE  

Explanatory
Note   

The
purpose of this Amendment No. 1 to Vycor Medical Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
(the  Form 10-K ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016, is to amend Item 9A (Controls
and Procedures) to revise our disclosures with respect to internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.  

No
other changes have been made to the Form 10-K. This Amendment No. 1 to the Form 10-K continues to speak as of the original filing
date of the Form 10-K, does not reflect events that may have occurred subsequent to the original filing date, and does not modify
or update in any way the disclosures made in the original Form 10-K.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART
    I   

Item
    1.  
       Business   
      3   
 
      Item
    1A  
       Risk
    Factors   
      11    
 
      Item
    1B  
       Unresolved
    Staff Comments   
     11  
 
      Item
    2.  
       Properties   
     11  
 
      Item
    3.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
     11  
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
     11  

PART
    II   

Item
    5.  
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities   
     12  
 
      Item
    6  
       Selected
    Financial Data   
     14  
 
      Item
    7.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation   
     14  
 
      Item
    7A  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     17  
 
      Item
    8.  
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data   
     17  
 
      Item
    9.  
       Changes
    In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
     38  
 
      Item
    9A.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
     38  
 
      Item
    9B.  
       Other
    Information   
     39  

PART
    III   

Item
    10.  
       Directors,
    Executive Officers, Promoters and Corporate Governance   
     40  
 
      Item
    11.  
       Executive
    Compensation   
     42  
 
      Item
    12.   
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
     45 

Item
    13.  
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
     46  
 
      Item
    14.  
       Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services   
     46  

PART
    IV   

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules   
     46  

SIGNATURES   
      47   

PART
I    

This
Form 10-K contains some forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (a) our
projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategies, (c) anticipated trends in our industries, (d) our future
financing plans and (e) our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words  may, 
 will,   should,   anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential, 
 projects,   continuing,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes, 
 we believe,   we intend  or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable
terminology. These statements may be found under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations  and  Business,  as well as in this Form 10-K generally. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions, prospective products or product approvals, future performance or results of current and
anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, and financial results.  

Any
or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions
we might make or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual
future results may vary materially as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under  Risk
Factors  and matters described in this Form 10-K generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements.   

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information,
future events, or otherwise.  

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS.   

1.
Organizational History   

The
Company was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of New York on June 17, 2005 as  Vycor Medical
LLC . On August 14, 2007, we converted into a Delaware corporation and changed our name to  Vycor Medical, Inc. .
The Company s listing went effective on February 2009 and on November 29, 2010 Vycor completed the acquisition of substantially
all of the assets of NovaVision, Inc. ( NovaVision ) and on January 4, 2012 Vycor, through its wholly-owned NovaVision
subsidiary, completed the acquisition of all the shares of Sight Science Limited ( Sight Science ), a previous competitor
to NovaVision.  

2.
Overview of Business   

Vycor
is dedicated to providing the medical community with innovative and superior surgical and therapeutic solutions and operates two
distinct business units within the medical industry. Vycor Medical designs, develops and markets medical devices for use in neurosurgery.
NovaVision provides non-invasive rehabilitation therapies for those who have vision disorders resulting from neurological brain
damage such as that caused by a stroke.  

Both
businesses adopt a minimally or non-invasive approach. Both technologies have strong sales growth potential, address large potential
markets and have the requisite regulatory approvals. The Company has 46 issued or allowed patents and a further 13 pending. The
Company leverages joint resources across the divisions to operate in a cost-efficient manner.  

In
addition to our existing products and products in development we actively seek acquisition, joint venture and in-licensing opportunities
in the medical device field which we believe are complementary, can benefit from our existing infrastructure and will add shareholder
value.  

Vycor
Medical    

Introduction   

Vycor
Medical designs, develops and markets medical devices for use in neurosurgery. Vycor Medical s ViewSite Brain Access System
( VBAS ) is a next generation retraction and access system that was fully commercialized in early 2010 and is the
first significant technological change to brain tissue retraction in over 50 years in contrast to significant development in most
other neuro-surgical technologies. Vycor Medical is ISO 13485:2003 compliant, and VBAS has U.S. FDA 510(k) clearance and CE Marking
for Europe (Class III) for brain and spine surgeries, full regulatory approvals in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Korea and
Japan and is seeking or has partial regulatory approvals in India, Russia, Taiwan and Vietnam.  

Vycor
Medical s Products   

VBAS    

To
access a surgical site in the brain, a surgeon usually needs to remove part of the skull (craniotomy) and then make an entry incision
in the outer protective brain tissue (corticotomy); the soft brain tissue is then parted (retracted) to access the targeted site.
The current standard of care, the blade retractor, utilizes a metal blade retractor to pull the tissue apart; to maintain the
opening the blades are attached to a head frame and parting tension is applied to the tissue. In a typical procedure 2 or more
blades are used.  

Many
clinical studies have shown that retractors can cause excessive pressure on brain tissues, resulting in damage and a prolonged
patient recovery. The incidence of contusions (tissue injuries) or infarctions (blockage of blood supply) from brain retraction
is as great as 5-10%.  

Vycor s
VBAS is a significant improvement over current technologies for accessing regions within the brain. A disposable product that
can be used with microscopic, endoscopic and neuro-navigation systems (IGS), the VBAS includes an introducer and working channel.
Available in multiple sizes, the current series consists of 12 disposable products, offered in four different port (working channel)
diameters of 12mm, 17mm, 21mm, and 28 mm and a choice of three lengths: 3cm, 5cm, and 7cm; two new sizes with diameters of 6mm
and lengths of 5cm and 7cm were introduced in March 2016. The surgeon makes a smaller corticotomy, inserts the clear, elliptical-shaped
VBAS introducer through the brain tissue, removes the introducer and is left with a clear hollow working channel to provide access
to the precise location desired for surgery.  

VBAS 
clinical advantages are supported by a number of leading peer-reviewed articles (see  Peer Review and Other Clinical Studies) .
Clinical benefits cited include: minimally invasive shape and less invasive procedure; resultant reduction of pressure on the
brain; improved visual field; improved working channel; and more accurate target access. Management also believes, from anecdotal
surgeon feedback, that although a disposable product VBAS offers potential cost savings from shorter operating theater time and
reduced post-operative recovery time.  

The
Market For Vycor Medical s VBAS Product   

VBAS
is used for craniotomy procedures. Based on statistics from the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS), management
estimates 700,000 such procedures are performed in the US annually. Of this, management believe approximately 200,000 (28 percent)
are addressable by the VBAS range currently, with another 125,000 (total of 325,000 or 46 percent) addressable by an expanded
future range. Management estimates, for the global market, there exists a current addressable market of approximately 1,000,000
procedures with another 600,000 addressable by an expanded VBAS range.  

Competition   

The
VBAS device is both a brain access system and a retractor and is therefore unique with no direct competitors. Competitive manufacturers
of brain retractors include Cardinal Health (V. Mueller line), Aesculap, Integra Life Science and Codman (Division of Johnson
  Johnson). Nico Corporation has a brain access device specifically designed to work with its Myriad resection and suction
product.  

Sales
and Marketing   

Domestic    

According
to the American Board of Neurological Surgery (ABNS), there are approximately 3,500 neurosurgeons in the US, providing a well-defined
target audience. Vycor Medical s sales channels are to stocking regional distributors and direct to hospitals through independent
representatives, all of whom have existing relationships with neurosurgeons and provide an experienced and efficient distribution
infrastructure without the need for a large and costly dedicated Vycor regional sales team. The distributors and representatives
are supported by Vycor Medical Sales, Marketing and Customer Service.  

Vycor
Medical has found that the learning curve is only 1-2 cases for surgeons, who like the simplicity of design and ease of use after
trialing the product. However, Hospital Administration is required to approve the purchase of a new product and sometimes even
a trial or evaluation of the product in the hospital by the neurosurgeon and this is one of the key barriers to the speed of adoption
as this process can take several months.  

International
Sales    

Vycor
Medical utilizes select medical device distributors with experience in neurosurgical devices in their countries or regions. Vycor
Medical has regulatory approvals for VBAS in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe (Class III), Korea and Japan and is seeking
or has partial regulatory approvals in India, Russia, Taiwan and Vietnam with distribution agreements in place or being sought.  

Peer
Review and Other Clinical Studies   

The
publication of clinical papers in neurosurgery journals by surgeon-users of VBAS regarding their experiences with the products
(peer review papers), and the publication of other clinical data, is important for Vycor Medical. Such papers continue to evidence
the clinical superiority of VBAS, which in turn drives its adoption and accelerates the hospital approval process, which in turn
drives revenues. To date the Company has already had 9 Peer Reviewed published and 4 other clinical papers, including the following
during 2015:  

Endoscopic
    hematoma evacuation in patients with spontaneous supratentorial intracerebral hemorrhage . Published in the Journal
    of the Chinese Medical Association, Feb 2015. By Wei-Hsin Wang, Yi-Chieh Hung, Sanford P.C. Hsu, Chun-Fu Lin, Hsin-Hung Chen,
    Yang-Hsin Shih, Cheng-Chia Lee of the Taipei Veterans General Hospital, and National Yang-Ming University School of Medicine.
    Taipei, Taiwan Conclusion:  With the introduction of the minimally invasive techniques and the evolution of the neuro-endoscope
    and hemostatic agents the median operative time and blood loss have been significantly decreased. Although the hematoma evacuation
    rates were similar between the endoscope (90%) and craniotomy (85%) groups, the median intensive care unit stay was decreased
    from 11 days to 6 days due to reduced surgical invasiveness. In addition, several series have reported a lower rate of rebleeding,
    morbidity and mortality in endoscopic hematoma evacuation surgery than in traditional craniotomy. The main reasons were less
    adjacent tissue injury, less blood loss, and less operation time. True minimally invasive surgery includes not only a minimal
    wound size but also minimal brain tissue trauma during the surgery .   

Rigid
    endoscopic resection of deep-seated or intraventricular brain tumors , by Yukinori Akiyama, Masahiko Wanibuchi, Takeshi
    Mikami, Yoshifumi Horita, of the Dept of Neurosurgery, Sapporo Medical University, School of Medicine, Hokkaido Japan. Published
    in Neurological Research, Mar 2015. Conclusion: Strong retraction may cause significant brain and vascular damage; tubular
    retractors can help minimize retraction injury. The rigid endoscopic technique using a thick tubular sheath [VBAS] provides
    an alternative medial approach that improves visualization and increases working space. We believe that this technique [rigid
    endoscope resection through a sheath] is a safer, more reliable, and less invasive method for the treatment of deep-seated
    brain tumors.   

3D
    Endoscope Transcallosal Approach to the Third Ventricle  by Alireza Shoakazemi, Alexander I. Evins, Justin C. Burrell,
    Philip E. Stieg and Antonio Bernardo of the Weill Cornell Medical Center. Published in The Journal of Neurosurgery, Mar 2015.
    Conclusion: A transtubular approach [utilizing VBAS] to the third ventricle is feasible and facilitates blunt dissection of
    the corpus callosum that may minimize retraction injury. This technique also provides an added degree of safety by limiting
    the free range of instrumental movement. The combination of 3D endoscopic visualization with a clear plastic retractor facilitates
    safe and direct monitoring of the surgical corridor.   

Microsurgical
    resection for lateral ventricular meningiomas with neuronavigation and tubular retractor . Published in the China J
    Neurosurgery, April 2015. By Xiong Tao, Wanggou Siyi, Chen Xiaoyu, Peng Zefeng, Liu Qing, Yan Xianrui, Li Xuejun, Dpartment
    of Neurosurgery , Xiangya Hospital, Central South University; Changsha, China. Conclusion: The study s objective was
    to study the microsurgical modality for lateral ventrical meningiomas with neuronavigation and tubular retractor system [VBAS]
    and evaluate its long term outcome. The study concluded that the use of neuronavigation and the VBAS does not reduce the ability
    to achieve total tumor resection but did have a positive post operative impact through reduced intra operative brain trauma
    and reduced intra operative complications. The study concluded that it led to an improvement in post-operative quality of
    life.   

Exoscope-Assisted
    Surgery for Deep-Seated Intraparenchymal Tumor . Published in the Jpn J Neurosurg April 2015. Hideo Osada, M.D., Kimihiro
    Nagatani, M.D., Terushige Toyooka, M.D. Kojiro Wada, M.D., Naoki Otani, M.D., Arata Tomiyama, M.D., Satoshi Tomura, M.D.,
    Hideaki Ueno, M.D., and Kentaro Mori, M.D of the Department of Neurosurgery, National Defense Medical College and Department
    of Neurosurgery, Kuki General Hospital. Conclusion:  The exoscope can provide a long working distance and a clear view
    from outside the operation field, so combined use with the ViewSite is very promising for surgery of deep-seated tumors .   

Use
    of a Minimally Invasive Retractor System for Retrieval of Intracranial Fragments in Wartime Trauma . Published in the
    World Neurosurgery, May 2015. George N. Rymarczuk, Laurence Davidson, Meryl A. Severson, Rocco A. Armonda of the Walter Reed
    Army Medical Center and the National Naval Medical Center Conclusion:  Wartime penetrating brain injury can result in
    deep-seated shrapnel, bullets and bone, posing risk of secondary injury. It has been recommended that aggressive removal of
    fragments be avoided. The goal of this study it to report our technique of minimally invasive removal of deep-seated fragments
    using a tubular retractor system [VBAS]. The authors feel that this technique offers a valid and safe option for treatment
    of patients that have incurred penetrating brain injuries and that have retained foreign bodies under circumstances in which
    removal is desirable . In all cases the fragment was successfully removed. No patient had worsening of their neurological
    condition following surgery. The study concluded,  With this series of 6 service-members the authors have shown that
    VBAS can be used to successfully remove deep-seated foreign bodies from injuries sustained in war. Deep parenchymal and intraventricular
    fragments can be safely removed using a tubular retractor system [VBAS]    

Single-Port
    Endoscopic Technique for the Treatement of Primary Intracerebral Hemorrhage  poster presented at the VII World Congress
    of Neuroendoscopy held in Mexico, November 2015. By Juan Antonio Ponce-Gomez M.D. Luis Alverto Ortega-Porcayo M.D. Victor
    Alcocer-Barradas M.D. Juan Barges-Coll M.D. Juan Luis Gomez Amador M.D.Department of Neurological Surgery, National Institute
    of Neurology and Neurosurgery  Manuel Velasco Suarez  Mexico City, Mexico. In a retrospective study done three
    different treatments were compared; medical management and observation, hematoma drainage through a single port [VBAS] with
    endoscopic assistance and finally drainage through a conventional crainiotomy. 64 patients were analysed 28 patients underwent
    medical treatment, 24 patients conventional crainiotomy and 12 patients were treated with the VBAS. Main risk in all cases
    was hypertension. The study showed that complete drainage using the VBAS was achieved in 83.3% of cases and that the average
    stay in hospital was 8 days which was statistically significantly shorter than the other two groups. Mortality after 6 months
    was also statistically significantly better than the medical treatment group. Conclusion: Treatment using the endoscope and
    VBAS offers lower morbidity and fewer days of hospital stay in the management of primary supratentorial intracerebral hemorrhage.   

Manufacturing   

Vycor
Medical uses a sub-contract manufacturer to manufacture, package, label and sterilize its VBAS products. The Company is in the
process of migrating all its VBAS manufacturing in phases to Life Science Outsourcing, Inc. in Brea, California which is FDA-registered
and meets ISO standards and certifications.  

Intellectual
Property   

Patents    

Vycor
Medical maintains a portfolio of patent protection on its methods and apparatus for its Brain and Spine products and technology
in the form of issued patents and applications, both domestically and internationally, with a total of 10 granted/allowed and
11 pending patents. This includes the purchase in March 2015 of a portfolio of two pending United States patent applications that
disclose approaches to integrating surgical navigation systems into optically-transparent neurosurgical obturators.  

Vycor
Medical s 11 granted/allowed patents are in Canada (Brain) China (Brain), Hong Kong (Brain), Russia (Brain), Japan (Brain
and Spine) and US (Brain (4) and Spine).  

Vycor
Medical s 10 pending patents are in: Canada (Spine), Europe (Brain, Spine), India (Brain, Spine), Hong Kong (Spine), US
(Brain (4).  

Trademarks    

VYCOR
MEDICAL  is a registered trademark and  VIEWSITE  is a common law trademark.  

Vycor
Growth Strategy   

Vycor
Medical s growth strategy is centered around:  

1.
 Increasing U.S. market penetration  through broader hospital coverage and targeted direct physician marketing.  

Vycor
Medical s sales and marketing strategy is to penetrate a well defined target market of 4,500 neurosurgeons by trade shows,
significantly increased direct marketing with VBAS samples and existing clinical data, and through its existing distributors which
it is continually evaluating and upgrading as well as adding additional distributors in regions where it has little to no presence.
In marketing to these hospitals and surgeons, Vycor Medical leads with those neurosurgical procedures where VBAS  competitive
advantages are most easily understood   deep seated tumors and other complicated deep procedures. The focus is both on adding
new hospitals and expanding to additional surgeons in hospitals where VBAS is already approved and to expand usage to a broader
range of procedures. Vycor Medical prioritizes its attention on teaching hospitals, which not only carry out more relevant procedures
but also provide a natural way to drive adoption through the conversion of new surgeons.  

2.
 Provision of more Clinical and Scientific Data  supporting the products superiority over the current standard of care blade
retractors and to demonstrate the products potential for cost savings. Clinical and scientific data (in the form of peer reviewed
articles, clinical studies and other reports and case studies) are critical in driving adoption, and in turn revenues, further
and faster by demonstrating VBAS  superiority as a minimally invasive access system which helps VBAS move further up the
hospital cost/benefit curve. To date the Company has already had 9 Peer Reviewed studies and 4 other clinical papers and anticipates
further studies to be published.  

3.
 International Market Growth   

Vycor
Medical utilizes select medical device distributors with experience in neurosurgical devices in their countries or regions. VBAS
has full regulatory approvals in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe (EU   Class III), Korea, Japan and Taiwan and
is seeking or has partial regulatory approvals in India, Russia and Vietnam. Vycor Medical is actively pursuing new distribution
agreements in the countries where it does not have any in place.  

4 .
New Product Development   

New
Product Development is targeted at both driving the use of its existing VBAS product range through ancillaries that will facilitate
the product s use and through new product extensions to broaden VBAS applicability to procedures currently not addressed
by the existing product line.  

Vycor
Medical has a current product pipeline aimed at expanding the applicable procedures it addresses by extending its VBAS range and
at increasing the compatibility of its current VBAS range.  

Vycor
Medical released two new smaller VBAS devices (the  VBAS Mini ) in March 2016, and is in the advanced stages of development
on a new set of VBAS devices that will be integrated with selected Image Guided Systems. Management strongly believes that the
existing VBAS rigid structure lends itself well to being incorporated into the increasing trend of IGS surgery.  

NovaVision,
Inc.    

Introduction   

NovaVision
provides non-invasive, computer-based rehabilitation targeted at a substantial and largely un-addressed market of people who have
lost their sight as a result of stroke, Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) or other neurological brain damage. NovaVision addresses
a significant target market, estimated at approximately $2 billion in each of the U.S. and the EU and over $13 billion globally.  

  NovaVision
has a family of therapies that both restore and compensate for lost vision:  

Restoration
    of vision: NovaVision s VRT and Sight Science s Neuro-Eye Therapy (NeET), aim to improve visual sensitivity in
    a persons blind area. VRT delivers a series of light stimuli along the border of the patient s visual field loss. These
    programmed light sequences stimulate the border zone between the  seeing  and  blind  visual fields,
    repetitively challenging the visual cortex in the border zone with multiple stimuli over the course of time. NeET targets
    deep within the blind area by repeated stimulation, allowing patients to detect objects within the blind field.   

Compensation
    and re-training: Normal eye movements are also affected after brain injury adding to the problems of blindness. NeuroEyeCoach
    provides a complementary therapy to VRT and NeET, which re-trains a patient to move their eyes, re-integrate left and right
    vision and to make the most of their remaining visual field.   

VRT
and NeuroEyeCoach, provided in the US in an Internet-delivered suite since June 2015 and in Europe since December 2015, are therefore
highly complementary and ensure broad benefits to NovaVision s patients.  

NovaVision
also has models of VRT and NeuroEyeCoach for physicians and rehabilitation clinics, as well as VIDIT, a diagnostic program that
enables therapists to perform high resolution visual field tests in less than ten minutes.  

NovaVision
operates in the US through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NovaVision, Inc., in Germany through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NovaVision
GmbH and in the UK through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sight Science Limited.  

NovaVision s
VRT is the only medical device aimed at the restoration of vision lost as a result of neurological damage which has FDA 510(k)
clearance to be marketed in the U.S; and NeuroEyeCoach is registered in the US as a Class I 510(k) exempt device. VRT, NEC and
NeET have CE Marking for the EU. NovaVision has 35 granted and 3 pending patents worldwide.  

NovaVision s
Products   

VRT
and NeET    

VRT
and NeET are aimed at those suffering from vision loss resulting from neurological brain damage such as stroke and traumatic brain
injury (TBI). It is estimated that approximately 30% experience a visual field disorder (or which approximately 20% permanently),
reducing mobility and other activities of daily living.  

Both
VRT and NeET work on the basis that repeated stimulation of the blind or transition areas by either bright patches of light (VRT)
or specific spatial patterns (NeET) can lead to increases in sensitivity of the blind areas. Patient progress after VRT appears
to be initiated at the blind and sighted borders whereas NeET results in changes deep within the blind field. Both therapies are
able to demonstrate improvements in both visual sensitivity and activities of daily living.  

VRT
and NeET are patient-specific diagnostic and therapeutic platforms with extensive clinical data supporting their ability to increase
a patient s visual field. The diagnostic algorithm first maps the visual field and defines the areas of defect in patients
suffering vision loss. The therapeutic algorithm is then specifically designed for each patient based upon the results of the
diagnostic program. The therapies are delivered through a computer device in the patient s home and are generally performed
over a six month period, twice a day for approximately an hour total, five to six days a week.  

With
VRT therapy, the patient first focuses on a fixation point on a display screen. Then, a series of light stimuli are presented
along the border of the patient s visual field loss. These programmed light sequences stimulate the border zone between
the  seeing  and  blind  visual fields, repetitively challenging the visual cortex in the border zone
with thousands of stimuli over the course of the therapy. With NeET, the patient responds to the images that appear on the screen,
initially in the border area of the patient s visual field loss and over time deeper within the damaged field of vision.  

NeuroEyeCoach    

NeuroEyeCoach
is also a computer-based program providing eye-movement training to those who have suffered a visual field loss as a result of
neurological damage.  

The
program is supported by several decades of scientific findings and was developed as collaboration between NovaVision and Josef
Zihl, a NovaVision Scientific Advisor who is a world thought leader in saccadic training and the pioneer of this computer based
training technique. The program is designed to re-train the ability of a patient to scan the environment, re-integrate left and
right vision and make the most of their remaining visual field. The therapy can be completed in two to four weeks to result in
a meaningful improvement in the patients visual search performance resulting in improvements in their navigation and object finding
skills. Given that NeuroEyeCoach addresses the patient s difficulty with their eye movements and their ability to integrate
visual information while VRT and NeET focuses on the restoration of lost vision the two therapy types are highly complementary.  

NeuroEyeCoach
is provided by NovaVision in one Internet-delivered therapy suite with VRT, providing broad benefits to patients, and is also
provided on a standalone basis; those suffering non-permanent defects or those otherwise unsuited to VRT can benefit from NeuroEyeCoach.
The program is also provided as a clinic-based version to enable healthcare professionals to provide the therapy to patients under
supervision.  

Vision
Diagnostic (VIDIT)    

NovaVision
VIDIT is a diagnostic system that enables therapists in rehabilitation centers and other clinics to perform high-resolution visual
field tests to screen for central visual field deficits commonly associated with stroke or brain injury. As an undetected visual
field deficit may adversely impact other rehabilitation modalities, early detection and treatment are critical steps towards improving
overall patient care and this diagnostic is therefore a valuable tool for such centers and clinics. Tests take less than 10 minutes
while the patient is in the facility s care.  

The
Market For NovaVision s Therapies   

The
market for NovaVision s therapies comprises those suffering from vision loss resulting from neurological trauma such as
Stroke and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). The U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimates there are approximately 8 million
Americans who have previously had a stroke incident, with 795,000 additional strokes occurring annually; adjusting for repeat
strokes and deaths, there are 481,000 new stroke survivors each year. Additionally, approximately 5.3 million Americans live with
the long-term effects of a TBI, with 275,000 hospitalizations each year. The most recent scientific research estimates that approximately
28.5% experience some visual impediment and 20.5% of these patients experience a permanent visual field deficit, reducing mobility
and other activities of daily living. The target market for VRT and NeET is this 20.5% subset of patients who have suffered a
permanent visual field deficit; NeuroEyeCoach addresses all 28.5% of patients who experience visual impediments. Management estimates
that the addressable target market for its therapies is approximately 2.9 million people in the US, approximately 2.8 million
people in Europe and approximately 12.9 million people throughout the rest of the world.  

Competition   

NovaVision
provides restoration therapies (VRT and NeET) and compensation or saccadic therapies (NeuroEyeCoach) for those suffering vision
loss as a result of neurological trauma. The other therapy type for this condition is substitution (optical aids such as prisms)
and is not considered by NovaVision as competition.  

In
restoration, competition has been reduced through NovaVision s acquisition of Sight Science and really only leaves two small
companies, Teltra and Visiontrainer in Germany. Within compensation, competitors include RevitalVision, PositScience, Dynavision
and Rehacom.  

Clinical
Data   

VRT    

NovaVision
has accumulated significant amounts of clinical data as a result of company-sponsored trials as well as studies conducted by independent
third parties, of which some of the key findings can be summarized as:  

Approximately
    70% of patients experience positive outcome reflected by an increase in their visual field and studies have indicated an average
    increase of 4.9 degrees (Mueller I, et al., 2007; Romano JG, et al., 2008).   

Elapsed
    time since injury does not seem to impact VRT and NeET therapies success. Therefore, a large historical backlog of patients
    can potentially be treated (Romano JG, et al., 2008).   

Improvements
    are permanent and do not appear to be age or gender dependent.   

NeuroEyeCoach    

The
PC-based treatment approach was originally developed by Prof. Zihl (1988, 1990) and has since been used with various modifications
in 13 studies on a total of 551 patients with homonymous visual field loss and persistent visual disabilities.  

The
main outcome is a significant improvement in visual search performance accompanied by more efficient oculomotor strategies, and
a reduction in visual disability as assessed with standardized questionnaires and behavioral measures. The efficacy of this treatment
approach for the improvement of visual overview and visual exploration is superior to practice with reading (Schuett et al., 2012),
non-specific visual training (Roth et al., 2009), standard occupational therapy (M dden et al., 2012) or counseling with
regards to coping strategies (Zihl, 2011). Importantly, time since brain injury (Zihl, 2011) and age of hemianopic patients (Schuett
  Zihl, 2012) d not play a significant role for the treatment effect. In conclusion, there is convincing scientific empirical
evidence for the efficacy of the visual search treatment method. It is important to note that visual field borders do not change
after the treatment, indicating that visual search training represents a compensatory technique and not a restorative approach;
by addressing both compensation and restoration NovaVision is providing a broad solution to this large patient demographic.  

Intellectual
Property   

Patents    

NovaVision
maintains a portfolio of patent protection on its methods and apparatus in the form of issued patents and applications, both domestically
and internationally, with a total of 35 granted and 3 pending patents (including Sight Science).  

  NovaVision s
35 granted patents are in the U.S. (13), Canada (5), Europe (8), Australia (2), China (2), Hong Kong (1), Singapore (1), India
(1) and Japan (2).  

NovaVision s
3 pending patents are in Europe.  

Trademarks    

NovaVision
maintains a portfolio of registered trademarks for  NOVAVISION, NOVAVISION VRT ,  VRT VISION RESTORATION THERAPY  and
NEUROEYCOACH, amongst others, along with relevant logos, both in the US and internationally.  

NovaVision s
Growth Strategy   

Our
strategic vision for NovaVision has been to develop and provide a clinically supported, affordable and scalable visual therapy
solution offering broad benefits to those suffering visual impairment following neurological brain damage; and to offer solutions
for both patients and physicians alike. VRT was, in effect, a prototype with a delivery and service model too costly to be affordable
and scalable, and with 70% of patients experiencing significant positive outcome but 30% of patients therefore experiencing little
to no improvement.  

Our
first steps were to build a world-class scientific advisory board and acquire Sight Science, the only credible competitor, from
Prof. Arash Sahraie and the University of Aberdeen. Prof. Sahraie, Chair in Vision Sciences at the University, became our Chief
Scientific Officer and led the advisory board made up of experts in the field from Harvard Medical School, Univ. of Miami Miller
School of Medicine and the Max Planck Institute in Germany, to develop the strategy to deliver our vision:  

Broadening
    Patient Benefits: the creation of NeuroEyeCoach .  Two things happen when someone suffers from vision related disorders
    following a stroke or the like: there is a loss of visual field as well as difficulty with eye movement, affecting the ability
    to integrate visual information. NeuroEyeCoach addresses patients  difficulty with their eye movements and their ability
    to integrate visual information. While VRT addresses the restoration of lost vision, NeuroEyeCoach enables the patient to
    make the most of their remaining vision; the two therapies provided in a suite are therefore highly complementary and ensure
    broad benefits to NovaVision s patients.   

Cost
    Effective and Affordable .  Migrated therapy delivery from provided-hardware to internet-delivered onto patients 
    computers, significantly reducing cost without changing the therapy itself. Further cost reduction has been achieved through
    considerable business process streamlining. The Internet-delivered therapy suite was made commercially available in June 2015
    in the US and in Europe in December 2015.   

Scalable .
     NovaVision s therapy is now affordable, with broader benefits and truly scalable and deliverable to the mass market.   

NovaVision
completed its development work and launched its Internet-based therapy suite in June 2015 in the US, and December 2015 in Europe,
and is now positioned for the first time with the suite of therapies and product offerings to deliver on our strategic vision:
to provide a clinically supported, affordable and scalable visual therapy solution offering broad benefits to those suffering
visual impairment following neurological damage; and to offer solutions for both patients and physicians alike.  

  For
Patients:  

VRT
    and NeuroEyeCoach Therapy Suite  . NovaVision s two complementary therapies are offered in internet-delivered
    in a package for $900 in the US and equivalent pricing in Europe.   

NeuroEyeCoach.
      For patients with visual impairments who are not suitable, for whatever reason, for VRT, we provide NeuroEyeCoach
    on its own for $450 in the US and equivalent pricing in Europe.   

For
Physicians:  

Vision
    Diagnostic (VIDIT).   A diagnostic system that enables therapists to perform high-resolution visual field tests in less
    than 10 minutes to screen for visual field deficits as a result of neurological brain damage. NovaVision has received approval
    for and entered into an agreement to offer VIDIT throughout the 100+ network of HealthSouth rehabilitation centers in the
    U.S.; therapists are then able to refer patients to NovaVision. We are marketing this to the HealthSouth network as well as
    to other rehabilitation chains and centers.   

NeuroEyeCoach
    Pro Center  . Enables stroke rehabilitation and other centers to treat patients while in their care, both as in-patient
    and out-patient. NovaVision has entered into an additional agreement with HealthSouth to be able to offer NeuroEyeCoach Pro
    Center to the HealthSouth rehabilitation centers in the U.S. We are marketing this to the HealthSouth network as well as to
    other rehabilitation chains and centers.   

NovaVision
    Pro Physician.   Enables physicians to register patients in their clinic who complete our therapies at home, supported
    by NovaVision but monitored by the physician through a dedicated portal.   

We
believe NovaVision s therapy and product offerings for patients and physicians are unique, and that we are now well placed
to deliver value from this large potential market.  

3.
Other Matters   

Product
Liability Insurance    

We
presently have Product Liability insurance for both Vycor Medical and NovaVision.  

Government
Regulations    

We
are committed to an integrated total quality management system. We believe that we have completed the necessary procedures and
Vycor Medical is certified to the ISO standards expected of medical device manufacturers as follows:  

ISO
13485:2003 Medical Devices   Quality Management Systems   

The
certification of a quality management system to ISO 13485, specifically for medical devices, is advantageous and often essential
for medical companies to export their products to the global market, as well as maintain and enter into certain agreements and
business growth opportunities within the U.S. For example, Canada requires that medical device manufacturers marketing their products
in Canada must have a quality system certified to ISO 13485:2003. The certification is also required for placement of branded
devices into the European Union.  

Vycor
Medical has the following certification/licensing:  

Continuing
Regulatory Requirements    

quality
    system regulation, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance
    procedures during the manufacturing process;   

labeling
    regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or  off-label  uses and impose other restrictions
    on labeling; and   

medical
    device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed
    to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury
    if it were to recur.   

Vycor
Medical s products have been classified as Class II products by the FDA and cleared for marketing through the 510(k) process.
NovaVision s VRT product has been cleared as a Class U product through the 510(k) while its NeuroEyeCoach is registered
as an exempt Class 1 device.  

  After
a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include:  

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, and failure to respond to requested corrective actions on an ongoing basis,
can result in enforcement action by the FDA.  

Medical
device laws are also in effect in many of the countries outside of the United States in which we do business. These laws range
from comprehensive device approval and quality system requirements for some or all of our medical device products to simple requests
for product data or certifications. The number and scope of these requirements are increasing. In June 1998, the European Union
Medical Device Directive became effective, and all medical devices must meet the Medical Device Directive standards and receive
CE mark certification. CE mark certification involves a comprehensive Quality System program, and submission of data on a product
to the Notified Body in Europe.  

Vycor
Medical has obtained the CE marking approval to allow for distribution of its VBAS products in Europe as a Class III device and
has received HPB licensing approval for distribution in Canada as a Class II device. VBAS also has full regulatory or partial
approvals in Australia, Brazil, China, Korea, Japan and Russia. NovaVison s VRT, NeuroEyeCoach and Sight Science s
NeET have CE mark registrations as Class I devices in Europe.  

Employees   

We
currently have 14 employees.  

Website.
 The Company operates websites at www.vycormedical.com, www.vycorvbas.com and www.novavision.com.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

N/A  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

The
Company leases approximately 10,000 sq. ft located at 6401 Congress Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487 from Catexor Limited
Partnership for a gross rent of $14,260 plus sales tax per month. The term of the lease is 5 years and 6 months terminating July,
2017. The Company s subsidiaries in Germany and the UK occupy properties on short-term lease agreements.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We
are subject from time to time to litigation, claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. As of the date of this
Annual Report, we were not a party to any material litigation, claim or suit whose outcome could have a material effect on our
financial statements.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable   

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.   

MARKET
INFORMATION   

Beginning
on July 20, 2009, our Common Stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol  VYCO .  

The
following table shows the high and low prices of our common shares on the OTC Bulletin Board for each quarter for fiscal years
2014 and 2015. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions:  

The
market price of our common stock, like that of other technology companies, is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations in
response to variations in operating results, announcements of technological innovations or new products, or other events or factors.
Our stock price may also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance.  

Holders   

As
of March 25, 2016 there were 10,937,250 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 115 stockholders of record.  

Transfer
Agent and Registrar   

Our
transfer agent is Corporate Stock Transfer, 3200 Cherry Creek Dr. South Suite 430 Denver, CO 80209; telephone (303) 282-4800.  

Dividend
Policy   

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in
the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our
business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent
upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems
relevant. The Company s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock bears a 7% per annum dividend payable in cash or Series D Preferred
Stock at the option of the Company.  

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES   

Below
is a list of securities sold by us from January 1, 2015 through March 25, 2016 which were not registered under the Securities
Act  

Common
Stock :  

The
securities issued in the above mentioned transactions were issued in connection with private placements exempt from the registration
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the terms of Section 4(2) of that Act and Rule
506 of Regulation D.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION.   

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014    

Revenue
and Gross Margin:   

Vycor
Medical recorded revenue of $885,481 from the sale of its products for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $7,547
from 2014. This reflected weak sales in particular in the US in July and August which recovered in September. Gross margin of
88% was achieved in 2015 versus 87% in 2014.  

NovaVision
recorded revenues of $253,153 for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $104,111 from 2014. NovaVision s US revenues
for the first six months of 2015 were impacted by the delayed launch of the new Internet-delivered therapy suite. Since the launch
in the U.S. in late June, NovaVision has achieved a reduction in price to patients of 65%, from $2,500 for a six-month course
of VRT alone to $900 for VRT and NeuroEyeCoach together. Given the price reduction, the company anticipated an initial decrease
in revenues as volumes ramp up due to the new affordable and scalable therapy suite. New patient starts in the US for the second
six months following the launch increased by 139% over the first six months of 2015 and by 57% over the second six months of 2014.
Foreign exchange differences in Europe accounted for $25,939 of the revenue decrease, with the remainder mainly accounted for
by lower license fees as NovaVision migrates to the new model, and lower sales of chinrests, an activity which is being phased
out. The Internet-delivered therapy suite was launched in Europe in December 2015. Gross margin for NovaVision was 78% compared
to 88% for 2014, which reflected a one-time write-off totalling $20,804 of inventory and components related to the old NovaVision
hardware delivery model.  

Research
and Development Expense:   

Research
and development expenses were $71,512 in 2015 compared to $69,114 for 2014. Capitalized software development costs in NovaVision
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $32,843 and $124,660, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2015
the Company s VRT 7.0 program was completed and is now being utilized by patients.  

General
and Administrative Expenses:   

General
and administrative expenses decreased by $854,737 to $2,533,684 in 2015 from $3,388,421 in 2014. Included within General and Administrative
Expenses are non-cash charges for share based compensation as the result of amortizing employee and non-employee shares, warrants
and options which have been issued by the Company over various periods. The charge for 2015 was $274,502, a decrease of $102,160
from $376,662 in 2014. Also included within General and Administrative Expenses are Sales Commissions, which decreased by $46,771
to $167,546; which related to a change in Company policy in 2014. The remaining General and Administrative expenses decreased
by $705,806 from $2,797,442 to $2,091,636. An analysis of the change in cash and non-cash G A is shown in the table below:  

Interest
Expense:   

Interest
comprises expense on the Company s debt and insurance policy financing. Related Party Interest expense for 2015 decreased
following debt repayment or conversion to $0 from $80,093 in 2014. Other Interest expense for 2015 decreased following debt repayment
or conversion by $2,917 to $47,710 from $50,627 for 2014.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Liquidity    

The
following table shows cash flow and liquidity data for the periods ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014:  

Going
Concern    

The
Company s financial statements have been presented on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business and assumes the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred
losses since its inception, including a net loss of $2,082,643 for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the Company expects to
continue to incur additional losses in the future, including additional development costs, costs related to marketing and manufacturing
expenses. The Company has incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2015 the Company had
a stockholders  equity of $1,145,722 and cash and cash equivalents of $347,477. The Company believes it would not have enough
cash to meet its various cash needs unless the Company is able to obtain additional cash from the issuance of debt or equity securities.
There is no assurance that additional funds from the issuance of equity will be available for the Company to finance its operations
on acceptable terms. If adequate funds are not available, the Company may have to delay development or commercialization of products
or technologies that the Company would otherwise seek to commercialize, or cease some or all of its operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

As
of December 31, 2015, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Seasonality    

Our
operating results are not affected by seasonality.  

Inflation    

Our
business and operating results are not affected in any material way by inflation.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Uses
of estimates in the preparation of financial statements    

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from those estimated. To the extent management s estimates prove to be incorrect, financial
results for future periods may be adversely affected. Significant estimates and assumptions contained in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements include management s estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, amortization
of intangible assets, and the fair values of options and warrant included in the determination of debt discounts and share based
compensation.  

Cash
and cash equivalents    

The
Company maintains cash balances at various financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation up to $250,000. Cash balances may at times exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash also includes a US investment
account in a money market backed by government securities up to 105% of the account balance. The Company considers all highly
liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Included within cash are deposits
paid by patients, held by the Company until the patient returns the VRT device or chinrest at the end of therapy. At December
31, 2015 and 2014 patient deposits amounted to $27,183 and $32,869, respectively, and are included in other current liabilities.  

Fixed
assets    

The
Company records fixed assets at cost and calculates depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life
of the assets, which is estimated to be between three and seven years. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to
expense when incurred. Replacements and major renewals are capitalized  

Derivative
Liability    

The
Company has accounted for the 34,723 Series A Warrants issued in connection with the 2014 Offering (all as defined in Note 10),
the holders of which had not waived their anti-dilution rights (as detailed further in Note 10) in accordance with the guidance
contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D, whereby under that provision, because they had anti-dilution rights, they did not meet the criteria
for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant instrument as a liability
at its fair value and adjusted the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability was subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised or until the anti-dilution provisions contained within the warrant agreements expired,
and was classified in the balance sheet as a current liability. Any change in fair value of the warrant liability was recognized
in the Company s statement of operations as other income (loss). The anti-dilution provisions expired on June 11, 2015 and
accordingly the liability has been extinguished.  

Income
taxes    

We
use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes. 
Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and
(ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s
financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the
enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available
positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

ASC
Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements
and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions
for any of the reporting periods presented.  

Patents
and Other Intangible Assets    

The
Company capitalizes legal and related costs associated with the establishment and enhancement of patents for its products once
patents have been applied for. Costs associated with the development of the patented item or processes are charged to research
and development costs as incurred. The capitalized costs are amortized over the life of the patent. The Company reviews intangible
assets on an annual in accordance with the authoritative guidance. Trademarks have an indefinite life and are reviewed annually
by management for impairment in accordance with the authoritative guidance.  

Software
Development Costs    

The
authoritative accounting guidance requires software development costs to be capitalized upon completion of the preliminary project
stage. Accordingly, direct internal and external costs associated with the development of the features and functionality of the
Company s software, incurred during the application development stage, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line
method over the estimated life of five years.  

Revenue
Recognition    

Vycor
Medical generates revenue from the sale of its surgical access system to hospitals and other medical professionals. Vycor Medical
records revenue when a completed contract for the sale exists, the product is invoiced and shipped to the customer. Vycor Medical
does not provide for product returns or warranty costs.  

NovaVision
generates revenues from various programs, therapy services and other sources such as license sales. Therapy services revenues
represent fees from NovaVision s vision restoration therapy software, eye movement training software, diagnostic software,
clinic set up and training fees, and the professional and support services associated with the therapy. NovaVision provides vision
restoration therapy directly to patients. The typical vision restoration therapy consists of six modules, performed on average
over 6 months in the U.S. and U.K. and 10 months in Germany. A patient contract comprises set-up fees and monthly therapy fees.
Set-up fees are recognized at the outset of the contract and therapy revenue is recognized ratably over the therapy period. Patient
therapy is restricted to being completed by a patient within a specified time frame. NovaVision s saccadic training software
is generally completed within 2-4 weeks and revenue is therefore recognized fully at commencement.  

Deferred
revenue results from patients paying for the therapy in advance of receiving the therapy.  

Accounts
Receivable    

The
Company s accounts receivable are due from the hospitals and distributors in the case of Vycor Medical, and from patients
directly for therapy or physicians for diagnostic products in the case of NovaVision. Accounts receivable are due once products
have been delivered or at the time the therapy is initiated; however, for NovaVision therapy patients sometimes credit is extended
through various payment plans based on individual financial conditions, generally not to exceed the 9 or 10 month therapy period.
The outstanding balances are stated net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company determines its allowance by considering
a number of factors, including the length of time accounts receivable are past due, and the customer s ability to pay its
obligations. The Company writes off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible.  

Inventory    

Inventories
are stated at the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price, in the ordinary course of
business, less estimated costs to complete and dispose of the product. If the Company identifies excess, obsolete or unsalable
items, its inventories are written down to their realizable value in the period in which the impairment is first identified. The
provision for inventory for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $29,923 and $17,200, respectively. Shipping and handling
costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments are recorded in cost of sales.  

Foreign
Currency    

The
Euro is the local currency of the country in which NovaVision GmbH conducts its operations and is considered the functional currency
of this entity; the GB Pound is the local currency of the country in which Sight Science Limited conducts its operations and is
considered the functional currency of this entity. All balance sheet amounts are translated to U.S. dollars using the U.S. exchange
rate at the balance sheet date except for the equity section which is translated at historical rates. Operating statement amounts
are translated using an average exchange rate for the period of operations. Foreign currency translation effects are accumulated
as part of the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and included in shareholders  (deficit) in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

Educational
marketing and advertising expenses    

The
Company may incur costs for the education of customers on the uses and benefits of its products. The Company will include education,
marketing and advertising expense as a component of selling, general and administrative costs as such costs are incurred.  

Contractual
Obligations    

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.   

The
financial information required by Item 8 begins on the following page.  

To
be  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To
the Members of the Audit Committee and  

  Board
of directors of Vycor Medical, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Vycor Medical, Inc. and Subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December
31, 2015 and 2014, and the related statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for
each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2015. The Company s management is responsible for these financial
statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Vycor
Medical, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements referred to above have been prepared assuming that the Company. will continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon, among other things, its successful execution of its
plan of operations and ability to raise additional financing. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional
capital or sell any of its products or services at a profit. As discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred a net loss since inception, including a net loss of $2,082,643 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Company expect
to continue to incur additional losses in the future, including additional development cost, cost related to marketing and manufacturing
expenses. The Company has incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2015, the Company has
stockholders  equity of $1,145,722 and cash and cash equivalents of $347,477. The Company believes it would not have enough
cash to meet its needs unless the Company is able to obtain additional cash from the issuance of debt or equity securities. These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty  

/s/
Paritz   Company, P.A.   

Hackensack,
New Jersey  

  March
29, 2016   

VYCOR
MEDICAL, INC.   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

See
accompanying notes to financial statements  

VYCOR
MEDICAL, INC.   

   Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Loss   

See
accompanying notes to financial statements  

VYCOR
MEDICAL, INC.   

   Statement
of Stockholders  Equity (Deficiency)   

See
accompanying notes to financial statements  

VYCOR
MEDICAL, INC.   

   Statement
of Cash Flows   

See
accompanying notes to financial statements  

1. FORMATION AND BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY  

Business Description   

Vycor Medical, Inc.
(the  Company ) designs, develops and markets neurological medical devices and therapies through two operating divisions:
Vycor Medical and NovaVision. Vycor Medical focuses on brain and cervical surgical access systems for sale to hospitals and medical
professionals; NovaVision focuses on neuro-stimulation therapies and diagnostic devices for the treatment and screening of vision
field loss resulting from neurological damage. 

2. GOING CONCERN  

The Company s
financial statements have been presented on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business and assumes the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses since
its inception, including a net loss of $2,082,643 for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the Company expects to continue to
incur additional losses in the future, including additional development costs, costs related to marketing and manufacturing expenses.
The Company has incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2015 the Company had a stockholders 
equity of $1,145,722 and cash and cash equivalents of $347,477. The Company believes it would not have enough cash to meet its
various cash needs unless the Company is able to obtain additional cash from the issuance of debt or equity securities. There
is no assurance that additional funds from the issuance of equity will be available for the Company to finance its operations
on acceptable terms. If adequate funds are not available, the Company may have to delay development or commercialization of products
or technologies that the Company would otherwise seek to commercialize, or cease some or all of its operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles
of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation   

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Vycor Medical, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NovaVision, Inc. (a Delaware
corporation), NovaVision GmbH (a German corporation) and Sight Science Limited (a UK corporation), both wholly owned subsidiaries
of NovaVision, Inc. The Company is headquartered in Boca Raton, FL. All material inter-company accounts, transactions, and balances
have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications and format changes have been made to prior year amounts to conform
to the current year presentation. 

Revenue Recognition   

Vycor Medical generates
revenue from the sale of its surgical access system to hospitals and other medical professionals. Vycor Medical records revenue
when a completed contract for the sale exists, the product is invoiced and shipped to the customer. Vycor Medical does not provide
for product returns or warranty costs. 

NovaVision generates
revenues from various programs, therapy services and other sources such as license sales. Therapy services revenues represent
fees from NovaVision s vision restoration therapy software, eye movement training software, diagnostic software, clinic
set up and training fees, and the professional and support services associated with the therapy. NovaVision provides vision restoration
therapy directly to patients. The typical vision restoration therapy consists of six modules, performed on average over 6 months
in the U.S. and U.K. and 10 months in Germany. A patient contract comprises set-up fees and monthly therapy fees. Set-up fees
are recognized at the outset of the contract and therapy revenue is recognized ratably over the therapy period. Patient therapy
is restricted to being completed by a patient within a specified time frame. NovaVision s saccadic training software is
generally completed within 2-4 weeks and revenue is therefore recognized fully at commencement. 

Deferred revenue
results from patients paying for the therapy in advance of receiving the therapy. 

Cash and cash
equivalents   

The Company maintains
cash balances at various financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
up to $250,000. Cash balances may at times exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash also includes a US investment account in a money
market backed by government securities up to 105% of the account balance. The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Included within cash are deposits paid by patients,
held by the Company until the patient returns the VRT device or chinrest at the end of therapy. At December 31, 2015 and 2014
patient deposits amounted to $27,183 and $32,869, respectively, and are included in Other Current Liabilities. 

Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable   

We have a policy
of reserving for uncollectible accounts based on our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts
receivable. We extend credit to our customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. We generally
do not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
and maintain an allowance for potential bad debts if required. We determine whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is required
by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations.
In these cases, we use assumptions and judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, to record a specific allowance
for those customers against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. These specific allowances
are re-evaluated and adjusted as additional information is received. The amounts calculated are analyzed to determine the total
amount of the allowance. We may also record a general allowance as necessary. Direct write-offs are taken in the period when we
have exhausted our efforts to collect overdue and unpaid receivables or otherwise evaluate other circumstances that indicate that
we should abandon such efforts. 

Inventories   

Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost determined using the weighted average cost method or market. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price, in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to complete and dispose of the product. If the Company identifies
excess, obsolete or unsalable items, its inventories are written down to their realizable value in the period in which the impairment
is first identified. The provision for inventory obsolescence for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $29,923 and $17,200,
respectively. Shipping and handling costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments are recorded in cost of sales
in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

Foreign Currency   

 The Euro is the local
currency of the country in which NovaVision GmbH conducts its operations and is considered the functional currency of this entity;
the GB Pound is the local currency of the country in which Sight Science Limited conducts its operations and is considered the
functional currency of this entity. All balance sheet amounts are translated to U.S. dollars using the U.S. exchange rate at the
balance sheet date except for the equity section which is translated at historical rates. Operating statement amounts are translated
using an average exchange rate for the period of operations. Foreign currency translation effects are accumulated as part of the
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and included in stockholders  equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheet. 

Educational
marketing and advertising expenses   

The Company may incur
costs for the education of customers on the uses and benefits of its products. The Company will include education, marketing and
advertising expense as a component of selling, general and administrative costs as such costs are incurred. 

Income taxes   

We use the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method,
income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax
consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements
or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive
and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30
clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the
reporting periods presented. 

Fixed assets   

Fixed assets are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided for on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of the
assets. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized; repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 

Derivative
Liability   

The Company has accounted
for the 34,723 Series A Warrants issued in connection with the 2014 Offering (all as defined in Note 10), the holders of which
had not waived their anti-dilution rights (as detailed further in Note 10) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D,
whereby under that provision, because they had anti-dilution rights, they did not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must
be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant instrument as a liability at its fair value and adjusted
the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability was subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date
until exercised or until the anti-dilution provisions contained within the warrant agreements expired, and was classified in the
balance sheet as a current liability. Any change in fair value of the warrant liability was recognized in the Company s
statement of operations as other income (loss). The anti-dilution provisions expired on June 11, 2015 and accordingly the liability
has been extinguished. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets   

Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. For assets that
are to be held and used, impairment is recognized when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group
of assets is less than their carrying value. If impairment exists, an adjustment is made to write the asset down to its fair value,
and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying value and fair value. Fair values are determined based on quoted
market values, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable. Assets to be disposed of are carried
at the lower of carrying value or estimated net realizable value. 

Research and
Development   

The Company expenses
all research and development costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the amounts charged to research
and development expenses were $71,512 and $69,114, respectively. 

Software Development
Costs   

The Company accounts
for software development costs in accordance with ASC 350-40, whereby all costs incurred during the preliminary stage of a development
project should be charged to expense as incurred. Capitalization of costs begins after the preliminary stage has been completed,
management commits to funding the project, it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used for
its intended function. All post-implementation costs are charged to expense as incurred. Accordingly, direct internal and external
costs associated with the development of the features and functionality of the Company s software, incurred during the application
development stage, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method of the estimated life of five years. The Company
acquired internally developed software valued at $540,000 as part of the acquisition of the assets of NovaVision, Inc. on November
30, 2010 and $363,472 as part of the acquisition of the assets of Sight Science Limited on January 4, 2012. For the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the amounts capitalized for software development were $32,843 and $124,660 respectively, for the Company s
VRT 7.0 and NeuroEyeCoach programs. 

Uses of estimates
in the preparation of financial statements   

The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimated.
To the extent management s estimates prove to be incorrect, financial results for future periods may be adversely affected.
Significant estimates and assumptions contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include management s
estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, amortization of intangible assets, and the fair values of options
and warrants included in the determination of debt discounts and share based compensation. 

Stock Compensation   

The Company recognizes
the cost of all share-based payments under the relevant authoritative accounting guidance. Share-based payments include any remuneration
paid by the Company in shares of the Company s common stock or financial instruments that grant the recipient the right
to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. For share-based payments to employees, which consist only of awards made
under the stock option plan described below, the Company accounts for the payments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic
718,  Stock Compensation . Share-based payments to consultants, service providers and other non-employees are accounted
for under in accordance with ASC Topic 718, ASC Topic 505,  Equity Payments to Non-Employees  or other applicable
authoritative guidance. 

Convertible
Instruments   

We evaluate and account
for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging Activities . 

Applicable GAAP requires
companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial
instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks
of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host
contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured
at fair value under other GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with
the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. 

We account for convertible
instruments (when we have determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments)
as follows: We record when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in
debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the
note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized
over the term of the related debt to their stated date of redemption. The embedded conversion option in connection with our convertible
debt could not be exercised unless and until we completed a Qualifying Financing transaction. Accordingly, we determined based
on authoritative guidance that the embedded conversion option is deemed to be a contingent conversion rather than active conversion
option that did not require accounting recognition at the commitment dates of the issuances of the Notes. 

Common Stock
Purchase Warrants and Other Derivative Financial Instruments   

We classify as equity
any contracts that require physical settlement or net-share settlement or provide us a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement
in our own shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement) provided that such contracts are indexed to our own stock as defined
in ASC 815-40 ( Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ). We classify as assets or liabilities any contracts that
require net-cash settlement (including a requirement to net cash settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside
our control) or give the counterparty a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share
settlement). We assess classification of our common stock purchase warrants and other free standing derivatives at each reporting
date to determine whether a change in classification between assets and liabilities is required. 

Fair Value
Measurements   

We adopted the provisions
of ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting
pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. 

The estimated fair
value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these
instruments. The carrying amounts of our short and long term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields
on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other features such as concurrent issuances
of warrants and/or embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk. 

ASC 820 defines fair
value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure
fair value: 

Level 1   quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2   quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable 

Level 3   inputs
that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) 

Net Loss Per
Share   

Basic net loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net loss per share is computed giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the period.
Dilutive potential common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants and conversion
of preferred stock and convertible debt. Such potentially dilutive shares are excluded when the effect would be to reduce a net
loss per share. No dilution adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares in the periods presented
because the assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the conversion of preferred stock and debt would be anti-dilutive. 

The following table
sets forth the potential shares of common stock that are not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share: 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   

From time to time
new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that may
have an impact on the Company s accounting and reporting. The Company believes that such recently issued accounting pronouncements
and other authoritative guidance for which the effective date is in the future will not have an impact on its accounting or reporting
or that such impact will not be material to its financial position, results of operations and cash flows when implemented. 

4. NOTES PAYABLE  

Other Notes Payable  

As of December 31,
2015 and 2014 Other Notes Payable consists of: 

5. SEGMENT REPORTING, GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION  

(a) Business segments 

The Company operates
in two business segments: Vycor Medical, which focuses on devices for neurosurgery; and NovaVision, which focuses on neuro stimulation
therapies and diagnostic devices for the treatment and screening of vision field loss. Set out below are the revenues, gross profits
and total assets for each segment. 

(b) Geographic information.
The Company operates in two geographic segments, the United States and Europe. Set out below are the revenues, gross profits and
total assets for each segment. 

6. FIXED ASSETS  

As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, Fixed Assets and the estimated lives used in the computation of depreciation are as follows: 

Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $269,672 and $254,608 respectively, including $8,629 and $14,383 respectively
for Therapy Devices which is allocated to Cost of Sales. 

7. INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, Intangible
Assets consists of: 

Intangible asset
amortization expense for the periods ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $99,291and $128,381, respectively. 

8. EQUITY  

Equity Transactions   

During January to
December 2015, the Company issued: 12,180 shares of Common Stock (valued at $20,000) to Steven Girgenti, 15,145 shares of Common
Stock (valued at $20,000) to Oscar Bronsther and 15,145 shares of Common Stock (valued at $20,000) to Lowell Rush in consideration
for services provided to the Board of Directors; and 5,023 shares of Common Stock (valued at $7,500) to Alvaro Pasual-Leone, 8,270
shares of Common Stock (valued at $12,500) to Josef Zihl and 6,153 shares of Common Stock (valued at $7,500) to each of Jason
Barton and Jose Romano in respect of their roles as members of the NovaVision, Inc. Scientific Advisory Board. 

During January to
December 2015, in accordance with the terms the Consulting Agreement, the Company issued 49,819 shares of Common Stock (valued
at $90,000) to Fountainhead. 

During 2015, in accordance
with the terms of investor relations advisory agreements, the Company issued 27,779 shares of Common Stock (valued at $50,000)
to Acorn Partners, LLC and 6,994 shares of Common Stock (valued at $10,000) to Liolios Group Inc. 

During 2015 Series
D Preferred Stock, convertible into shares of Common Stock at $2.15, was issued in respect of Preferred Dividends as follows:
11,691 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (valued at $116,915), convertible into 54,377 shares of Common Stock to Fountainhead;
4,313 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (valued at $43,130), convertible into 20,060 shares of Common Stock to Peter Zachariou;
and 773 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (valued at $7,731), convertible into 3,595 shares of Common Stock to Craig Kirsch. 

Outstanding
Warrants and Options   

The details of the
outstanding rights, options and warrants and value of such rights, options and warrants are as follows: 

As of December 31,
2015, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding warrants and options is 1.25 and 2.18 years, respectively. 

9. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  

Stock Option Plan  

Under ASC Topic 718,
the Company estimates the fair value of option awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. The grant date fair
value is recognized over the option vesting period, the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange
for the award. No compensation cost is recognized for equity instruments for which employees do not render the requisite service.
Under these standards, compensation cost for employee cost for employee stock-based awards is based on the estimated grant-date
fair value and recognized over the vesting period of the applicable award on a straight-line basis. 

For the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recognized share-based compensation of $25,011 and $0, respectively for the issuance of
stock options. 

Stock appreciation
rights may be granted either on a stand alone basis or in conjunction with all or part of any other stock options granted under
the plan. As of December 31, 2015 there were no awards of any stock appreciation rights. 

The Company from
time to time issues common stock, stock options or common stock warrants to acquire services or goods from non-employees. Common
stock, stock options and common stock warrants issued to other than employees or directors are recorded on the basis of their
fair value, which is measured as of the  measurement date  using an option pricing model. The  measurement date 
for options and warrants related to contracts that have substantial disincentives to non-performance is the date of the contract,
and for all other contracts is the vesting date. Expense related to the options and warrants is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the life of the option or warrant. 

Non-Employee Stock
Compensation  

Aggregate stock-based
compensation expense charged to operations for stock and warrants granted to the above non-employees for the year ended December
31, 2015 was $249,492. As of December 31, 2015, there was $0 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to warrant and stock
awards and non-vested options. 

Stock-based Compensation
Valuation Methodology  

Stock-based compensation
resulting from the issuance of Common Stock is calculated by reference to the valuation of the Stock on the date of issuance,
the expense being recognized as the compensation is earned. Stock-based compensation expenses related to employee options and
warrants granted to non-employees are recognized as the stock options and warrants are earned. The fair value of the stock options
or warrants granted is estimated at the grant date, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the life of the option or warrant.
The grant date fair value of employee share options and similar instruments is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model on the basis of the fair value of the underlying common stock on the measurement date, adjusted for the unique characteristics
of those equity instruments, using the assumptions noted in the table below. The fair value of the common stock is determined
by the then-prevailing private placement purchase price. Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of a peer
group of publicly traded companies. The expected term of options and warrants was based upon the life of the option, and the risk-free
rate used was based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rate. 

The stock compensation
expensed during the year ended December 31, 2015 resulted only from the issuance of Common Stock valued on the date of issuance.
The following assumptions were used in calculations of the Black-Scholes option pricing model for warrant-based stock compensation
in year ended December 31, 2015: 

10.  FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS  

The Company has adopted
ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period. The
adoption of ASC 820 did not have an impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Under the terms of
the Offering, during the period January 2 to April 25, 2014, in five separate closings, a total of 2,397,631 Series A Warrants
and Placement Agent Warrants were issued as part of the Offering, which carried anti-dilution rights. Effective May 15, 2014 these
anti-dilution rights were waived for all but 34,723 of the Series A Warrants and for all of the Placement Agent Warrants. The
Company accounts for the Series A Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D, whereby under that provision,
because they have anti-dilution rights, they do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability.
Accordingly, the Company classifies the warrant instrument as a liability at its fair value and adjusts the instrument to fair
value at each reporting period. The anti-dilution provisions expired on June 11, 2015 and accordingly the liability has been extinguished. 

The following table
presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (the Series A
Warrants described above) as of September 30, 2014 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company
utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable
such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points
for the liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the liability: 

The table below provides
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the liabilities measured using fair significant unobservable inputs
(Level 3): 

The following assumptions
were used in calculations of the Monte Carlo Simulation model for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

11.  INCOME
TAXES   

Loss Before
Taxes   

The reconciliation
of income tax expense at the U.S. statutory rate of 35% in 2015 and 2014, to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Deferred Income
Taxes   

The Company has incurred
net operating losses since inception. The Company has not reflected any tax benefit related to such net operating losses in the
financial statements. Prior to August 15, 2007 the Company was a limited liability company and losses were passed through to the
individual members, therefore the Company only has potential tax benefits from the date it became a  C  corporation. 

Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company and its subsidiaries  deferred
tax assets at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 are as follows: 

In assessing the
realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income. 

The authoritative
guidance requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence, it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on the level of historical
taxable losses and projections of future taxable income (losses) over the periods in which the deferred tax assets can be realized,
management currently believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of these deductible
differences. Accordingly, management has determined that a 100% valuation allowance is appropriate at December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014. 

Net Operating
Loss Carry-Forwards   

As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company had U.S. accumulated losses for tax purposes of approximately $16,000,000 and $13,800,000 respectively,
which may be carried forward and offset against U.S. taxable income, and which expire during the tax years 2027 through 2032. 

Federal tax laws
impose significant restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards and in the event of a change in ownership
of the Company, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company s net operating loss carry-forwards may
be subject to the above limitations. 

As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company had German accumulated losses for tax purposes of approximately $688,000 and $740,000 respectively,
which may be carried forward and offset against German taxable income subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Such carry-forwards
are subject to certain restrictions and limitations in the event of changes in the NovaVision GmbH s ownership. 

As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company had UK accumulated losses for tax purposes of approximately $199,000 and $180,000 respectively, which
may be carried forward and offset against UK taxable income subject to certain restrictions and limitations. 

Tax Rates   

The applicable US
income tax rate for the Company for both of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was 35%. Non-US subsidiaries are taxed
according to the tax laws in their respective country of residence. The German applicable rate for both of the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 was 31.58%; the UK applicable rate for both the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was 20%. 

US income taxes and
foreign withholding taxes were not provided for on undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. The Company
intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in its foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed to US in the form
of dividends or otherwise, after the repayment of intercompany debt, the Company would be subject to additional US income taxes
(subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and foreign withholding taxes. 

Uncertain Tax
Position   

The Company has recorded
no liability for income taxes associated with unrecognized tax benefits at the date of adoption and has not recorded any liability
associated with unrecognized tax benefits during 2015 and 2014. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any interest or penalty
in regard to any unrecognized benefit. 

12. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES  

Lease   

The Company leases
approximately 10,000 sq. ft. located at 6401 Congress Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487 from Catexor Limited Partnership for
a gross rent of $14,260 plus sales tax per month. The term of the lease is 5 years and 6 months terminating July, 2017. The Company s
subsidiaries in Germany and the UK occupy properties on short term lease agreements. Rent expense for the year ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 was $204,445 and $202,083 respectively 

Potential German
tax liability   

In June 2012 the
Company s German subsidiary received a preliminary assessment for Magdeburg City trade tax of approximately  75,000
(approximately $94,000). This assessment is for the 2010 fiscal year and relates to the Company s acquisition of the assets
of the former NovaVision, Inc. An initial assessment for corporate tax for the same period has been preliminarily reduced to zero.
The Company has not accepted this trade tax assessment and is in discussion with the relevant tax authorities with a view to its
reduction. The tax authorities have agreed to suspend the assessment pending the outcome of certain court hearings, and the Company
has agreed to make limited monthly payments on account. To the extent that this assessment (either a higher or a reduced amount)
is ultimately confirmed by the tax authorities, the Company believes it has a very strong claim against certain professional advisors
which would offset the liability in full. Accordingly, the Company has made no provision for this liability years ended December
31 2015 and 2014 respectively, other than recording the monthly payments as an expense. 

Potential China
Patent Infringement   

The Company was made
aware in 2012 that a competitor had been granted a patent for related technology, and appeared to be entering the market with
products that infringe the Company s own issued patent. Following investigation, the Company initiated an invalidation of
the competitor s patent; in March 2014 the Patent Re-examination Board issued an Examination Decision invalidating all the
claims of the competitor s patent. The competitor appealed the decision, but the Company has contested the appeal. A final
decision on the appeal is pending. The Company has, in the interim, also prepared to enforce its own patent against this competitor,
however this competitor appears to have abandoned its product offering, making an enforcement action moot for the time being.
The Company has also been made aware that a second competitor has filed a patent application for related technology and also may
be producing a product that potentially infringes the Company s patent, and has filed documents with the State Intellectual
Property Office opposing grant of the patent application. As a general rule the Company intends to take all necessary action to
protect its patent portfolio. As with all patent infringement actions, there is some risk that the accused infringer will not
be found to infringe the claims, and an additional risk that the accused infringer will successfully challenge the validity of
the asserted claims. 

13. CONSULTING AND
OTHER AGREEMENTS  

The following agreements
were entered into or remained in force during the year ended December 31, 2015: 

Consulting
Agreement with Fountainhead   

Effective as of January
2, 2014, the Company and Fountainhead amended their Consulting Agreement to extend the term of the Consulting Agreement to January
2, 2015, such Agreement being automatically extended on the same terms unless terminated by either party. During fiscal year 2015,
a monthly fee was payable to Fountainhead in the amount of $10,000 per month, payable $5,000 in cash and the remainder payable
in Company Common Stock deliverable at the end of each fiscal quarter. Effective September 2015, Fountainhead agreed to receive
all of the fees in Common Stock. 

Investor Relations
Agreements   

In January 2015,
as amended in May 2015, the Company entered into a twelve month agreement, subject to early termination, to provide financial
advisory, strategic business planning and professional relations services, with Acorn Management Partners ( Acorn ).
Under the terms of the Agreement, as amended in May and July 2015, Acorn received a total of $53,000 in cash and $50,000 in shares
of Restricted Common Stock during the period. The Acorn Agreement was terminated in October 2015. 

 In August 2015, the
Company entered into a three month agreement to provide investor relations advisory and consulting services, with Liolios Group,
Inc. ( Liolios ). Under the terms of the Liolios Agreement, Liolios received $15,000 in cash and $10,000 in Restricted
Common Stock. The Liolios agreement was terminated at the end of the three month period. 

14. RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS  

Peter Zachariou,
director and David Cantor, director are investment managers of Fountainhead Capital Management which is a related party due to
the size of its shareholding. Adrian Liddell, Chairman is a consultant for Fountainhead Capital Management. 

During 2015, in accordance
with the terms the Consulting Agreement, the Company issued 49,819 shares of Common Stock (valued at $90,000) to Fountainhead. 

During 2015 Preferred
D Stock, convertible into shares of Common Stock, was issued in respect of Preferred Dividends as follows: 11,691 shares of Preferred
D Stock (valued at $116,915), convertible into 54,377 shares of Common Stock to Fountainhead; and 4,313 shares of Preferred D
Stock (valued at $43,130), convertible into 20,060 shares of Common Stock to Peter Zachariou. 

There were no other
related party transactions during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

15. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

There are no material
subsequent events. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.  

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

(a)   Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

We are required to
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer
(also our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Pursuant to Rule
13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company s management, including the
Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) (the Company s principal executive officer) and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ) (the Company s principal financial and accounting officer), has evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2015 to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

(b)    Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the
company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the company;   

Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company
    are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and   

Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how
well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control,
there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial
reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible
to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

We carried out an
assessment, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December 31, 2015. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) .
Based on that assessment and on those criteria, our CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2015. 

This annual report
does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the SEC that permit us to provide only the management s report in this annual report. 

(c)   Changes in
Internal Controls   

There have not been
any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the fiscal period to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s
management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

PART
III  

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Our Directors
and Executive Officers  

Set forth below is
certain biographical information concerning our current executive officers and directors. We currently have two executive officers
as described below. 

Directors
    and Executive Officers   
       
       Position/Title   
       
       Age     
 
      Peter
    C. Zachariou  
       
      Chief
    Executive Officer and a Director  
       
      54   
 
      David
    Marc Cantor  
       
      President
    and a Director  
       
      49   
 
      Adrian
    Christopher Liddell  
       
      Chairman
    of the Board, Chief Financial Officer and a Director  
       
      57   
 
      Steven
    Girgenti  
       
      Director  
       
      70   
 
      Oscar
    Bronsther, M.D.  
       
      Director  
       
      63   
 
      Lowell
    Rush  
       
      Director  
       
      59   
 
      Pascale
    Mangiardi  
       
      Director  
       
      43   

Peter C. Zachariou,
  54, was appointed a Director of the Company in May 2010, Executive Vice President in September 2010 and Chief Executive
Officer on January 2, 2014. He is an investment manager for Fountainhead Capital Management Limited, an investment company based
in Jersey, Channel Islands, which invests in, raises capital for and provides strategic advice to growth companies in healthcare
and other sectors. For the past 20 years, Mr. Zachariou has been an active investor in a variety of companies and industries,
both public and private, specializing in workouts and capital formation. Mr. Zachariou s investments and activities have
predominantly been in U.S. emerging and growth companies across a broad range of industry sectors. He has also been proprietor
and operator of several businesses in the U.K. and U.S. in the manufacturing, retail and leisure industries. 

David Marc
Cantor,   49, has been President of the Company since September 2010 and a Director since January 2010. He is an investment
manager of Fountainhead Capital Management Limited, an investment company based in Jersey, Channel Islands, which invests in,
raises capital for and provides strategic advice to growth companies across a broad range of sectors. Mr. Cantor has over 22 years
experience in Investment Banking with a focus on Mergers and Acquisitions and Equity Capital Raisings. Prior to Fountainhead from
2001   2005 he was at Citigroup Capital Markets where he was Co-head of its European Business Development Group and subsequently
European Head of its Diversified Industrials and Aerospace activities. Prior to Citigroup he was a Managing Director in M A
at Donaldson Lufkin   Jenrette and worked at Lehman Brothers both in New York and London in both the Equity Capital and M A
groups. Mr. Cantor has a BSc with Honours from City Business School, London. 

Adrian Christopher
Liddell,   57, has been Chairman of the Board and a Director of the Company since January 2010, and serves as the Company s
CFO. He is an advisor to Fountainhead Capital Management Limited, an investment company based in Jersey, Channel Islands, which
invests in, raises capital for and provides strategic advice to growth companies in healthcare and other sectors. Mr. Liddell
has over 30 years of strategic, corporate and financial advisory and company investment experience. From 2003-2006, Mr. Liddell
was an investment advisor at Phoenix Equity Partners, a European private equity fund. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Liddell served as
Managing Director, Mergers   Acquisitions at Donaldson Lufkin   Jenrette and then Citigroup in London. From 1984 to 1998,
Mr. Liddell held various positions at Samuel Montagu   Co, and Lehman Brothers in London. Mr. Liddell qualified as a Chartered
Accountant in 1984 and holds an MA from Christ s College, University of Cambridge. 

Steven Girgenti  ,
70, has been a director since November 2008 and is Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee and of the Compensation
Committee. He is presently the Managing Partner of Medi-Pharm Consulting, LLC providing strategic services to a number of medical
device, pharmaceutical and diagnostic businesses. Steve was formerly President, CEO, Director and Co-Founder of DermWorx, a specialty
pharmaceutical company dedicated to solutions for dermatological conditions. Steve was also the Worldwide Chairman of Ogilvy Healthworld,
a leading global healthcare communications network with 55 offices in 36 countries. The network has more than 1,000 brand assignments
from nearly 200 clients worldwide, providing strategic marketing and communications services to many of the world s leading
healthcare companies. Mr. Girgenti founded Healthworld in 1986 and, under his leadership, the company made numerous acquisitions
to expand and diversify the business. Healthworld went public in 1997. In 1998, and again in 1999, Business Week named Healthworld
one of the  Best Small Corporations in America . In 1999, Forbes listed Healthworld as one of the  200 Best
Small Companies . Mr. Girgenti was recognized as  Entrepreneur of the Year  by NASDAQ in 1999, and was named
Med Ad News  first  Medical Advertising Man of the Year  in 2000. In 2010 he was inducted into the Medical Advertising
Hall of Fame. In addition to Vycor Medical, Mr. Girgenti is a presently Executive Chairman of BioAffinity Technologies, Inc. (formerly
known as Biomoda, Inc.) and has served as a Director of Burren Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacon International. He is also Vice Chairman
of the Board of Governors for the Mt. Sinai Hospital Prostate Disease and Research Center in New York City, and is on the Board
of Directors for Jack Martin Fund, a Mt. Sinai Hospital affiliated charitable organization devoted to pediatric oncology research.
He graduated from Columbia University and has worked in the pharmaceutical industry since 1968 for companies such as Bristol-Myers
Squibb, Carter Wallace and DuPont, as well as advertising agencies that specialize in healthcare. During his career, Steve has
held positions in marketing research, product management, new product planning and commercial development. 

Oscar Bronsther,
M.D., F.A.C.S,   63, has been a director since November 2011. Dr. Bronsther is Chief Executive Officer of MetaStat, Inc.
(OTCBB: MTST), a development stage life sciences company that develops and commercializes diagnostic products for the early and
reliable prediction and treatment of systemic metastasisis. Dr Bronsther is also currently Clinical Professor at George Washington
University, Washington, DC and has served in that capacity since 2002. He had previously served as an Associate Professor at the
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY (1994-2001), University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA (1989-1994) and University of California
San Diego (1984), and Chairman, Section of General Surgery at Inova Fairfax Hospital. Since 2002, he has served as a Board Member,
National Board Member and Director of Transplant Services of Kaiser Permanente Medical Group. Dr. Bronsther is a graduate of the
University of Rochester (B.A. 1973) and Downstate Medical Center, Brooklyn, N.Y. (M.D. 1978). He did post-graduate work at Downstate
Medical Center (Research Assistant 1975; Kidney Transplant Fellowship 1983-1984), Mount Sinai Medical Center, New York, N.Y (Residency
1978-1983) and Children s Hospital Medical Center, Boston, MA (Research Fellowship 1980-1981). He resides in Potomac, MD. 

Lowell Rush  ,
59, was appointed a Director in April 2013 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Rush has extensive experience in financial
management and operational development, and since December 2013 has been Chief Financial Officer of Ft. Lauderdale-based Direct
Insite Corp. (OTCQB:DIRI), a leading provider of cloud-based e-invoicing solutions. Previously, he was Chief Operating Officer
of Miami-based Cosmetic Dermatology, Inc., and held positions as: CFO of Bijoux Terner, LLC (2008-2010); CFO of Little Switzerland,
Inc. (2006-2008); and VP Sales Operations of Rewards Network, Inc. He is a CPA with an MBA in International Business, who has
also held financial management roles at multi-national companies Sunglass Hut International, Burger King Corporation and Knight-Ridder,
Inc. He began his career with the accounting firms Ernst   Young and Deloitte   Touche. 

Pascale Mangiardi  ,
43, has been our director since October 2007. She is presently the founder and President of Rougemont Management Services LLC.
From 2002-2006, she was a financial officer for John R. Mangiardi, MD, PC and from 2001 - 2002, she was the Assistant CEO at Hirslanden-Group
Management AG, Zurich. Ms. Mangiardi holds a Diploma from the Swiss Business Administration School. 

All of our directors
hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors have been elected or qualified.
Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. There are no family relationships among our directors or executive
officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our officers and directors pursuant to which any director
or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there is no arrangement, plan or understanding as to whether
non-management stockholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current board of directors. 

None of our directors
and executive officers have during the past five years: 

had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at
    the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   

been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding and is not subject to a pending criminal proceeding;   

been
    subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
    permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities,
    futures, commodities or banking activities;   

or
    been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed,
    suspended or vacated.   

Committees of
the Board of Directors  

Our Company has three
committees of its Board of Directors (a) a Nominating and Governance Committee (b) a Management Compensation Committee and
(c) an Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has approved charters for each committee. Steven Girgenti is Chairman of the Nominating
and Governance Committee and the Management Compensation Committee, and Lowell Rush is a member. Lowell Rush is Chairman of the
Audit Committee and Steven Girgenti and Adrian Liddell are members. The Committees are intended to operate consistent with applicable
NASDAQ governance requirements. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation  

None of our executive
officers serves as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more of its
executive officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors. 

Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Pursuant to Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, the Company s executive officers and directors and persons who own more
than 10% of a registered class of the Company s equity securities are required to file with the SEC reports of their ownership
of, and transactions in, the Company s common stock. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.  

The following is
a summary of the compensation we paid for each of the last two years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively (i) to the
persons who acted as our principal executive officer during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and (ii) to the person who
acted as our next most highly compensated executive officer other than our principal executive officer who was serving as an executive
officer as of the end of our last fiscal year. 

Name
    and Principal Position  

Year  

Salary  
          ($)    

Bonus  
          ($)    

Stock
                                         Awards  
          ($)    

Option
                                         Awards  
          ($)    

Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation   

Non-Qualified
                                         Deferred  
          Compensation Earnings  
          ($)   

All
                                         other  
          Compensation  
          ($)   

Total  
          ($)    

Peter Zachariou  

2014  

$  

CEO  

2015  

$  

David Cantor  

2014  

$  

President  

2015  

$  

OUTSTANDING EQUITY
AWARDS  

Grants of Plan-Based
Awards  

Equity
    Compensation Plan Information   
 
       Plan
    category   
       
      Number
    of securitiesto be issued uponexercise of outstandingoptions, warrants and rights(a)  

Weighted-averageexercise
    price ofoutstanding options,warrants and rights  

Number
    of securitiesremaining available forfuture issuance underequity compensationplans (excluding securitiesreflected in column
    (a)  

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders  

6,667  

$  
      20.25  

17,676  

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders  

3,333  

28.50  

Total  

7,000  

$  
      20.70  

17,676  

(1) As of December
31, 2015 

Warrants Issued
to Management  

Name   
       
       Grant
    Date   
       
       Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Exercisable Warrants   
       
       Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Exercisable Warrants   
       
       Warrant
    Exercise Price($)   
       
       Warrant
    Expiration Date    
 
      None  

Total   

-  

Employment Agreements  

Effective September
30, 2010, the Company entered into virtually identical employment agreements with David Cantor to serve as the Company s
Interim President and Peter C. Zachariou to serve as the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer. Each employment agreement
continued until August 30, 2011 and was then automatically extended unless terminated by either party, and provided that the executives
receive no compensation for services rendered under the agreements. 

Effective January
2, 2014, the Company entered into: amended employment agreements with Peter Zachariou and David Cantor to serve as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and President respectively; and an employment agreement with Adrian Liddell to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. Each agreement continues for a period of twelve months from the date of the Initial Closing and is then
automatically extended unless terminated by either party. The agreements provide for no monthly compensation to be payable, but
a deferred compensation payable of $110,000 for each individual, subject to certain conditions and milestones being met. The compensation
will be payable in cash or Restricted Shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

In March 2016 the
Board of Directors approved the issuance of options to purchase 220,000 shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Vycor Medical,
Inc. 2008 Stock Option Plan to each of Peter C. Zachariou, David Cantor and Adrian Liddell, such options to vest immediately upon
issuance. The exercise price of the options is based upon 110% of the closing price of the Company s Common Stock the day
prior to issuance, and the options are exercisable for a period of three years from issuance. 

Compensation of
Directors  

During the period
January 1, 2015 through March 25 2016, we granted Steven Girgenti, Oscar Bronsther, M.D. and Lowell Rush a total of 17,862, 15,145
and 15,145 shares of the Company s Common Stock respectively for their service to the Board of Directors. Each of Mr. Girgenti,
Dr. Bronsther and Mr. Rush are entitled to receive $5,000 in cash or stock at the option of the company per quarter. No other
directors of the Company receive compensation for their service to the Company other than as disclosed under  Employment Agreements
 above. 

During 2015 the Company
adopted a Deferred Compensation Plan for directors whereby the directors may defer their director s compensation to the
January 15th following the termination of their service as a director. The Deferred Compensation Plan came into effect on January
1, 2016. Of the shares listed above, 5,682 shares granted to Steven Girgenti in January 2016 are deferred under the Plan. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.  

The following table
sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or group owning
more than 5% of any class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and president and (iv) all
executive officers and directors as a group as of April 4, 2014. Unless noted, the address for the following beneficial owners
and management is 6401 Congress Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487. 

* Less than 1% 

(1) In
determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, the number of shares shown includes shares
which the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures, warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days.
In the case of directors, the number of shares includes shares granted but not issued under the director s Deferred Compensation
Plan. In determining the percent of Common Stock or Series D Preferred Stock owned by a person or entity on March 25, 2016, (a)
the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which the beneficial
ownership may acquire within 60 days of exercise of debentures, warrants and options, and the issuance of shares granted but not
issued under the director s Deferred Compensation Plan; and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of that
class outstanding on March 25, 2016 (10,937,250 shares of Common Stock and 261,167 shares of Series D Preferred Stock) and (ii)
the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the debentures, warrants and options or that
can be issued under the director s Deferred Compensation Plan. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power
to vote and dispose of its shares 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

Related Party
Transactions   

Please refer to Financial
Statement, Note 14, which is incorporated in its entirety by this reference 

Director Independence   

As of March 25, 2016,
of our seven (7) directors, Steven Girgenti, Oscar Bronsther, Lowell Rush and Pascale Mangiardi are considered  independent 
in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. The remaining three (3) directors are not considered  independent .
Therefore a majority of the board is independent. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.  

Audit Fees  

The aggregate fees
billed by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in
the quarterly reports and other fees that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, were approximately $46,500
and $43,250. 

Tax Fees  

The fees billed for
professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $2,000 and $2,000 respectively. 

All Other Fees  

There were no fees
billed for other products or services provided by our principal accountant for 2015 or 2014. 

PART
IV  

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

The following documents
are filed as part of this 10-K: 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following documents are filed in Part
II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K: 

2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

All financial statement
schedules have been omitted as they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 

3. EXHIBITS 

The exhibits listed
below are filed as part of or incorporated by reference in this report. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Vycor
    Medical, Inc.     

(Registrant)

By:
       
       /s/
    Peter C. Zachariou      

Peter
    C. Zacharion     

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)     

Date
       
      November
    8, 2016     

By:
       
       /s/
    Adrian Liddell      

Adrian
    Liddell     

Chairman
    of the Board and Director     

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)     

Date
       
      November
    8, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacity and on the date indicated. 

By:
      
       /s/
    Peter C. Zachariou    

Peter C. Zachariou

Chief Executive Officer
    and Director    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    David Marc Cantor    

David Marc Cantor

President and Director
    (Principal Executive Officer)    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Adrian Christopher Liddell    

Adrian Christopher
    Liddell    

Chairman of the Board
    and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Steven Girgenti    

Steven Girgenti    

Director    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Oscar Bronsther, M.D.    

Oscar Bronsther, M.D.

Director    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:
      
       /s/
    Lowell Rush    

Lowell Rush   

Director    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

By:  

Pascale
    Mangiardi    

Director    

Date   
      November 8, 2016   

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

I,
Peter Zachariou, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this amended Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 of Vycor Medical, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and    

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 8, 2016  

/s/
    Peter Zachariou   

Peter
    Zachariou  

Principal
    Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

I, Adrian Liddell, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed
    this amended Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 of Vycor Medical, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
    within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      I have disclosed,
    based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
    audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and    

b.  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/
    Adrian Liddell   

Adrian Liddell  

Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of
Vycor Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The amended annual report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Form 10-K ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/
    Peter Zachariou    

Peter Zachariou   

Principal Executive
    Officer    

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and will be retained by VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2  

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Vycor Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that:  

The
amended annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Form 10-K ) of the Company fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained
in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 8, 2016  

/s/
    Adrian Liddell    

Adrian
    Liddell   

Principal
    Accounting Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and will be retained
by VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

