<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-K-A_edgar_data_1035354_0001144204-16-134983_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>151436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>29967</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>97229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134983.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161116164831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134983
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035354
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				841368850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31326
		FILM NUMBER:		162002936

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10210 CAMPUS POINT DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 864-4444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10210 CAMPUS POINT DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NAVA LEISURE USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134983.txt : 20161116

10-K/A
 1
 v452924_10ka.htm
 10-K/A

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K/A  

  (Amendment No. 2)  

 (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from
___________ to _____________ 

Commission file number:  001-31326  

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
 
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
       
      84-1368850   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
 
      incorporation or organization) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
       
     Name of each exchange on which registered  

None  

Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share.  

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     Yes
         No  x  

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.     Yes
         No  x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes  x       No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x       No

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See definitions of  accelerated filer ,  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
     
         Accelerated
filer       

Non-accelerated filer      
     Smaller reporting company  x   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes          No
 x  

As of December 31,
2015, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was  $6,807,255 ,
based on the closing sales price as reported on the OTCQB Marketplace on that date. 

The number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of October 24, 2016: 

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

We are filing this Amendment No. 2 on
Form 10-K/A (this  Amendment ) to amend our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on October 13, 2016, as amended by
Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on October 28, 2016 (as so amended, the  Original Filing ) to
correct, among other things, an error in the Summary Compensation Table in Part III, Item 11 of the Original Filing. 

In accordance with Rule 12b-15 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), Item 11 of the Original Filing is hereby amended
and restated in its entirety as set forth below. This Amendment does not amend or otherwise update any other information in the
Original Filing. Accordingly, this Amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original Filing. 

In addition, as required by Rule 12b-15
under the Exchange Act, new certificates by our principal executive officer and principal financial officer are filed as exhibits
to this Amendment. 

PART III  

Item 11.    Executive Compensation.  

Summary Compensation Table  

The following table sets forth
information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and June
30, 2015, if applicable, awarded to, earned by or paid to: (i) all persons that served as our Chief Executive Officer during Fiscal
2016; (ii) our three most highly compensated executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer who were serving as executive
officers at the end of Fiscal 2016; and (iii) individuals who would qualify under (ii) but for the fact that the individual was
not serving as an executive officer at the end of the fiscal year, collectively referred to herein as the named executive officers.
No other executive officers who would have otherwise been includable in such table on the basis of total compensation for Fiscal
2016 have been excluded by reason of their termination of employment or change in executive status during that year. 

(1)  Sevion s fiscal year ends on June 30.   

(2)  Such amount represents actual salary paid, including such amounts deferred in connection with our 401K plan.   

(3)  The amounts shown are the grant date fair value of stock options granted to each named executive officer, in accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718 pursuant to the Black-Scholes pricing model. For a discussion of valuation assumptions used in the calculations,
see Notes 2 and 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company
with the SEC on October 13, 2016. The grant date fair values used to calculate such compensation costs were not adjusted to take
into account any estimated forfeitures.   

(4)  Mr. Rector was appointed as the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer on January 9, 2015 and is a consultant of the
Company.   

Narrative Explanation of Certain Aspects of the
Summary Compensation Table  

Each of our named executive
officers is eligible to receive (i) a base salary and (ii) an annual performance bonus payable in cash, stock or a combination
at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board of directors, or the Compensation Committee. 

Cash Compensation  

The base salary for each of our named executive
officers for our Fiscal 2016, is listed in the table below: 

On March 23, 2016, our senior
management team recommended to our board of directors that certain executive level salaries be reduced by upwards of 80%, depending
on position, to support our goal of cutting expenses and preserving our cash on hand. The salary reductions listed above were a
result of such decision. 

The Compensation Committee determined,
as a result of reviewing several factors, and primarily because of our limited cash resources reserved for research and development
activities, that no bonuses were or would be granted for Fiscal 2016. 

Equity Compensation  

During
Fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee determined that the performance metrics for the option granted in Fiscal 2015 had not
been fully met. Therefore, a percentage of the options granted in Fiscal 2015 were forfeited as follows: 

The grant date fair values used
to calculate such compensation costs were not adjusted to take into account the effect of the forfeitures. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards  

The Company did not grant any
stock awards, option awards or equity incentive plan awards to its named executive officers during the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

The following table summarizes
the equity awards we have made to our named executive officers, which remain outstanding as of June 30, 2016. 

(1)  Such amounts consist of performance based options with the maximum number of option shares in which the optionee may vest to
be determined by the Compensation Committee within 90 days following the fiscal year-end based on achievement of performance metrics
and shall vest one-quarter on the first anniversary of the date of grant with one-thirty-sixth of the balance vesting each month
thereafter with continued service.   

(2)  47,114 of the options were exercisable on the date of grant, with one-twenty-eighth of the balance vesting each month thereafter.   

Option Exercises and Stock Vested  

There were no option exercises or stock
vested activity for our named executive officers during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

Executive Benefits and Perquisites  

In General    The named executive
officers are also provided with certain market competitive benefits, described below. It is the Compensation Committee s
belief that such benefits are necessary for us to remain competitive and to attract and retain top caliber executive officers,
since such benefits are typically provided by companies in the biotechnology industry and with other companies with which we compete
for executive talent. 

Retirement Benefits    The
named executive officers may participate in our 401(k) plans administered by Sevion and Fabrus, Sevion s wholly-owned subsidiary 

Other Benefits and Perquisites   
All administrative employees, including the named executive officers, are eligible to receive standard health, disability, and
life insurance. We do not provide any additional benefits and perquisites. 

Severance and Change in
Control Benefits   

Retention Policy    

On October
9, 2012, our board of directors approved a Retention Policy for those officers who do not have an employment agreement as of the
date of their termination (the  Policy ). Pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Policy, in the event that an
officer is terminated or resigns for good reason (as such term is defined in the Policy) in connection with a change of control
transaction (as such term is defined in the Policy), such officer will be entitled to receive the following (subject to the limitation
discussed below): 

(i)          The involuntary termination
benefits provided in the officer s employment agreement, if any, including unpaid compensation and benefits. 

(ii)         The full incentive bonus
allocated to the officer for the calendar year in which termination occurs, as determined by the Board. 

(iii)        A multiple of the officer s
annual base salary: (CEO=2x, CFO=1.5x, VP R D=1.5x, VP Clinical=1.5x, other officers=1x). 

(iv)        Medical coverage with
term equal to base salary continuation under the Company s group health insurance. 

(v)         Allowance for all vested
options to be exercisable for the remainder of each such vested option s full remaining exercise period. 

(vi)        Immediate vesting of
all unvested options granted to the officer. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the aggregate compensation set forth in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above to be paid to all officers exceeds
10% of the value of the transaction as determined by the parties (as reflected in a definitive agreement, including the fair market
value of any publicly traded securities), or if not reflected in a definitive agreement, then as determined by a qualified, independent
third party selected by our board of directors, then the board of directors shall have the discretion to reduce such compensation
pro-rata to the extent necessary to consummate the change of control transaction. 

The Policy
also provides that our board of directors shall have discretion to grant a termination package in the event an officer is terminated
by the board without cause (as such term is defined in the Policy) or resigns for good reason (as such term is defined in the Policy). 

The Compensation
Committee believes that the severance benefits under the Policy provide financial protection against the potential loss of employment
in designated circumstances and will allow our executive officers to focus attention on changes that are in the best interests
of the stockholders, without undue concern as to each officer s own financial situation. The Compensation Committee also
believes the accelerated vesting of equity awards is justified because those awards are designed to serve as the primary vehicle
for the executives to accumulate financial resources for retirement. Finally, given the time periods and risks involved in pharmaceutical
development, the Compensation Committee believes that the extended exercise period is an appropriate way to provide the officers
with an opportunity to realize financial gains from decisions made during his or her tenure as an officer. 

Executive Compensation Agreements  

Consulting Agreement  

On January 9, 2015, we entered
into a consulting agreement with The David Stephen Group LLC, an entity controlled by David Rector, our interim President and Chief
Executive Officer, setting forth Mr. Rector s monthly compensation amount for the provision of his services as our interim
President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as certain other standard provisions, such as confidentiality and invention assignment.
Effective as of March 23, 2016, our consulting agreement with The David Stephen Group LLC was amended to reflect a reduction in
the compensation payable under such agreement. 

Director Compensation  

We pay our non-employee directors
cash compensation, paid in quarterly increments as consideration for their service on our board for each fiscal year as follows: 

(1) $750 for telephonic meetings (less than 30
minutes: $375). 

 (2) $375 for telephonic meetings. 

Equity Compensation  

Equity Election Program   

A director may elect to receive,
in lieu of such cash retainer and meeting fees, either (i) restricted stock units, or RSUs, covering that number of shares having
a fair market value on the grant date equal to such cash award or (ii) a number of option shares equal to twice the number of RSU s
that would have been received, with an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the option
grant date. Such election must be timely made and generally applies for the entire year. The awards are fully-vested on the grant
date and each option has a maximum term of 10 years subject to earlier termination 3 months following cessation of board service.
The RSUs or options are generally granted quarterly, effective two (2) days following the filing of our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q for that quarter, and are fully vested as of the grant date. 

For Fiscal 2016, all of the directors
elected to receive options in lieu of cash. Accordingly, the directors received options to purchase shares of our common stock
pursuant to the provisions of the 2008 Stock Plan and their equity elections with the exercise price per share equal to the closing
price on the option grant date. The dollar amount of the fees paid in equity pursuant to such program by each director for Fiscal
2016 and the number of shares subject to such equity awards was as follows: 

(1) Such director resigned from
the board on March 4, 2016.  

Annual Equity Awards   

We do not automatically grant
options or other equity to our non-employee board members. Our Compensation Committee reviews the equity program each year and
determines the appropriate level of the equity awards to be made for that year. The Compensation Committee did not approve any
grant of options or other equity to our non-employee board members during Fiscal 2016. 

Aggregate Equity Compensation   

The following table sets forth
information relating to the equity awards granted to the non-employee directors during Fiscal 2016. 

Director Compensation Summary  

The table
below shows the compensation paid or awarded to our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

(1)  In accordance with SEC rules, this column reflects the
aggregate grant date fair value of the option awards granted during FY2016 computed in accordance with ASC 718. Assumptions used
in the calculation of these amounts are included in Notes 2 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on October 13, 2016. The grant date fair values used to calculate
such compensation costs were not adjusted to take into account any estimated forfeitures. These amounts do not reflect the actual
economic value that will be realized by the named executive officer upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of the
stock options or the sale of the common stock underlying such stock options. For further information concerning such equity awards,
see the section above entitled  Aggregate Equity Compensation  and the section below entitled  Outstanding Director
Equity Awards.  

Outstanding Director Equity Awards   

The following table shows the
total number of shares of our common stock subject to option awards (vested and unvested) held by each non-employee director as
of June 30, 2016: 

(1) Such director resigned from the board on March
4, 2016. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation  

No member of the Compensation
Committee is or has been an officer or employee of our company or any of our subsidiaries. In addition, no member of the Compensation
Committee had any relationships with us or any other entity that requires disclosure under the regulations promulgated by the SEC
and none of our executive officers served on the Compensation Committee or board of any company that employed any member of our
board in Fiscal 2016. 

Report of the Compensation
Committee  

The Compensation Committee has
reviewed and discussed the section captioned  Executive Compensation  with management, and based on this review and
these discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board that this  Executive Compensation  section be
included in Sevion s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 

This report is submitted on behalf of the   

Compensation 
 Committee   

Steven Rubin, Chairman    

John N. Braca    

PART IV  

Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.  

(a)  (3)  Exhibits. 

Reference is made to the Exhibit Index on Page 13. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized this 16 th  day of November, 2016. 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By: 
     /s/ David Rector  

David Rector, Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

By: 
     /s/ James Schmidt  

James Schmidt, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title   

Date    

/s/ David Rector  
       
      Chief Executive Officer and Director  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      David Rector  
       
      (principal executive officer)  

/s/ James Schmidt  
       
      Chief Financial Officer  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      James Schmidt  
       
      (principal financial and accounting officer)  

/s/ Vaughn M. Smider, M.D.  
       
      Chief Scientific Officer and Director  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      Vaughn Smider, M.D.  

/s/ John Braca  
       
      Director  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      John Braca  

/s/ Phillip Frost, M.D.  
       
      Director  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      Phillip Frost, M.D.  

/s/ Steven Rubin  
       
      Director  
       
      November 16, 2016   
 
      Steven Rubin  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit 
No.  
       
     Description of Exhibit  
 
     31.1   
       
     Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     31.2   
       
     Certification of the principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     32.1   
       
     Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     32.2   
       
     Certification of the principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Filed herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452924_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Rector, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 16, 2016  
      /s/ David Rector   

David Rector   

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452924_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, James Schmidt, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 16, 2016  
      /s/ James Schmidt   

James Schmidt   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452924_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, David Rector, Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that: 

(1)            The Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)            The information contained in the
Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sevion Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Dated:   November 16, 2016 
     /s/ David Rector *  

David Rector  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

* A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to us and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452924_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, James Schmidt, Chief Financial Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that: 

(1)            The Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)            The information contained in the
Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sevion Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Dated:   November 16, 2016 
     /s/ James Schmidt*  

James Schmidt  

Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial and accounting officer)  

* A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to us and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

