<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1009976_0001144204-16-133904_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9659987</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143183</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>349864</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3148627</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4606927</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1210770</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>95</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133904.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114115138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133904
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES INC \OH\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001009976
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				341787239
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27894
		FILM NUMBER:		161992396

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 S SANDUSKY AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 90
		CITY:			UPPER SANDUSKY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43351
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4192945781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 S SANDUSKY AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 90
		CITY:			UPPER SANDUSKY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43351

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133904.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452010_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Quarterly Period ended   September
30, 2016  . Commission File Number   000-27894   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

OHIO   
       34-1787239    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (IRS Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

118 S. Sandusky Avenue, Upper Sandusky,
Ohio 43351  

 (Address of principal executive offices
including zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (419) 294-5781  

N/A  

 (Former Name, Former Address and Former
Fiscal Year, 

 if Changed Since Last Report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes
  x      No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x    
    No         

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one).  

Large accelerated filer   
         
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller Reporting Company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
 No   x     

As
of November 14, 2016, the latest practicable date, there were 1,206,812 outstanding of the registrant s common stock, no
par value.  

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

INDEX 

Page   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Income   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity   
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      26   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      43   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      43   

Part II - Other Information   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      44   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      44   

Item 3.  
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      44   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      46   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      44   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      45   

SIGNATURES   
       
      46   

EXHIBIT:  
      13a-14(a) 302 Certification  
       47   

13a-14(a) 906 Certification  
       49   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

(Dollar amounts in thousands)  

See notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
 
      (Unaudited)   

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per
share data)  

See notes to the consolidated financial
statements.  

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 
      (Unaudited)   

(Dollar amounts in thousands)  

See notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES   
 
      IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
 
      (Unaudited)   

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per
share data)  

See notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      (Unaudited)   

See notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
1       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles of Consolidation : The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Commercial Bancshares, Inc. (the  Corporation )
and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Commercial Financial and Insurance Agency, LTD ( Commercial Financial ) and The
Commercial Savings Bank (the  Bank ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary
to present fairly the Corporation s financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of operations and changes in
cash flows for the periods presented have been made. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures
typically included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted principles have been omitted. The
Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015, contains consolidated financial statements and related footnote disclosures,
which should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The results of operations for the
period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year or any future interim
period. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements: In June
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Institutions.  This ASU significantly
changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured
at fair value through net income. In issuing the standard, the FASB is responding to criticism that today s guidance delays
recognition of credit losses. The standard will replace today s  incurred loss  approach with an  expected
loss  model. The new model, referred to as the current expected credit loss ( CECL ) model, will apply to: (1)
financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures, This
includes, but is not limited to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity ( HTM ) securities, loan commitments and financial
guarantees. The CECL model does not apply to available-for-sale ( AFS ) debt securities. For AFS debt securities with
unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be
recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. As a result, entities will recognize improvements
to estimated credit losses immediately in earnings rather than as interest income over time, as they do today. The ASU also simplifies
the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. ASU 2016-13 also expands the disclosure requirements
regarding an entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition,
entities will need to disclose the amortized cost balance for each class of financial asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated
by the year of origination. ASU 2016-13 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019;
early adoption is permitted for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities will apply the
standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period
in which the guidance is effective (i.e., modified retrospective approach). The Corporation is currently evaluating the provisions
of ASU No. 2016-13 to determine the potential impact the new standard will have on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Plans of Merger : On August 23, 2016,
Commercial Bancshares Inc., (the  Corporation ) and First Defiance Financial Corp ( First Defiance ) entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) pursuant to which Commercial Bancshares Inc., will merge
with and into First Defiance (the  Merger ). The Commercial Savings Bank, the Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary,
will merge with and into First Federal Bank of the Midwest, a wholly owned subsidiary of First Defiance, with First Federal Bank
of the Midwest as the surviving institution. At the effective time and as a result of the Merger, a shareholder of the Corporation
will have the right to receive for each common share of the Corporation either $51.00 in cash or 1.1808 shares of First Defiance
common stock ( First Defiance Shares ), subject to total consideration being paid 80% in First Defiance Shares and
20% in cash as provided in the Merger Agreement. 

The transaction is expected to close in
the first quarter of 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the
approval of the Corporation s shareholders. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

As a result of the pending merger, participation
in the Commercial Bancshares, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan has been suspended. 

NOTE
2      EARNINGS PER SHARE   

Weighted average shares used in determining
basic and diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Weighted average shares used in determining
basic and diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

NOTE
3         INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
 (in thousands)  of investment securities at the dates indicated are presented in the following table. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The estimated fair values of investment
securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity are shown below. Securities not due at a single maturity date, primarily
mortgage-backed securities, are shown separately. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, securities with a carrying value of $7,615,000 and $7,999,000, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and other
deposits and liabilities as required or permitted by law. 

Gross unrealized losses on securities and
the estimated fair value of the related securities aggregated by security category and length of time the individual securities
have been in continuous loss positions at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Corporation did not have any securities
in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016. 

Less Than Twelve Months       
     More Than Twelve Months     
 
     (Dollar amounts in thousands)    
     Gross       
     Estimated       
     Gross       
     Estimated     

Unrealized       
     Fair       
     Unrealized       
     Fair     
 
     December 31, 2015    
     Losses       
     Value       
     Losses       
     Value     
 
     U.S. government agency securities    
     $  (2  )    
     $  517       
     $  0       
     $  0     
 
     State and political subdivisions    
        0       
        0       
        0       
        0     
 
     Mortgage-backed securities    
        0       
        0       
        0       
        0     
 
     Total available for sale    
     $  (2  )    
     $  517       
     $  0       
     $  0     

At December 31, 2015, the Corporation held
one security with an estimated fair value of $517,000 and an unrealized loss of $2,000 in a continuous loss position for less than
twelve months. There were no securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than twelve months. 

The unrealized loss that existed at December
31, 2015 was primarily due to the changes in market interest rates subsequent to purchase. The Corporation does not consider these
investments to be other than temporarily impaired since the decline in market value is primarily attributable to changes in interest
rates and not credit quality. In addition, the Corporation does not intend to sell and does not believe that it is more likely
than not that the Corporation will be required to sell the security until there is a full recovery of the unrealized loss, which
may be at maturity. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
4          ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The following tables provide information
on the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the periods indicated. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The following table presents the allocation
of the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans  (in thousands)  by portfolio segment at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. 

NOTE
5         CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS  

To facilitate the monitoring of credit
quality within the loan portfolio and for purposes of analyzing historical loss rates used in the determination of the allowance
for loan losses, the Corporation utilizes the following categories of credit grades: pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful
and loss. The four categories, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval
of credit to borrowers and updated periodically thereafter. Pass ratings, which are assigned to those borrowers that do not have
identified potential or well-defined weaknesses and for which there is a high likelihood of orderly repayment, are updated periodically
based on the size and credit characteristics of the borrower. All other categories are updated on at least a quarterly basis. Loans
are graded on a scale of 1 through 9, with a grade of 5 or below classified as  Pass  rated credits. Following is a
description of the general characteristics of risk grades 6 through 9: 

6   Special Mention  
      Special mention credits have a level of potential weakness such that they warrant management s closer attention than those on watch.  These credits, opposed to watch credits, require correction or additional financial information for further analysis and verification of repayment capacity.  If left uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the institution s credit position at some future date.  Special mention assets are not considered adversely classified assets.  Such credits, do however, warrant consideration of additional reserve.   

7   Substandard  
      Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt.  Substandard loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Corporation will sustain loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.   

8   Doubtful  
      Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.   

9   Loss  
      Loans are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuing to carry them as assets on the institution s financial statements is not feasible.  Accordingly, the Bank does not carry loans classified as loss on the books, instead these loans are charged off.   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The Corporation s strategy for credit
risk management includes ongoing credit examinations and management reviews of loans exhibiting deterioration of credit quality.
A deteriorating credit indicates an elevated likelihood of delinquency. When a loan becomes delinquent, its credit grade is reviewed
and changed accordingly. Each downgrade to a classified credit results in a higher percentage of reserve to reflect the increased
likelihood of loss for similarly graded credits. Further deterioration could result in a certain credit being deemed impaired,
resulting in a collateral valuation for purposes of establishing a specific reserve which reflects the possible extent of such
loss for that credit. 

The following tables present the risk category
of loans by class of loans based on the most recent analysis performed at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Commercial Credit Exposure   (dollar
amounts in thousands)  

  Credit risk profile by credit worthiness
category  

Real Estate Credit Exposure   (dollar
amounts in thousands)  

  Credit risk by credit worthiness category  

Consumer Credit Exposure   (dollar
amounts in thousands)  

  Credit risk by credit worthiness category  

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
6          SUMMARY OF IMPAIRED LOANS  

Loans evaluated for impairment include
loans classified as troubled debt restructurings and non-performing multi-family, commercial and construction loans. The following
tables set forth certain information regarding the Corporation s impaired loans, segregated by those for which a specific
allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance was not necessary at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

A loan is considered impaired, in accordance
with the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35), when based on current information and events, it is probable the Corporation
will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest payments from the borrower in accordance with the original or
modified terms of the loan agreement. To determine specific valuation allowances, impaired loans are measured based on the estimated
fair value of the collateral less the estimated costs to sell if the loan is considered collateral dependent. Impaired loans not
considered to be collateral dependent are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The following tables present the average
recorded investment in impaired loans and the amount of interest income recognized on a cash basis for impaired loans after impairment
by portfolio segment and class for the periods indicated.  (All dollar amounts in thousands)  

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
7          TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS  

Under U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ), the Corporation is required to account for certain loan modifications or restructurings as  troubled
debt restructurings  or  troubled debt restructured loans.  In general, the modification or restructuring of
a debt constitutes a troubled debt restructuring if the Corporation, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s
financial difficulties grants a concession to the borrower that the Corporation would not otherwise consider. Debt restructurings
or loan modifications do not necessarily always constitute a troubled debt restructuring and troubled debt restructurings do not
necessarily result in nonaccrual loans. Troubled debt restructured loans are classified as non-performing loans unless they have
been performing in accordance with modified terms for a period of at least six months. The Corporation had troubled debt restructured
loans of $4,295,000 and $4,349,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of which $3,757,000 and $3,811,000,
respectively, were on accruing status. 

There have been no financing receivables
modified as troubled debt restructurings during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, there were no financing receivables previously modified as troubled
debt restructurings which defaulted within twelve months of modification. 

There were no commitments to lend additional
funds to borrowers that were classified as troubled debt restructurings at September 30, 2016. 

NOTE
8          AGE ANALYSIS OF PAST DUE FINANCING RECEIVABLES  

The following table presents the aging
of the recorded investment in loans by past due category and class of loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  (dollar
amounts in thousands).  

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
9          FINANCING RECEIVABLES ON NONACCRUAL STATUS  

The following table summarizes loans  (in
thousands)  on nonaccrual status by class at the dates indicated. 

NOTE
10     FAIR VALUES AND MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Corporation records certain assets
and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Securities available for sale, trading
securities, mortgage loans held for sale and derivative instruments are carried at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value
measurements are also utilized to determine the initial value of certain assets and liabilities, to perform impairment assessments
and for disclosure purposes. The Corporation uses quoted market prices and observable inputs to the maximum extent possible when
measuring fair value. In the absence of quoted market prices, various valuation techniques are utilized to measure fair value.
When possible, observable market data for identical or similar financial instruments are used in the valuation. When market data
is not available, fair value is determined using valuation models that incorporate management s estimates of the assumptions
a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

Fair value measurements are classified
within one of three levels based on the observability of the inputs used to determine fair value, as follows:  

Level 1   The valuation is based
on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments.    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Level 2   The valuation is based
on observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical instruments in
markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.    

Level 3   The valuation is based
on unobservable inputs that are supported by minimal or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the instrument.
Level 3 valuations are typically performed using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques that
incorporate management s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the instrument or valuations
that require significant management judgment or estimation.    

In instances where inputs used to measure
fair value fall into different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements in their entirety are categorized
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation. 

State and political subdivisions   

The Corporation obtains fair value measurements
from a third party vendor that utilizes market valuation models maintained by a team of experienced evaluators and methodologists.
Evaluators build internal yield curves, which are adjusted throughout the day based on trades and other pertinent market information.
The criteria used to generate these curves and to arrive at the current day s evaluations are based primarily on factors
such as: 

Established trading spreads between similar
issuers or credits.    

Historical trading spreads over widely
accepted market benchmarks.    

New issue scales.    

Market information from third party sources,
such as reportable trades, broker-dealers, trustees/paying agents, issuers or from information prepared by an internal credit analysis
department or by internally reviewing market sector correlations.    

Evaluators apply this information to bond
sectors, and individual bond evaluations are then extrapolated. Within a given sector, evaluators have the ability to make daily
spread adjustments for various attributes that include, but are not limited to, discounts, premiums, credit, alternative minimum
tax (AMT), use of proceeds and callability. Analysts evaluate municipal securities backed by insurance, letters of credit, etc.
When a municipal bond obtains insurance or other credit enhancements, a public rating is usually applied to the bond that is equal
to the higher of ( i ) the published underlying rating or ( ii ) the rating of the bond insurer, guarantor, or other
credit enhancing entity s rating. Certain insured bonds with no published underlying ratings may receive an internal credit
assessment. Evaluators may use internal credit ratings as an input in the evaluation process. The weight placed on internal credit
ratings in the evaluation process may vary from one municipal security to another depending on the availability of other market
data. 

Multiple quality control evaluation processes
review available market, credit and deal level information to support the evaluation of securities, such as: 

Explanations required for all high yield
municipal security evaluations adjusted on a per security basis.    

Explanations required for all high grade
municipal security evaluation adjustments that break an internal tolerance level.    

Daily review of market information and
data changes (including ratings) that may have an impact on evaluations.    

Review of unchanged evaluations and other
applicable data.    

Daily review of category adjustments to
confirm directional moves are tracking daily market movements.    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Daily reviews by managers of tolerance
reports and of evaluator checklists to confirm processes are being followed.    

Monthly management reviews of evaluator
work samples (tolerance reports, client challenges and other evaluation-related matters).    

U.S. government and federal agencies
and mortgage-backed securities   

For agency/CMOs, depending upon the characteristics
of a given tranche, a volatility-driven, multi-dimensional spread table based, single cash flow stream model or an option-adjusted
spread ( OAS ) model is used. If call information is available, the pricing model computes both a yield to call and
a yield to maturity to derive an evaluated price for the bond by assuming the most probable scenario. Alternatively, the evaluator
may utilize market conventions if different from model-generated assumptions. 

A team of experienced fixed income evaluators
and methodologists closely monitor the structured product markets, interest rate movements, new issue information and other pertinent
data. Evaluations of tranches (volatile and non-volatile) are based on the interactive data model s interpretation of accepted
market modeling, trading and pricing conventions. The Interactive data model determines tranche evaluations in four steps: 

1  Cash flows are generated with the deal files to determine principal and interest payments along
with an average life.   

2  Spreads/yields are determined for non-volatile fixed and floating-rate issues:   

For agency/GSE CMOs, the model takes the
average life for each tranche and matches it to the yield of the nearest point on either the swap curve or the  I 
Treasury curve. It then uses that benchmark yield as the base yield.    

Floating-rate issues are evaluated by
a discount margin (DM) calculation. The DM measures the difference between the yield of the issue (at an assumed speed and current
index) and the current value of the index over which the security resets.    

3  Spreads are based on tranche characteristics such as average life, tranche type, tranche volatility,
underlying collateral and the performance of the collateral and prevailing market conditions. Floating-rate issues take life caps
into account.   

4  The appropriate tranche spread or DM is applied to the corresponding benchmark. This value is then
used to discount the cash flows to generate an evaluated price.   

The following table presents information
about the Corporation s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, and the valuation techniques used by the Corporation to determine those fair values. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Securities characterized as having Level
2 inputs generally consist of obligations of U.S. government and federal agencies, government-sponsored organizations and obligations
of state and political subdivisions. There were no transfers in or out of Levels 1, 2 and 3 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The Corporation also has assets that, under
certain conditions, are subject to measurement at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets consist primarily of impaired
loans and other real estate owned ( OREO ). 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of assets recognized in the accompanying balance sheets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the level
within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The fair value of impaired loans were primarily
measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans. Impaired loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable. The
Corporation determines the value of the collateral based on independent appraisals performed by qualified licensed appraisers.
These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income
approach. Appraised values are discounted for costs to sell and may be further discounted based on management s historical
knowledge, changes in market conditions from the date of the most recent appraisal and/or management s expertise and knowledge
of the customer and the customer s business. Such discounts by management are subjective and are typically significant unobservable
inputs for determining fair value. Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments to reflect (1) partial write-downs
or reserves that are based on the observable market price or current appraised value of the collateral, or (2) the full charge-off
of the loan carrying value. Included in the impaired balance at September 30, 2016 were troubled debt restructured loans with a
balance of $4,295,000 and specified reserves of $62,000. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Assets acquired through, or in lieu of,
loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value, based on the current appraised value at the date of
foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and
the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Management has determined fair value measurements
on other real estate owned primarily through evaluations of appraisals performed and current and past offers for the other real
estate under evaluation. Due to the nature of the valuation inputs, foreclosed assets held for sale are classified within level
3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Appraisals of other real estate owned are
obtained when the real estate is acquired and subsequently as deemed necessary by management. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy
and consistency by the Bank s credit risk department and are selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by
management. Appraisals are sometimes further discounted based on management s expertise and knowledge of the customer and
the customer s business. Such discounts are typically significant unobservable inputs for determining fair value. In cases
where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, a loss is recognized in noninterest expense. Additionally,
any operating costs incurred after acquisition are also expensed. 

The following tables present the fair value
measurements of financial instruments and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The following describes the valuation methodologies
used by management to measure financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis as recognized in the Corporation s
accompanying balance sheets as well as the general classification of such assets and liabilities pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Cash equivalents and federal funds
sold       The carrying value of cash, amounts due from banks and federal funds sold assumed to approximate fair
value.    

Investment
                                                                                                             securities       Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified
                                                                                                             within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by
                                                                                                             using                                                                                                              quoted
                                                                                                             prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent asset pricing services and pricing models, the inputs
                                                                                                             of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including, but not limited to, yield curves, interest
                                                                                                             rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flows. Such securities are classified in
                                                                                                             level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. All other securities are classified as level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.    

Other investment securities  
  principally consists of investments in Federal Home Loan Bank stock, which has limited marketability and is carried at
cost.    

Loans     The loan portfolio
includes adjustable and fixed rate loans, the fair value of which is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. To calculate
discounted cash flows, the loans are aggregated into pools of similar types and expected repayment terms. The expected cash flows
are based on historical prepayment experiences and estimated credit losses for non-performing loans and are discounted using current
rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and similar remaining maturities. Fair values
for impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or underlying collateral values, where applicable.    

Accrued interest receivable   
   The carrying value of accrued interest receivable approximates fair value due to the short-term duration.    

Noninterest -bearing deposits
   The fair value of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, which have no stated maturity, are considered equal to their
carrying amount, representing the amount payable on demand.    

Interest-bearing deposits  
  The fair value of demand, money market and savings deposits, which have no stated maturity, are considered equal to their
carrying amount, representing the amount payable on demand.    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Time deposits     The
fair value for fixed rate time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently
being offered for time deposits with similar terms and similar remaining maturities.    

FHLB advances     The
fair value of long-term debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation which utilizes the interest rates currently
offered for borrowings of similar remaining maturities.    

Accrued interest payable   
   The carrying value of accrued interest payable approximates fair value due to the short-term duration.    

Other financial instruments  
  The fair value of other financial instruments, including loan commitments and unused letters of credit, is based on discounted
cash flow analysis and is not material.    

In April 2015, the Corporation purchased
a state and political subdivision bond which was determined to be a Level 3 asset. Changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value
on a recurring basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The fair value of the municipal bond at
September 30, 2016 was determined primarily based on Level 3 inputs. The Corporation estimates the fair value of this investment
based on the par value of the security. This security is reported at par value because there is no information to indicate the
fair value would differ from the par value. 

Both observable and unobservable inputs
may be used to determine the fair value positions classified as Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

There were no unrealized gains or losses
for the Level 3 assets held by the Corporation at September 30, 2016, as the book value of the asset approximates fair value. 

NOTE
11       STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

The Corporation has two share-based compensation
plans in existence; the 1997 Stock Option Plan (expired but having outstanding options that may still be exercised) and the 2009
Incentive Stock Option Plan, which is described below. 

The Corporation s 2009 Incentive
Stock Option Plan, which was shareholder approved, permitted the grant of stock options to its selected key employees. No more
than 150,000 shares of the Corporation s common stock may be issued under the plan. The shares that may be issued may be
authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The plan permits the grant of incentive awards in the form of stock options,
restricted shares and certain other stock-based awards on a periodic basis at the discretion of the board. At September 30, 2016,
the remaining shares available for issuance under the plan totaled 29,083. 

The fair value of each option award is
estimated on the date of grant using a Black Scholes option valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below.
Expected volatilities are based on several factors including historical volatility of the Corporation s common stock, implied
volatility determined from traded options and other factors. The Corporation uses historical data to estimate option exercises
and employee terminations to estimate the expected life of options. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the options
is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. The expected dividend yield is based on the Corporation s
expected dividend yield over the life of the options. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The Corporation did not grant any stock
options during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of options granted in 2015 was determined using the following
weighted average assumptions as of the date of grant. 

Intrinsic value represents the amount by
which the fair market value of the Corporation s stock, $51.01 at September 30, 2016, exceeds the exercise price of the stock
options. At September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and exercisable was $1,477,000 and $1,090,000,
respectively, compared to an aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options of $871,000 and $736,000, respectively,
at December 31, 2015. 

The following table summarizes stock option
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The fair value of options granted is amortized
as compensation expense, recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the respective stock option grant. Compensation
expense related to employees is included in personnel expense while compensation expense related to directors is included in other
operating expense. The Corporation recognized compensation expense of $11,000 and $39,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, related to the awards of nonrestricted stock options, compared to compensation expense of $13,000 and $32,000
for the same periods in 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $63,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to
nonrestricted stock options. This remaining cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of approximately
 4.0 months. 

The following is a summary of outstanding
and exercisable stock options at September 30, 2016. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC.   
 
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The following table summarizes information
about the Corporation s nonvested stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The fair value of restricted stock is equal
to the fair market value of the Corporation s common stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock awards are recorded as
unearned compensation, a component of shareholders  equity, and amortized to compensation expense over the vesting period.
The Corporation recognized compensation expense of $30,000 and $107,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, related to restricted stock grants compared to $33,000 and $81,000 for the same periods in 2015. At September 30,
2016, the Corporation had approximately $161,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. This
remaining cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of approximately 4.0 months. 

The following table summarizes restricted
stock activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Item 2.  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

INTRODUCTION  

 The following review presents management s
discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition of Commercial Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Commercial Savings Bank and Commercial Financial and Insurance Agency, LTD at September 30, 2016, compared to December 31, 2015,
and the consolidated results of operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods
in 2015.  The purpose of this discussion is to provide the reader with a more thorough understanding of the consolidated
financial statements and related footnotes. 

The Corporation is designated as a financial
holding company by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland.  This status can help the Corporation take advantage of changes
in existing law made by the Financial Modernization Act of 1999.  As a result of being a financial holding company, the
Corporation may be able to engage in an expanded array of activities determined to be financial in nature.  This will
help the Corporation remain competitive in the future with other financial service providers in the markets in which the Corporation
does business.  There are more stringent capital requirements associated with being a financial holding company.  The
Corporation intends to maintain its categorization as a  well capitalized  bank, as defined by regulatory capital requirements. 

Management believes there have been no
changes with respect to its determinations regarding the Corporation s critical accounting policies as disclosed in the Corporation s
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 Certain statements contained in this report
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In
general, forward-looking statements relate to a discussion of future financial results or projections, future economic performance,
future operational plans and objectives and statements regarding the underlying assumptions of such statements.  Although
the Corporation s management believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements
herein will prove to be accurate. 

Various risks and uncertainties may cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the Corporation s forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause actual results to differ from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: Economic
conditions (both generally and more specifically, in the markets in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate); competition
for the Corporation s customers from other providers of financial services; deposit outflows or reduced demand for financial
services and loan products; government legislation, regulation and changes in monetary and fiscal policies (which changes from
time to time and over which the Corporation has no control); changes in interest rates; changes in prepayment speeds of loans or
investment securities; inflation; material unforeseen changes in liquidity, results of operations or financial condition of the
Corporation s customers  changes in the level of non-performing assets and charge-offs; changes in the number of common
shares outstanding; unexpected claims or litigation against the Corporation; expected insurance or other recoveries; technological
or operational difficulties; the impact of new accounting pronouncements and changes in policies and practices that may be adopted
by regulatory agencies; acts of war or terrorism; the ability of the Parent Company to receive dividends from its subsidiaries;
the impact of larger or similar financial institutions encountering difficulties, which may adversely affect the banking industry
or the Corporation; the Corporation or its subsidiary bank s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate funding
sources and liquidity; and other risks or uncertainties detailed in the Corporation s filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Corporation. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 The Corporation s consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and follow
general practices applicable to the banking industry.  Application of these principles requires management to make estimates,
assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period.  These
estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements.  Certain
policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and as such, have a greater possibility
of producing results that could be material different than originally reported.  Estimates, assumptions and judgments
are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value, when a decline in the value of an asset warrants
an impairment write-down or valuation reserve to be established, or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded contingent
upon a future event.  Carrying assets and liabilities at fair value inherently results in more financial statement volatility
between reporting periods.  The fair values and the information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets
and liabilities are based on quoted market prices or are provided by third-party sources, when available.  When third-party
information is not available, valuation adjustments are estimated in good faith by management primarily through the use of internal
cash flow modeling techniques.   

The SEC has defined a company s critical
accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results
of operations and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates on matters that are inherently uncertain.  Management has identified the determination of the allowance
for loan losses and fair value measurements to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments, and
as such could be most subject to revision as new information becomes available. 

Allowance for loan losses:   The
Corporation assesses the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses as of the end of each calendar quarter.  The level
of the allowance is based upon management s evaluation of the loan portfolio, past loan experience, current asset quality
trends, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay (including
the timing of future payments), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, economic conditions,
industry and peer bank loan loss rates and other pertinent factors.  This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires
material estimates including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans that may be
susceptible to significant change.  Loans are charged off, in whole or in part, when management believes that the full
collectability of the loan is unlikely.  A loan may be partially charged off after a  confirming event  has
occurred which serves to validate that full repayment pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement is unlikely. 

The Corporation deems loans impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect all amounts due according
to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Collection of all amounts due according to the contractual term means
that both the principal and interest payments of a loan will be collected as scheduled in the loan agreement.  An impairment
allowance is recognized if the fair value of the loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan.  The impairment
is recognized through the allowance.  Loans that are impaired are recorded at the present value of expected future cash
flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or if the loan is collateral dependent, impairment measurement is
based on the fair value of the collateral, less estimated disposal costs.   

In assessing the adequacy of the allowance,
the Corporation also considers the results of its ongoing internal and independent loan review processes.  The Corporation s
loan review process assists in determining whether there are loans in the portfolio whose credit quality has weakened over time
and evaluating the risk characteristics of the entire loan portfolio.  The Corporation s loan review process includes
the judgment of management, the input from independent loan reviewers and reviews that may have been conducted by bank regulatory
agencies as part of their examination process.  The Corporation incorporates loan review results in the determination
of whether or not it is probable that it will be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of a loan. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The level of the allowance is believed
by management to be adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date.  The
allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries of amounts previously charged
off.  For additional information see   Allowance for Loan Losses   under Financial Condition. 

Fair value estimates:   The
carrying value of certain financial assets and liabilities of the Corporation is impacted by the application of fair value measurements,
either directly, or indirectly.  Fair value is defined as the amount at which an asset or liability could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing, unrelated parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.  In certain
cases, an asset or liability is measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis, such as investment securities classified
as available for sale.  In other cases, management must rely on estimates or judgments to determine if an asset or liability
not measured at fair value warrants an impairment write-down or whether a valuation reserve should be established. 

The Corporation estimates the fair value
of a financial instrument using a variety of valuation methods.  Where financial instruments are actively traded and
have quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair value.  Active markets are those where transaction
volumes are sufficient to provide objective pricing information with reasonably narrow bid/ask spreads and where quoted prices
do not vary widely.  When the financial instruments are not actively traded, other observable market inputs such as quoted
prices of securities with similar characteristics may be used, if available, to determine fair value.  Inactive markets
are characterized by low transaction volumes, price quotations that vary substantially among market participants, or in which minimal
information is released publicly. 

When observable market prices do not exist,
the Corporation estimates fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling methods.  The valuation
methods may also consider factors such as liquidity and concentration concerns.  Other factors such as model assumptions,
market dislocations and unexpected correlations can affect estimates of fair value.  Changes in these underlying factors,
assumptions or estimates in any of these areas could materially impact the amount of revenue or loss recorded. 

Additional information regarding the Corporation s
fair value measurements can be found in Note 10   Fair Values and Measurements of Financial Instruments .      

OVERVIEW 

 The Corporation generates a significant
amount of its revenue, cash flows and net income from interest income and net interest income.  The ability to properly
manage net interest income under changing market environments is crucial to the success of the Corporation.  Managing
credit risk also has a significant influence on the operating results of the Corporation.  Results of operations are
also affected by noninterest income, such as service charges on deposit accounts and fees on other services, income from lending
activities and bank-owned life insurance as well as noninterest expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, furniture
and equipment, professional and other services, and other expenses, including income taxes.  Economic conditions, competition
and the monetary and fiscal policies of the Federal government significantly affect financial institutions. 

On August 23, 2016, Commercial Bancshares
Inc., (the  Corporation ) and First Defiance Financial Corp ( First Defiance ) entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) pursuant to which Commercial Bancshares Inc., will merge with and into
First Defiance (the  Merger ). The Commercial Savings Bank, the Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary, will merge
with and into First Federal Bank of the Midwest, a wholly owned subsidiary of First Defiance, with First Federal Bank of the Midwest
as the surviving institution. At the effective time and as a result of the Merger, a shareholder of the Corporation will have the
right to receive for each common share of the Corporation either $51.00 in cash or 1.1808 shares of First Defiance common stock
( First Defiance Shares ), subject to total consideration being paid 80% in First Defiance Shares and 20% in cash as
provided in the Merger Agreement. 

The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary
closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the approval of the Corporation s shareholders. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net income increased 19.4% to $3,030,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,538,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Basic and diluted
earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.54 and $2.50, respectively, compared to $2.12 and $2.08
for the same period in 2015. The increase in net income is largely attributable to the recognition of $677,000 of other income
as a result of bank-owned life insurance proceeds received during the first quarter of 2016, offset by merger-related expenses
of $515,000. 

The Corporation s return on average
equity and return on average assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 11.06% and 1.18%, respectively, compared to
9.58% and 1.02% for the same period in 2015. The Corporation s efficiency ratio, on a fully tax-equivalent basis was 65.82%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 67.60% for the same period in 2015. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

Assets totaled $347,039,000 at September
30, 2016, compared to $341,090,000 as of December 31, 2015, reflecting an increase of $5,949,000 or 1.7%, largely reflecting increases
in federal funds sold and net loans, partially offset by a decrease in other assets.  Liabilities totaling $308,464,000
at September 30, 2016, increased $3,510,000 or 1.2% from total liabilities of $304,954,000 at December 31, 2015, primarily due
to an increase in deposit balances partially offset by the repayment of FHLB advances.  Shareholders  equity increased
$2,439,000 or 6.8% at September 30, 2016 to $38,575,000 from $36,136,000 at year-end 2015, largely due to an increase in retained
earnings. 

Cash equivalents and federal funds sold
include working cash funds, due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions, items in process of collection
and federal funds sold.  The Bank is required to maintain average reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank based
on average daily deposit balances and statutory reserve ratios prescribed by the type of deposit account.  The average
balance held in reserve for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4,050,000, compared to $4,295,000 for the same period
in 2015.  At September 30, 2016, cash equivalents and federal funds sold totaled $22,696,000, an increase of $3,801,000
or 20.1% from $18,895,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The investment securities portfolio is
comprised primarily of residential mortgage-backed securities, tax-exempt securities of state and political subdivisions, (available
for sale as well as held to maturity), debt securities issued by U.S. government-sponsored agencies and other equity securities.  Investment
securities decreased 3.9% or $446,000 to $11,140,000 at September 30, 2016 from $11,586,000 at December 31, 2015.  The
decline in investment securities was predominantly due to principal pay downs and prepayments of mortgage-backed securities.  Available
for sale investment securities are reported at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses, based on the difference between
amortized cost and fair value, reported net of deferred tax, as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component
of shareholders  equity.  Declines in the fair value of individual securities below their cost that are other-than-temporary,
result in write downs of the individual securities to their fair values.  Securities that are held as available for sale
are used as part of the Corporation s asset/liability management strategy.  Securities that may be sold in response
to interest rate changes, changes in prepayment risk, the need to increase regulatory capital and other similar factors are classified
as available for sale.  Securities that management has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity are classified
as held to maturity.  Held to maturity investment securities are carried at amortized cost.   

At September 30, 2016, the Corporation s
investment portfolio consisted primarily of obligations of state and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities and U.S.
government agency securities.  To reduce the Corporation s income tax burden, $4,795,000 or 43.0% of the Corporation s
investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016, was invested in tax-exempt obligations of state and political subdivisions, compared
to $4,898,000 or 42.3% of the Corporation s investment portfolio at December 31, 2015.   

Loans are reported at their outstanding
principal balances less unearned income, the allowance for loan losses and any deferred fees or costs on originated loans. Interest
income from loans is accrued based on the principal balance outstanding. Loan origination fees, net of certain loan origination
costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment to the related loan yield. Loans make up the largest component of total assets.
At September 30, 2016, net loans totaled $296,380,000, representing 85.4% of total assets and an increase of $3,308,000 or 1.1%
from $293,072,000 at December 31, 2015. The increase in net loans between periods was largely due to increases in the commercial
and real estate loan portfolios of $2,217,000 and $2,196,000, respectively, offset by declines in agricultural and consumer loan
balances. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Corporation s loan portfolio
represents its largest and highest yielding assets.  The fundamental lending business of the Corporation is based on
understanding, measuring and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio.  The Corporation s loan
portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk.  Credit risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in
the process of lending, and risk specific to individual borrowers.  The Corporation s credit risk is mitigated
through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry or collateral type.  Typically,
each consumer and residential lending product has a generally predictable level of credit losses based on historical loss experience.  Home
mortgage and home equity loans and lines generally have the lowest credit loss experience, while loans secured by personal property,
such as auto loans, are generally expected to experience more elevated credit losses.  Credit risk in commercial lending
can vary significantly, as losses as a percentage of outstanding loans can shift widely during economic cycles and are particularly
sensitive to changing economic conditions.  Generally, improving economic conditions result in improved operating results
on the part of commercial customers, enhancing their ability to meet their particular debt service requirements.  Improvements,
if any, in operating cash flows can be offset by the impact of rising interest rates that may occur during improved economic times.  Declining
economic conditions generally have an adverse effect on the operating results of commercial customers, reducing their ability to
meet debt service obligations.  The Corporation believes the general economic outlook remains stable without any clear
or substantive trends in employment rates, real estate values or overall consumer or commercial confidence, spending or investment.     

To control and manage credit risk, management
has a credit process in place to ensure credit standards are maintained along with strong oversight and review procedures.  The
primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks and involves the analysis of the borrower s
ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral.  Oversight and review
procedures include the monitoring of portfolio credit quality, early identification of potential problem credits and the aggressive
management of problem credits.  In 2009, during the economic downturn, executive management implemented the following
measures to proactively manage credit risk in the loan portfolios: 

Reviewed all underwriting guidelines for
various loan portfolios and have strengthened underwriting guidelines where needed.    

Evaluated outside loan review parameters,
engaging the services of a well-established firm to continue with such loan review, addressing not only specific loans but underwriting
analysis, documentation, credit evaluation and risk identification.    

Increased the frequency of quarterly internal
reviews to monthly reviews of past due and delinquent loans to assess probable credit risks early in the delinquency process to
minimize losses.    

Aggressively seeks ownership and control,
when appropriate, of real estate properties, which would otherwise go through time consuming and costly foreclosure proceedings
to effectively control the disposition of such collateral.    

Aggressively obtaining updated financial
information on commercial credits and performing analytical reviews to determine debt source capacities in business performance
trends.    

Engaged a well-established auditing firm
to analyze the Corporation s loan loss reserve methodology and documentation.    

The allowance for loan losses is established
through a provision for loan losses charged to current earnings.  The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level
estimated by management to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio and is based on management s continuing
evaluation of the portfolio, the related risk characteristics and the overall economic conditions affecting the portfolio.  This
estimation is inherently subjective as it requires measures that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes
available. 

The Corporation s methodology in
determining the allowance for loan losses includes segmenting the loan portfolio into various components and applying various loss
factors to estimate the amount of probable losses.  The largest segment of the loan portfolio is comprised of credit-rated
commercial loans, comprising 81% of total loans at September 30, 2016.  Credit-rated commercial loans include commercial
and industrial loans along with loans to commercial borrowers that are secured by real estate (commercial property, multi-family
residential property, 1-4 family residential property, and construction and land).  For each loan within this segment,
a credit rating is assigned based on a review of specific risk factors including (i) historical and projected financial results
of the borrower, (ii) market conditions of the borrower s industry that may affect the borrower s future financial
performance, (iii) business experience of the borrower s management, (iv) nature of the underlying collateral, if any, and
(v) borrower s history of payment performance. 

When assigning a credit rating to a loan,
management uses an internal, nine-level rating system in which a rating of one carries the lowest level of credit risk and is used
for borrowers exhibiting the strongest financial condition.  Loans rated one through five are deemed to be acceptable
quality and are considered  Pass .  Loans that are deemed to be of questionable quality are rated six (special
mention).  Loans with adverse classifications (substandard or doubtful) are rated seven and eight, respectively.  A
loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower characterized
by a well-defined weakness. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The outstanding amounts of credit-rated
commercial loans are aggregated by credit rating, and management estimates the allowance for losses for each credit rating using
loss factors based on historical loss experience and qualitative adjustments reflecting the current economic conditions and outlook
for housing, employment, manufacturing, and consumer spending.  The economic adjustments reflect the imprecision that
is inherent in the estimates of probable loan losses, and are intended to ensure adequacy of the overall allowance amount.  The
loss factors assigned to each credit rating are adjusted based on management s judgment, along with certain qualitative factors
such as the trend and severity of problem loans that can cause the estimation of inherent losses to differ from historical experience.  Any
change to an individual credit rating may affect the amount of the related allowance. 

The Corporation s internal review
process results in the periodic review of assigned credit ratings to reflect changes in specific risk factors.  Commercial
lines of credit are generally issued with terms of one year, and upon annual renewal, a full review of the specific risk factors
to assess the appropriateness of the assigned credit ratings.  Furthermore, loans classified as special mention, substandard
or doubtful are placed on an internal watch list and undergo a credit rating review on a quarterly basis (special mention loans)
or monthly basis (substandard and doubtful loans). 

As part of the oversight and review process,
the Corporation maintains an allowance for loan losses to absorb estimated and probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at
the balance sheet date.  The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting:  (1) the requirement
that a loss be accrued when it is probable that the loss has occurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of
the loss can be reasonably estimated and (2) the requirement that losses, if any, be accrued when it is probable that the Corporation
will not collect all principal and interest payments according to the loan s contractual terms.   

The Corporation s allowance for loan
losses has two basic components:  a general reserve reflecting historical losses by loan category and loan classification,
as adjusted by several factors whose effects are not reflected in historical loss ratios, and specific allowances for individually
identified loans.  General reserves are based upon historical loss experience by portfolio segment measured and supplemented
to address various risk characteristics of the Corporation s loan portfolio including: 

Trends in delinquencies and other non-performing
loans    

Changes in the risk profile related to
large loans in the portfolio    

Changes in the categories of loans comprising
the loan portfolio    

Concentrations of loans to specific industry
segments    

Changes in economic conditions on both
a local and a national level    

Changes in the Corporation s credit
administration and loan portfolio management processes    

Quality of the Corporation s credit
risk identification process    

The portion of the reserve representing
specific allowances is derived by accumulating the specific allowances established on individually impaired loans that have significant
conditions or circumstances that indicate that a loss may be probable.  Specific reserves are calculated on individually
impaired loans and are established based on the Corporation s calculation of the probable losses inherent in an individual
loan.  For loans on which the Corporation has not elected to use the collateral value as a basis to establish the measure
of impairment, the Corporation measures impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate.  In determining the cash flows to be included in the discount calculation, the Corporation considers
a number of factors that combined, are used to estimate the probability and severity of potential losses. 

The borrower s overall financial
condition    

Resources and payment record    

Support available from financial guarantors    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the general reserve represented 98% of the total allowance for loan losses while the specified allowance accounted for 2%
of the total.  The severity of estimated losses on impaired loans can differ substantially from actual losses.  The
general reserve is calculated in two parts based on an internal risk classification of loans within each portfolio segment.  General
reserves on loans considered to be  classified  under regulatory guidance are calculated separately from loans considered
to be  pass  rated under the same guidance.  This segregation allows management to monitor the reserves related
to higher risk loans separate from the remainder of the portfolio in order to better manage risk and ensure the sufficiency of
reserves. 

The allowance for loan losses is established
and maintained at a level management deems adequate to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date
and is based on management s evaluation of the risks in the loan portfolio and changes in the nature and volume of loan activity.  The
amount of the allowance is affected by:  (i) loan charge-offs, which decreases the allowance, (ii) recoveries on loans
previously charged off, which increases the allowance and (iii) the provision of possible loan losses charged to income, which
increases the allowance.  In determining the provision for possible loan losses, it is necessary for management to monitor
fluctuations in the allowance resulting from actual charge-offs and recoveries and to periodically review the size and composition
of the loan portfolio in light of current and anticipated economic conditions. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated
on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light
of historical experience, nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability
to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions.  This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the allowance for loan losses stood at $3,884,000 and $3,861,000, respectively, and the ratio of the allowance for loan losses
to total loans was 1.29% and 1.30%, respectively.  The ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average outstanding loans
was 0.02% at September 30, 2016, compared to 0.16% at December 31, 2015.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the Corporation provided $53,000 to the allowance for loan losses following net charge-offs of $22,000, compared to a provision
of $86,000 following net charge-offs of $247,000 for the same period in 2015.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Corporation provided $70,000 to the allowance for loan losses to maintain the balance at an adequate level following
net charge-offs of $47,000.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Corporation provided $138,000 to the allowance
for loan losses following net charge-offs of $329,000. 

The methodology used in the periodic review
of reserve adequacy, which is performed at least quarterly, is designed to be responsive to changes in portfolio credit quality
and inherent credit losses.  The changes are reflected in both the pooled formula reserve and in specific reserves as
the collectability of large classified loans is regularly recalculated with new information as it becomes available.  In
addition, bank regulators, as an integral part of their supervisory functions, periodically review the Corporation s loan
portfolio and related allowance for loan losses.  These regulatory agencies may require the Corporation to increase its
provision for loan losses or to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments.  An increase in the allowance
for loan losses by these regulatory agencies could materially adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and
results of operations. 

Before loans are charged off, they typically
go through a phase of non-performing status.  Various stages exist when dealing with such non-performance.  The
first stage is simple delinquency, where customers consistently start paying late, 30, 60 and 90 days at a time.  These
accounts may then be put on a list of loans to  watch  as they continue to under-perform according to original terms.  Loans
are placed on nonaccrual status when management believes the collection of the principal and interest is doubtful.  A
delinquent loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal and/or interest is past due 90 days or more or if the financial
strength of the borrower has declined or other facts would make the repayment of the loan suspect, unless the loan is well-secured
or in the process of collection.  When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest which has been accrued is
charged back against current earnings as a reduction in interest income, which adversely affects the yield on loans in the period
of reversal.  No additional interest is accrued on the loan balance until collection of both principal and interest becomes
reasonably certain.  Loans placed on nonaccrual status may be returned to accrual status after payments are received
for a minimum of six consecutive months in accordance with the loan documents and any doubt as to the loan s full collectability
has been removed or the troubled loan is restructured and evidenced by a credit evaluation of the borrower s financial condition
and the prospects for full repayment. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Corporation s methodology for
evaluating whether a loan is impaired begins with risk-rating credits on an individual basis.  Loans with a pass rating
represent those not classified on the Corporation s rating scale for problem credits, as minimal credit risk has been identified.  Loans
classified as special mention have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.  If uncorrected,
the potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects.  Loans classified as substandard have
a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the repayment of the debt.  Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses
inherent in loans classified substandard with the added characteristic that collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of
current conditions and facts, is highly improbable.  Loans rated as doubtful in whole, or in part, are placed on nonaccrual
status. 

Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when
management believes the collection of principal and interest is doubtful or when loans are past due as to principal and interest
90 days or more, except in certain circumstances when interest accruals are continued on loans deemed by management to be fully
collateralized and in the process of being collected. In such cases, the loans are individually evaluated in order to determine
whether to continue income recognition after 90 days beyond the due dates. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were
no 90 day delinquent loans that were on accrual status. 

When management identifies a loan as impaired,
the impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate or the observable market price of the loan, except when the sole (remaining) source of repayment for the loan is the liquidation
of the collateral.  In this case, management uses the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs when foreclosure
is probable, instead of discounted cash flows.  If management determines the value of the impaired loan is less than
the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs and deferred loan fees or costs), impairment is recognized through
an allowance estimate or a charge-off to the allowance.  When management determines an impaired loan is a confirmed loss,
the estimated impairment is directly charged off to the loan rather than creating a specific reserve for inclusion in the allowance
for loan losses.  However, not all impaired loans are in nonaccrual status as they may be current with regards to the
payment terms.  Their determination as an impaired loan is based on some inherent weakness in the credit that may, if
certain circumstances occur or arise, result in an inability to comply with the loan agreement s contractual terms.  Impaired
loans exclude large groups of smaller-homogenous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment such as consumer real estate
and installment loans. 

The allowance for loan losses, specifically
related to impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $62,000 and $76,000, respectively, related to loans with
principal balances of $1,675,000 and $1,714,000. Impaired loans with no related allowance recorded at September 30, 2016 totaled
$3,090,000 compared to $3,158,000 at December 31, 2015. Total impaired loans at September 30, 2016 totaled $4,765,000, a decrease
of $107,000 or 2.2% from total impaired loans of $4,872,000 at December 31, 2015. The Corporation s financial statements
are prepared on the accrual basis of accounting, including the recognition of interest income on the loan portfolio, unless a loan
is placed on nonaccrual status. Amounts received on nonaccrual loans generally are applied first to principal and then to interest
only after all principal has been collected. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation received interest
payments of $59,000 and $217,000, respectively, related to impaired loans averaging $4,785,000 and $4,820,000, compared to interest
payments of $77,000 and $214,000, related to impaired loans averaging $5,351,000 and $5,746,000 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Management s general practice is
to proactively charge down loans individually evaluated for impairment to the fair value of the underlying collateral.  Consistent
with regulatory guidance, charge-offs on all loan segments are taken when specific loans, or portions thereof, are considered uncollectible.  The
Corporation s policy is to promptly charge these loans off in the period the uncollectible loss is reasonably determined.  Management
believes that by taking a proactive approach in identify problems and determine their ultimate collectability, using both internal
and external portfolio loan reviews, that any potential losses which may be incurred on these credits in the future are incorporated
into its analysis of the adequacy of the Corporation s allowance for loan losses. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Due to the weakening credit status of
a borrower, the Corporation may elect to formally restructure certain loans to facilitate a repayment plan that minimizes the
potential losses the Corporation might incur.  Restructured loans, or troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs )
are classified as impaired loans and may either be in accruing or nonaccruing status.  In most cases the modification
is either a concessionary reduction in interest rate, extension of the maturity date or reduction in the principal balance that
would otherwise not be considered.  Concessionary modifications are classified as troubled debt restructurings unless
the modification results in only an insignificant delay in the payments to be received.  Troubled debt restructured
loans are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows
discounted using the loan s effective interest rate at inception or the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs
if the loan is collateral dependent.  If the recorded investment in the loan exceeds the measure of fair value, impairment
is recognized by establishing a valuation allowance as part of the allowance for loan losses or a charge-off to the allowance
for loan losses.  In periods subsequent to the modification, all TDRs are evaluated individually, including those that
have payment defaults, for possible impairment.  A nonaccrual TDR may be returned to accrual status when all the principal
and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.  Additionally,
there should be a sustained period of repayment performance (generally a period of six months) by the borrower in accordance with
the modified contractual terms. 

Troubled debt restructured loans totaled
$4,295,000 at September 30, 2016, representing five credit relationships in which economic concessions were granted to borrowers
to better align the terms of their loans with their current ability to repay.  Troubled debt restructured balances are
down slightly from $4,349,000 at December 31, 2015.  As of September 30, 2016, 87% of all restructured loans were performing
in accordance with the terms of the restructure.  The specified reserve required for these TDRs, whether collateral
dependent or not, was $62,000, representing 2% of the total loan loss reserve and 100% of the total specified reserve.  There
are no commitments to lend additional amounts to borrowers with loans classified as troubled debt restructurings as of September
30, 2016.   

Non-performing assets include nonaccrual loans as well as other real estate owned and other repossessed
assets. Non-performing loans are comprised of loans on nonaccrual status along with loans that are contractually past due 90 days
or more but have not been classified as nonaccrual. At September 30, 2016, the Corporation had non-performing loans of $605,000,
representing 0.20% of gross loans, compared to non-performing loans of $721,000 or 0.24% of gross loans at December 31, 2015. At
September 30, 2016, non-performing loans by loan category were as follows: $537,000 in commercial operating loans; $42,000 in commercial
real estate loans and $26,000 in consumer loans. Management evaluated non-performing loans at September 30, 2016 and believes that
they have charged off, written down or established adequate loss reserves on all identified problem loans. 

Other assets, including premises and equipment,
accrued interest receivable, bank-owned life insurance, OREO and other repossessed assets and other assets decreased $714,000
or 4.1% to $16,823,000 at September 30, 2016 from $17,537,000 at December 31, 2015.  The decrease in other assets was
primarily due to a decrease of $1,062,000 or 11.6% in bank-owned life insurance due to the death of a former executive and proceeds
received on the life insurance policy associated with the former executive.  Premises and equipment decreased $203,000
or 3.6% to $5,745,000 at September 30, 2016 from $5,678,000 at December 31, 2015, largely reflecting depreciation expense of $454,000
offset with capital purchases of $251,000.  Other assets increased $657,000 or 53.9% to $1,876,000 at September 30,
2016 from $1,219,000 at December 31, 2015, largely due to increases in tax assets and prepaid expenses.   

Other real estate owned acquired through
partial or total satisfaction of non-performing loans is included in other assets and recorded at fair value less anticipated
selling costs based upon the property s appraised value at the date of transfer, with any difference between the fair value
of the property less costs to sell, and the carrying value of the loan charged to the reserve for loan losses.  Subsequent
write-downs that may be required are expensed as incurred.  Gains and losses realized from the sale of other real estate
owned, as well as valuation adjustments, are included in noninterest expense as well as expenses of operation.  During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, two properties with a total carrying value of $36,000 were transferred to OREO, while
five properties with a carrying value of $104,000 were sold at a net loss of $15,000.  There were no properties held
in OREO as of September 30, 2016, compared to three properties with a carrying value of $70,000 at year-end 2015.   

Other repossessed assets, resulting from
loans where the Corporation has received title or physical possession of the borrower s assets, is included in other assets
and is recorded at fair value, less estimated selling costs.  At the time of repossession, the recorded amount of the
loan is written down to the fair value of the equipment or vehicle by a charge to the reserve for loan losses.  Gains
and losses realized from the sale of other repossessed assets, as well as valuation adjustments, are included in noninterest income
while valuation adjustments are included in noninterest expense.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, additions
to other repossessed assets totaled $12,000.  During the same period, repossessed assets with a total carrying value
of $91,000, sold for a net loss of $21,000 while another $41,000 in valuation adjustments were taken against income.  At
September 30, 2016, other repossessed assets totaled $3,000 compared to $123,000 at December 31, 2015.   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Total deposits increased $8,644,000 or
2.9% to $305,270,000 at September 30, 2016 from $296,626,000 at December 31, 2015.  The increase in deposits was largely
due to an increase of $12,248,000 or 10.7% in savings and time deposits less than $250,000 and an increase of $1,876,000 or 23.7%
in savings and time deposits greater than $250,000.  The increase in savings and time deposits was partially offset by
decreases in interest and noninterest-bearing demand deposits of $4,547,000 and $933,000, respectively. 

The Bank offers a broad selection of deposit
accounts, including noninterest-bearing demand deposits such as checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, money market
accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposits.  Included in the certificates of deposit balances at September
30, 2016 was a total of $38,302,000 in reciprocal certificates of deposits offered under the Certificate Deposit Account Registry
Service ( CDARs ), a program in which the Bank participates.  Under the CDARS program, participating banks
are able to match customer s deposits that would otherwise exceed the limits for FDIC insurance with certificates of deposits
offered at other participating banks, thereby providing FDIC insurance to these excess deposits.   

The Corporation also offers a variety
of deposit accounts designed for businesses operating in its market areas.  Business banking deposit products include
commercial checking accounts, commercial money market accounts and checking accounts specifically designed for small businesses.  The
Corporation also offers bill paying and cash management services through its online banking system as well as a remote deposit
capture product.  Interest rates paid are competitively priced for each particular deposit product and structured to
meet the Corporation s funding requirements.  Management believes that additional funds can be attracted and deposit
growth can be realized through deposit pricing if the Corporation experiences increased loan demand or other liquidity needs. 

The Corporation utilizes both short-term
and long-term borrowings as an alternate funding source to deposits and can be used to fund the Corporation s liquidity needs.  Short-term
borrowings, which include federal funds purchased, are borrowings from other banks that mature daily.  FHLB advances
are loans from Federal Home Loan Bank that can mature daily or have longer maturities with fixed or floating rates of interest.  FHLB
borrowings are generally used to provide additional funding for loan growth when it is in excess of deposit growth and to manage
interest rate risk but can also be used as an additional source of liquidity for the Corporation.  Borrowed funds totaled
$1,483,000 at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $5,091,000 or 77.4%, from $6,574,000 at December 31, 2015.  The Corporation s
borrowing capacity at FHLB totaled $40,902,000 of which $30,919,000 was available at September 30, 2016.  Management
believes the Corporation has adequate liquidity to meet their commitments for the foreseeable future. 

Shareholders  equity increased $2,439,000
or 6.8% to $38,575,000 at September 30, 2016 from $36,136,000 at December 31, 2015.  The increase in shareholders 
equity was primarily attributable to current earnings of $3,030,000 less $454,000 for the purchase of treasury stock, plus adjustments
of $801,000 relating to deferred compensation plan, treasury stock and stock-based compensation expense activity.  The
Corporation declared cash dividends of $0.75 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, decreasing equity by $893,000.  Included
in shareholders  equity is accumulated other comprehensive income which includes the net after-tax impact of unrealized gains
or losses on investment securities classified as available for sale, which decreased $45,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016.  Such unrealized gains or losses are generally due to changes in interest rates and represent the difference,
net of applicable income tax effect, between the estimated fair value and amortized cost of investment securities. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Corporation returned 29.47% of earnings through dividends of $893,000 at $0.75 per share compared to a return on
earnings of 29.83% through dividends of $757,000 at $0.63 per share for the same period in 2015.  Average shareholders 
equity to average assets was 11.06% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 10.64% for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The Corporation reported net income, after taxes of $436,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016, a decrease of $509,000 or 53.9% from net income, after taxes of $945,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Basic
and diluted net income per common share was $0.36 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to basic and diluted
net income per common share of $0.79 and $0.77, respectively, for the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in net income was primarily
driven by an increase in noninterest expense of $652,000, primarily consisting of merger-related expenses of $515,000, partially
offset by a decrease of $49,000 in income tax expense and an increase of $99,000 in net interest income after the provision for
loan losses. Net income, after taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,030,000, an increase of $492,000 or 19.4%
from net income of $2,538,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Basic and diluted net income per common share was $2.54
and $2.50, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to basic and diluted net income per common share
of $2.12 and $2.08, respectively, for the same period in 2015. The increase in net income for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 was primarily attributable to an increase of $673,000 in noninterest income and an increase of $405,000 in net interest income
after the provision for loan losses, partially offset by an increase of $449,000 in noninterest expense, primarily consisting of
merger-related expenses and an increase of $137,000 in income tax expense. Significant components of the Corporation s results
of operations are included below. 

Net interest income, by definition, is
the difference between interest income generated on interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing
liabilities.  Various factors contribute to changes in net interest income, including volumes, interest rates and the
composition or mix of interest-earning assets in relation to interest-bearing liabilities.  For comparative purposes,
income from tax exempt securities has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 34% and a
20% disallowance of interest expense deductibility under the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act ( TEFRA ) rules.   

Net interest margin is significantly impacted
by movements in interest rates and changes in the mix of earning assets and the liabilities that fund those assets.  Net
interest margin is calculated by expressing tax equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets
and represents the Corporation s net yield on its earning assets.  Net interest margin is an indicator of the Corporation s
effectiveness in generating income from its earning assets.  Net interest margin is affected by the structure of the
balance sheet as well as by competitive pressures, Federal Reserve regulatory and monetary policies and the economy.  The
Corporation s net interest margin, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, was 4.33% for the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, compared to 4.54% for the same period in 2015.  Interest rate spread, which is the average yield on interest-earning
assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, was 4.26% and 4.46% for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation s net interest margin
and interest rate spread was 4.44% and 4.36%, respectively, compared to net interest margin and interest rate spread of 4.48% and
4.40%, respectively, for the same period in 2015.   

Net interest income, on a fully taxable
equivalent basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was $3,529,000, an increase of $53,000 or 1.5%, compared to $3,476,000
for the same period in 2015.  Net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $10,636,000, an increase of $298,000 or 2.9%, compared to $10,338,000 for the same period in 2015.  The
increase for both the three and nine-month periods was largely attributable to growth in the loan portfolio compared to the same
periods in 2015.  The Corporation s overall cost of funds in 2016 remained relatively constant at 0.36% for the
nine-month period, compared to 0.35% and 0.36% for the three and nine month-periods in 2015.  The average yield on earning
assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 4.62% and 4.72%, respectively, compared to 4.81% and 4.76% for
the same periods in 2015.   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The table that follows presents the Corporation s
(i) average assets, liabilities and shareholders  equity, (ii) interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest
expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (iii) average yields earned on interest-earning assets and average rates paid on
interest-bearing liabilities, (iv) interest rate spread  (the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning
assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities) , and (v) net interest margin  (net interest income as a
percentage of total average interest-earning assets) . 

TABLE  1     YIELD
ANALYSIS  

 For the three-month period ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

  (Dollar amounts in thousands)  

(1)     Average yields on all securities have been computed based on amortized cost.  Income
on tax-exempt securities has been computed on a taxable-equivalent basis using a 34% federal tax rate and a 20% disallowance of
interest expense deductibility under TEFRA rules.  The amount of such adjustment was $23,000 and $36,000 for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    

(4)     Net interest margin is the ratio of annualized tax equivalent net interest income to average
earning assets.    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The table that follows presents the Corporation s
(i) average assets, liabilities and shareholders  equity, (ii) interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest
expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (iii) average yields earned on interest-earning assets and average rates paid on
interest-bearing liabilities, (iv) interest rate spread  (the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning
assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities) , and (v) net interest margin  (net interest income as a
percentage of total average interest-earning assets) . 

TABLE  2       YIELD
ANALYSIS  

 For the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

  (Dollar amounts in thousands)  

(1)     Average yields on all securities have been computed based on amortized cost.  Income
on tax-exempt securities has been computed on a taxable-equivalent basis using a 34% federal tax rate and a 20% disallowance of
interest expense deductibility under TEFRA rules.  The amount of such adjustment was $69,000 and $108,000 for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    

(4)     Net interest margin is the ratio of annualized tax equivalent net interest income to average
earning assets.    

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Interest and fee income, on a fully taxable
equivalent basis totaled $3,759,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $69,000 or 1.9% from $3,690,000
for same period in 2015.  Average net loans, representing 90.95% and 91.33% of average earning assets at September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, increased $16,883,000 or 6.1%, while the average tax equivalent yield earned decreased 15 basis points.  Average
federal funds sold, representing 5.58% and 4.00% of average earning assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, decreased
$5,916,000 or 48.6%, while the average yield earned increased 25 basis points.  Average investment securities, representing
3.47% and 4.67% of average earning assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, decreased $2,967,000 or 20.9%, while the
average tax equivalent yield earned decreased 21 basis points.   

Interest and fee income, on a fully taxable
equivalent basis totaled $11,308,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $311,000 or 2.83% from $10,997,000
for the same period in 2015.  Average net loans, representing 91.37% and 88.60%, of average earning assets at September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increased $18,631,000 or 6.8%, while the average tax equivalent yield earned decreased 15 basis
points.  Average federal funds sold, representing 5.07% and 6.81% of average earning assets at September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, decreased $4,800,000 or 22.8%, while average yields earned increased 25 basis points.  Average investment
securities, representing 3.56% and 4.59% of average earning assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, decreased $2,798,000
or 19.8%, while the average tax equivalent yield earned decreased 25 basis points.   

Interest expense totaled $230,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $16,000 or 7.5% from $214,000 for the same period in 2015.  Average
interest-bearing demand deposits, representing 46.54% and 47.88% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, increased $3,762,000 or 3.3%, with no change in the average rate paid between periods.  Average
savings account balances, representing 11.85% and 11.67% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, increased $2,217,000 or 7.9%, while the average rate paid increased 1 basis point between periods.  Average
time deposits, representing 41.01% and 39.25% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
increased $10,375,000 or 11.0%, while the average rate paid decreased 1 basis point between periods.  Average borrowings,
representing 0.59% and 1.21% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, decreased $1,392,000
or 48.1%, while the average rate paid increased 75 basis points between periods. 

Interest expense totaled $672,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $13,000 or 2.0% from $659,000 for the same period in 2015. Average interest-bearing
demand deposits, representing 46.74% and 47.18% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
increased $1,585,000 or 1.4%, while the average rate paid increased 1 basis point between periods. Average savings account balances,
representing 11.86% and 11.10% of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increased
$2,566,000 or 9.4%, with no change in the average rate paid between periods. Average time deposits, representing 40.32% and 40.88%
of average interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increased $916,000 or 0.9%, with no change
in the average rate paid between periods. Average borrowings, representing 1.07% and 0.84% of average interest-bearing liabilities
at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, increased $624,000 or 30.0%, while the average rate paid decreased 37 basis points
between periods. 

The Corporation establishes an allowance
for loan losses through charges to earnings, which are shown in the statements of operations as the provision for loan losses.  Through
the provision for or recovery of loan losses, an allowance is maintained that reflects management s best estimate of probable
incurred losses related to specifically identified loans as well as the inherent risk of loss related to the remaining portfolio.  In
evaluating the allowance for loan losses, management considers various factors that include loan growth, the amount and composition
of the loan portfolio (including non-performing and potential problem loans), diversification, or conversely, concentrations by
industry, geography or collateral within the portfolio, historical loan loss experience, current delinquency levels, the estimated
value of the underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors.  Loan charge-offs are
recorded to this allowance when loans are deemed uncollectible, in whole or in part.  Impacting the provision for loan
losses in any accounting period are several factors including the amount of loan growth during the period, broken down by loan
type, the level of charge-offs during the period, the changes in the amount of impaired loans, changes in risk ratings assigned
to loans, specific loan impairments, credit quality and ultimately, the results of management s assessment of the inherent
risks of the loan portfolio.   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The provision for loan and lease losses
charged against income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $53,000, a decrease of $33,000 or 38.4%, compared to
a provision of $86,000 for the same period in 2015.  The provision charged against income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $70,000, a decrease of $68,000 or 49.3%, compared to a provision of $138,000 for the same period in 2015.  The
decrease in the provision for loan losses was primarily due to a decline in delinquencies and net charge-offs as well as lower
levels of adversely classified loans  Net charge-offs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $22,000
and $47,000, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of $247,000 and $329,000 for the same periods in 2015.  Classified
loans decreased $407,000 or 9.3% to $3,992,000 at September 30, 2016 from $4,399,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Management considers the allowance for
loan losses at September 30, 2016 adequate to cover loan losses based on its assessment of various factors affecting the loan
portfolio, including the level of problem loans, overall delinquencies, business conditions, estimated collateral values and loss
experience.  A decline in local and national economic conditions, or other factors, could result in a material increase
in the allowance for loan losses which could adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations.  Further
information relating to factors affecting the allowance for loan losses is discussed under  Financial Condition . 

Noninterest income consists primarily of
fees and commissions earned on services that are provided to the Corporation s banking customers, income generated from the
leasing of office space, third-party mortgage referral fee income and other miscellaneous income.  Noninterest income
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $507,000 and $2,157,000, respectively, compared to $512,000 and $1,484,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Following are some of the more significant factors affecting
noninterest income in 2016:   

An increase of $719,000 in miscellaneous
income for the nine-month period, largely driven by a $677,000 death benefit that exceeded the cash surrender value of $1,222,000
on a bank-owned life insurance policy associated with a former executive as well as a refund of 2015 FDIC assessment fees of $39,000
from the Division of Financial Institutions.  This refund is the result of recent legislation that eliminated the regulatory
fees paid to the Division by Ohio-chartered banks and savings institutions.    

A decrease of $58,000 in rent income,
for the nine-month period, primarily due to lost income due to the sale of a branch office during the first quarter of 2015.  The
Corporation leased office space at this branch.    

Noninterest expense consists primarily
of personnel, occupancy, equipment and other operating expenses.  Noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 totaled $3,222,000 and $8,429,000, respectively, compared to $2,570,000 and $7,980,000 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  Following are some of the more significant factors affecting noninterest expense during
2016: 

An increase of $113,000 and $250,000 in
salaries and employee benefits for the three and nine-month periods, respectively, primarily reflecting annual salary increases
as well as an increase in employee compensation costs relating to stock option awards, and an increase in group medical insurance
plan expense.    

A decrease of $322,000 in OREO and other
miscellaneous loan expense for the nine-month period, largely due to the sale of two large commercial real estate properties during
the second and third quarters of 2015.     

A decrease of $34,000 and $80,000 in FDIC
deposit insurance for the three and nine-month periods, respectively, primarily due to recent legislation passed by the Ohio General
Assembly that eliminated the regulatory fees paid to the Division of Financial Institutions by Ohio-chartered banks and savings
institutions.    

Merger-related expenses of $515,000
                                                                                                               for the three and nine-month periods reflecting attorney fees, auditor fees, investment banker fees and conversion costs
                                                                                                               associated
                                                                                                               with                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                               upcoming merger with First Defiance.      

An increase of $50,000 and $138,000 in
other operating expense for the three and nine-month periods, respectively, primarily reflecting increases in checkcard losses
and repossessed asset depreciation.     

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Corporation s pre-tax income
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $738,000 and $4,225,000, respectively, resulting in a tax provision
of $302,000 and $1,195,000, compared to pre-tax income of $1,296,000 and $3,596,000 resulting in a tax provision of $351,000 and
$1,058,000 for the same periods in 2015. The Corporation s effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 was 40.92% and 28.28%, respectively, compared to 27.08% and 29.42% for the same periods in 2015. The difference between
the Corporation s effective tax rate and the statutory rate is primarily attributable to non-deductible merger-related expenses
incurred during the quarter and to the Corporation s tax-exempt income. Tax-exempt income includes income earned on certain
state and political subdivisions securities that qualify for state and/or federal income tax exemption and the Corporation s
earnings on Bank-owned life insurance policies, which are exempt from federal taxation. 

LIQUIDITY   

 Liquidity is the ability to satisfy demands
for deposit withdrawals, lending commitments and other corporate needs.  The Corporation s liquidity primarily
represented by cash equivalents and federal funds sold, is a result of its operating, investing and financing activities, which
are summarized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  Primary sources of funds are deposits, prepayments
and maturities of outstanding loans and securities.  While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and securities
are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates,
economic conditions and competition.  Funds are primarily used to meet ongoing commitments, satisfy operational expenses,
payout maturing certificates of deposit and savings withdrawals and fund loan demand, with excess funds being invested in short-term,
interest-earning assets.  Additional funds are generated through Federal Home Loan Bank advances, overnight borrowings
and other sources.   

The Corporation s liquidity ratio
at September 30, 2016 was 7.17% compared to 5.74% at year-end 2015.  Another measure of liquidity is the relationship
of net loans to deposits and borrowed funds with lower ratios indicating greater liquidity.  At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the ratio of net loans to deposits and borrowed funds was 96.66%.  Management believes its sources
of liquidity are adequate to meet the needs of the Corporation. 

As presented in the accompanying unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the sources of liquidity vary between periods.  The Corporation s cash equivalents
and federal funds sold totaled $22,696,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to $20,904,000 at September 30, 2015.  The
primary sources of funds during the first nine months of 2016 included an increase of $8,643,000 in net deposits, $7,000,000 in
Federal Home Loan Bank advances and $4,079,000 in net cash provided by operating activities.  The primary uses of funds
during the nine months of 2016 included the repayment of $12,091,000 in Federal Home Loan Bank advances, $3,383,000 in net loans
and cash dividends of $893,000. 

The primary sources of funds during the
nine months of 2015 included $5,000,000 in Federal Home Loan Bank advances, $2,700,000 in net cash provided by operating activities,
$2,121,000 in proceeds from the sale of OREO and other repossessed assets, $1,276,000 in pay downs and maturities of investment
securities and $1,237,000 in proceeds from the disposition of premises and equipment.  The primary uses of funds during
the nine months of 2015 included the decrease of $6,277,000 in net deposits, the repayment of $5,089,000 in Federal Home Loan Bank
advances, $4,604,000 in net loans, $1,780,000 in security investment purchases and cash dividends of $757,000.   

CAPITAL RESOURCES  

 Banking regulations have established minimum
capital requirements for banks including risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios.  Regulations require all banks
to have a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%, with half of the capital composed of core capital.  Minimum
leverage ratios range from 3.0% to 5.0% of total assets.  Conceptually, risk-based capital requirements assess the riskiness
of a financial institution s balance sheet and off-balance sheet commitments in relation to its capital.  Core
capital, or Tier 1 capital, includes common equity, perpetual preferred stock and minority interests that are held by others in
consolidated subsidiaries minus intangible assets.  Supplementary capital, or Tier 2 capital, includes core capital and
such items as mandatory convertible securities, subordinated debt and the allowance for loans and lease losses, subject to certain
limitations.  Qualified Tier 2 capital can equal up to 100% of an institution s Tier 1 capital with certain limitations
in meeting the total risk-based capital requirements. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

In July 2013, U.S. banking regulators adopted
final rules related to standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity (commonly referred to as  Basel III ).  Under
the new rules, the Bank is subject to new capital requirements that include:  (i) creation of a new required ratio for
common equity Tier 1 ( CET1 ) capital; (ii) an increase to the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio; (iii) changes to risk-weightings
of certain assets for purposes of the risk-based capital ratios; (iv) creation of an additional capital conservation buffer of
2.5% in excess of the required minimum capital ratios; and (v) changes to what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting these
capital requirements. 

The Tier 1 common capital ratio excludes
any preferred shares or non-controlling interests when determining the calculation.  This differs from the Tier 1 capital
ratio which is based on the sum of its equity capital and disclosed reserves, and sometimes non-redeemable, non-cumulative preferred
stock.  Under Basel III, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets.  At
September 30, 2016, the Bank s CET1 ratio was 12.5%, compared to 11.8% at December 31, 2015.  The Bank s
leverage and risk-based capital ratios at September 30, 2016, were 10.9% and 13.7%, respectively, compared to leverage and risk-based
capital ratios of 10.6% and 13.0%, respectively, at December 31, 2015.  The Bank s capital conservation buffer
was 5.7% at September 30, 2016, well above the required buffer of 2.5%.  The Bank exceeded the minimum regulatory requirements
to be considered well capitalized for both periods.  Should it become necessary to raise capital to expand the activities
of the Corporation, the Corporation believes there are sufficient un-issued shares to satisfy the Corporation s objectives. 

TABLE  3       CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS  

 The Corporation has certain obligations
and commitments to make future payments under contract.  The following table presents the Corporation s contractual
obligations and commitments  (in thousands)  at September 30, 2016: 

Contractual Obligations  

Other Commitments  

Other obligations and commitments which
are not included above include the deferred compensation plan, index plan reserve and split dollar life insurance.  The
timing of payments for these plans is unknown.  See Note 1 of the 2015 Annual Report for additional details. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Items listed under  Contractual
Obligations  represent standard bank financing activity under normal terms and practices.  Such funds normally
rollover or are replaced by like items depending on the then-current financing needs.  Items shown under  Other
Commitments  also represent standard bank activity, but for extending credit to bank customers.  Commercial credits
generally represent lines of credit or approved loans with drawable funds still available under the contract terms.  On
an on-going basis, approximately half of these amounts are expected to be drawn.  Consumer credits generally represent
amounts drawable under revolving home equity lines or credit card programs.  Such amounts are usually deemed less likely
to be drawn upon in total as consumers tend not to draw down all amounts on such lines.  Utilization rates tend to be
fairly constant over time.  Standby letters of credit represent guarantees to finance specific projects whose primary
source of financing comes from other sources.  In the unlikely event of the other source s failure to provide
sufficient financing, the bank would be called upon to fill the need.  The Corporation is also continually engaged in
the process of approving new loans in a bidding competition with other banks.  Management and Board committees approve
the terms of these potential new loans with conditions and/or counter terms made to the applicant customers.  Customers
may accept the terms, make a counter proposal, or accept terms from a competitor.  These loans are not yet under contract,
but offers have been tendered, and would be required to be funded if accepted.  Such agreements represent approximately
$10,716,000 at September 30, 2016 in varying maturity terms. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 Market risk refers to the risk of loss
arising from adverse changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and other relevant market rates
and prices.  The primary market risk to which the Corporation is subject is interest rate risk.  Management
seeks to reduce fluctuations in its net interest margin and to optimize net interest income with acceptable levels of risk through
periods of changing interest rates.  Accordingly, the Corporation s interest rate sensitivity and liquidity are
monitored on an ongoing basis by its Asset and Liability Committee ( ALCO ).  ALCO establishes risk measures,
limits and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital.  A
variety of measures are used to provide for a comprehensive view of the magnitude of interest rate risk, the distribution of risk,
the level of risk over time and the exposure to changes in certain interest rate relationships.  ALCO continuously monitors
and manages the balance between interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities.  The objective is to manage the impact
of fluctuating market rates on net interest income within acceptable levels.  In order to meet this objective, management
may lengthen or shorten the duration of assets or liabilities.  Management considers market interest rate risk to be
one of the Corporation s most significant ongoing business risk considerations. 

The two primary methods to monitor and
manage interest rate risk are rate-sensitivity gap analysis and review of the effects of various interest rate shock scenarios.  Based
upon ALCO s review, there has been no significant change in the interest rate risk of the Corporation since year-end 2015.  (See
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31,
2015) 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 

 Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Corporation conducted an evaluation of its
disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to the requirements of Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Based
on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Corporation s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

There was no change in the Corporation s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial
reporting. 

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 FORM 10-Q 

 Quarter ended September 30, 2016 

 PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1    Legal Proceedings  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item.   

Item 1A    Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in Part 1, Item 1.A. of
Commercial Bancshares, Inc. s 10-K filed on March 25, 2016, other than the addition of the following: 

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger with First Defiance Financial Corp    

The pendency of the Corporations  agreement to be acquired by First Defiance could have a negative impact on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations.   

On August 23, 2016, the Corporation entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, Commercial Bancshares, Inc. will merge with and into First Defiance Financial Corp, and First Defiance Financial Corp will be the surviving corporation.  The announcement and pendency of the merger with First Defiance may have a negative impact on the Corporation s business, financial results and operations or disrupt business by:   

intensifying
competition as the Corporation s competitors may seek opportunities related to the pending merger;   

affecting
the Corporation s relationships with its customers, vendors and employees;   

limiting
certain business operations prior to completion of the merger which may prevent the Corporation from pursuing certain opportunities
without First Defiance s approval;   

causing
the Corporation to forego certain opportunities it might otherwise pursue absent the Merger Agreement;   

impairing the Corporation s ability to attract, recruit, retain and motivate current and prospective employees who may be uncertain about their future roles and relationships with First Defiance following the completion of the merger; and   

creating
distractions from the Corporation s strategy and day-to-day operations for its employees and management and a strain on
resources.    

Failure to complete the merger with First Defiance could negatively impact the Corporation s business.   

There is no assurance that the merger with
        First Defiance or any other transaction will occur or that the conditions to the merger will be satisfied in a timely manner or
        at all. Further, there is no assurance that any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of
        the Merger Agreement will not occur. If the proposed merger or a similar transaction is not completed, the share price of the Corporation s
        common stock may drop to the extent that the current market price of the Corporation s common stock reflects an assumption
        that a transaction will be completed. Certain costs associated with the merger are already incurred or may be payable even if the
        merger is not completed. Further, a failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of the Corporation
        in the investment community. Finally, any disruptions to the Corporation s business resulting from the announcement and pendency
        of the merger and from intensifying competition from competitors, including any adverse changes in the Corporation s relationships
        with its customers, vendors and employees or recruiting and retention efforts, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed
        transaction. There can be no assurance that the Corporation s business, relationships or financial condition will not be
        negatively impacted, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the merger, if the merger is not consummated. 

Item 2    Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation purchased 253 and 5,369
shares of stock, respectively, totaling $7,699 and $157,869, respectively, to fund acquisitions made by participating directors
under the Commercial Bancshares, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan.  The shares
issued under this plan were registered with the SEC pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 filed December 23, 2008.  Shares
are purchased by the Corporation on the open market and are credited to the respective accounts of the deferred compensation plan
participants.     

Item 3    Defaults upon Senior Securities  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item.   

Item 4    Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

Item 5    Other Information  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item.   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 FORM 10-Q 

 Quarter ended September 30, 2016 

 PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 6    Exhibits:    

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Description of Document   

3.1.a.  
       
      Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 27, 1995)   

3.1.b.  
       
      Amendment to the Corporation s Amended Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares authorized for the issuance to 4,000,000 common shares, no par value (incorporated by reference to Appendix I to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 13, 1997)   

3.2  
       
      Code of Regulations of the Corporation (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 27, 1995)   

4  
       
      Form of Certificate of Common Shares of the Corporation (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 27, 1995)   

11  
       
      Statement re computation of per share earnings (reference is hereby made to Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 8 hereof)   

31.1  
       
      Certification by CEO Pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 302   

31.2  
       
      Certification by CFO Pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 302   

32.1  
       
      Certification by CEO Pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 906   

32.2  
       
      Certification by CFO Pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 906   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

COMMERCIAL
    BANCSHARES, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date:  
      November
    14, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Robert E. Beach   

(Signature)   

Robert
    E. Beach   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  
      November
    14, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Scott A. Oboy   

(Signature)   

Scott
    A. Oboy   

Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452010_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

EXHIBIT 31.1   

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Robert E. Beach, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Commercial Bancshares, Inc.;   

2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4)  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5)  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Robert E. Beach  

[Signature]  

Robert E. Beach  

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452010_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

EXHIBIT 31.2   

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Scott A. Oboy, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Commercial Bancshares, Inc.;   

2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4)  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures  and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluations; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5)  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Scott A. Oboy  

[Signature]  

Scott A. Oboy  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452010_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

EXHIBIT 32.1   

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
  1350   

I, Robert E. Beach,
the Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
    Robert E. Beach  

President
    and Chief Executive Officer  

Dated:  November
    14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452010_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

COMMERCIAL BANCSHARES, INC. 

EXHIBIT 32.2   

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
  1350   

I, Scott A. Oboy,
the Chief Financial Officer of Commercial Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cmoh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cmoh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cmoh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cmoh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cmoh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cmoh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

