<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_727510_0001144204-16-133295_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1468017</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61498</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>96372</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>406562</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>577762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>291462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133295.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110161623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000727510
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				222372868
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36435
		FILM NUMBER:		161988242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 COMMERCE DRIVE, SUITE 135
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-980-4500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 COMMERCE DRIVE, SUITE 135
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENZON PHARMACEUTICAL  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133295.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452104_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission file number 0-12957 

Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(732) 980-4500  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.          Yes    x      No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).          Yes    x      No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer                    Accelerated
filer                    Non-accelerated
filer                    Smaller
reporting company    x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).            Yes           No    x  

Shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 31, 2016: 44,214,603 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item 1. Financial Statements.  

ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

2  

ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3  

ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4  

ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

(1)    Description of Business  

Enzon Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (together with its subsidiary,  Enzon  or the  Company ) receives royalty revenues from existing licensing
arrangements with other companies primarily related to sales of four marketed drug products, namely, PegIntron  , Sylatron
 , Macugen   and CIMZIA  . In addition, the Company s rights to receive royalties on sales of Macugen and CIMZIA
expired in the U.S. and Great Britain in 2014. The primary source of the Company s royalty revenues is sales of PegIntron,
which is marketed by Merck   Co., Inc. ( Merck ). The Company currently has no clinical operations and limited
corporate operations. Royalty revenues from sales of PegIntron accounted for approximately 61% and 83% of the Company s total
royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, approximately 70% and 80% of the Company s
total royalty revenues in the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately 80% and 79%
of the Company s total royalty revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The Company was previously
dedicated to the research and development of innovative therapeutics for patients with high unmet medical needs.   Beginning
in December 2012, the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ), with outside consultants, began a review of
the possible sale or disposition of one or more corporate assets or a sale of the Company. At that time, the Company suspended
substantially all clinical development activities with a goal of conserving capital and maximizing value returned to the Company s
stockholders.   By April 2013, the review did not result in a definitive offer to acquire the Company or all or substantially
all of the Company s assets.   At the same time, the Company announced that its Board intended to distribute excess
cash, expected to arise from ongoing royalty revenues, in the form of periodic dividends to stockholders.  The
Company ended its remaining research and development activities during 2013  and the Company has no intention of resuming
any clinical development activities or acquiring new sources of royalty revenues. 

Effective June 25,
2015, the Company and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Defiante Farmaceutica, S.A. and Sigma-Tau Finanzaria, S.P.A. (collectively
 Sigma-Tau ) agreed to settle, for $526,128, a claim by the Company that Sigma Tau inappropriately withheld $826,128
(the  Claim ) in rebate payments earned in the fourth quarter of 2014 and paid in the first quarter of 2015 that would
otherwise have been due the Company as royalty payments. Sigma-Tau retained an amount equal to $826,128 that would, but for the
Claim, be due and owing to the Company under the Agreement in the second quarter of 2015, but under the terms of the settlement
agreed to pay to the Company $300,000 (the  Settlement Amount ). The Company agreed that upon receipt of such amount,
it would not have a claim for $826,128 in royalties earned for the fourth quarter of 2014, provided that the Company maintains
its right, upon written request to Sigma-Tau and through an independent accounting firm, to inspect the relevant records of Sigma-Tau
at any time within the three-year period following the close of each calendar year for the purpose of verifying the accuracy of
all payments or charges used to calculate royalties payable under the Company s agreement with Sigma-Tau for such calendar
year and to make a claim as a result of such inspection. The Company recorded the $300,000 as royalty revenue during the second
quarter of 2015 and received such Settlement Amount on July 13, 2015. 

In
June 2015, the Company delivered notice to Nektar Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nektar ) asserting a breach of its
Cross-License and Option Agreement with Nektar for Nektar s failure to pay an immunity fee that the Company believes
became payable to it under such agreement with respect to certain of the Company s patents that would be infringed by
Nektar s products (or those of Nektar s licensees). To date, Nektar has disputed the Company s claim to an
immunity fee.  On August 14, 2015, the Company filed a summons and complaint against Nektar in the Supreme Court of New
York for breach of contract (the  Complaint ). On October 23, 2015, Nektar filed a motion to dismiss the
Complaint.  On February 2, 2016, the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted Nektar its motion to dismiss the
Complaint. The Company appealed this dismissal. In an Order dated October 25, 2016, the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, Appellate Division reversed the decision of the trial court and denied Nektar s motion to dismiss the Complaint.
The case was remanded to the trial court for further proceedings. While the Company continues to believe that an immunity fee
is currently due and payable by Nektar and intends to continue to pursue this claim, the outcome of such dispute is uncertain
and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to collect, in full or in part, the immunity fee or any future
payments related thereto from Nektar.  As such, no amounts have been recorded as of September 30,
2016.  

5  

On February 4, 2016,
the Company entered into (i) an agreement with the landlord (the  Landlord ) of our leased property at 20 Kingsbridge
Road, Piscataway, New Jersey (the  Leased Property ) and the Company s subtenant and (ii) a letter agreement
with the Landlord (the  Letter Agreement ). Pursuant to a Surrender and Release Agreement, (i) our lease agreement
(the  Prime Lease ) with the Landlord terminated effective as of February 4, 2016 (the  Termination Date )
and (ii) our sublease agreement with the subtenant became a direct lease between the Landlord and the subtenant effective as of
the Termination Date. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, from and after the Termination Date, the Landlord agreed to perform all
of the Company s obligations under the sublease, the Landlord waived all claims against the Company in connection with the
lease, the sublease or the Leased Property and the Landlord has released the Company from all liability in connection with the
lease and the sublease and, in exchange therefor, on the Termination Date, the Company paid $4.25 million to the Landlord s
mortgage lender and approximately $204,000 to the Landlord (together, the  Release Payments ). The Release Payments
were recorded in 2015. 

Commencing on March
1, 2016, the Company changed the location of its principal executive offices to 20 Commerce Drive, Suite 135, Cranford, New Jersey,
07016. The Company entered into an office service agreement with Regus Management Group, LLC ( Regus ) for use of office
space at this location effective March 1, 2016. The term of the agreement will continue until February 28, 2017. Under the agreement,
in exchange for the Company s right to use the office space at this location, the Company was required to pay Regus an initial
service retainer of $2,418 and, thereafter, pay Regus a monthly fee of $1,209. 

On February 4, 2016,
the Board adopted a Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution (the  Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution ), pursuant to which
the Company would, subject to obtaining requisite stockholder approval, be liquidated and dissolved in accordance with Sections
280 and 281(a) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. As announced in the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on March 21, 2016, the Board has postponed seeking stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution until
a later time to be determined by the Board. 

The Company s common stock was delisted
from Nasdaq on May 20, 2016 because the Company no longer met the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share,
as set forth in Nasdaq listing rules. Effective August 9, 2016, the Company s common stock has been quoted for trading on
the OTCQX.   

(2)    Basis of Presentation  

Interim Financial Statements  

The accompanying condensed
balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, which has been derived from the audited financial statements, and the interim unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared from the books and records of the Company in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X
promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, these financial statements do not include all of the information
and footnotes required for complete annual financial statements. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the full year. Interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although
management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

6  

(3)    New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This update addresses eight specific cash flow issues
with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will
have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients . This update clarifies the objectives of collectability, sales and other taxes, noncash
consideration, contract modifications at transition, completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments
in this update affect the guidance in Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) , which is not yet effective but will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.
The Company believes that ASU No. 2016-01 will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In January 2016, FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update 2016-01 (ASU No. 2016-01)   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  
The FASB issued this update to make limited amendments to the guidance in U. S. GAAP on the classification and measurement
of financial instruments. This update significantly revises an entity s accounting related to the classification and measurement
of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair
value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The update will
take effect for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company believes that ASU No. 2016-01 will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740):  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which requires
that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet. This update is effective
for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard permits the
use of either the retrospective or prospective transition method. The Company believes that ASU No. 2016-01 will not have a material
effect on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

(4)    Financial Instruments and Fair Value  

The carrying values
of cash, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s condensed
consolidated balance sheets approximated their fair values at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 due to their short-term
nature. 

(5)    Supplemental Cash Flow Information  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, there was an estimated federal income tax payment of $135,000 made and $1,500 of estimated New Jersey
income tax payments made. The $135,000 represented an over estimate of taxes due and in the third quarter of 2016, such amount
was recorded as a receivable, included in other current assets. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company made federal income tax payments of $137,000. 

There were no interest
payments made during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(6)    Income (Loss) Per Common Share  

Basic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing the income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Restricted stock units (nonvested shares) are not considered to be outstanding shares
until the vesting criteria (service and/or performance) have been satisfied. 

7  

For purposes of calculating
diluted earnings per common share, the denominator includes both the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
and the number of common stock equivalents if the inclusion of such common stock equivalents is dilutive. Dilutive common stock
equivalents potentially include stock options and nonvested shares using the treasury stock method and shares issuable under the
employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Earnings per common share information is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

As of September 30,
2016, there are no shares issuable, which could potentially dilute basic EPS in the future for vesting of nonvested shares. 

(7)    Stock-Based Compensation  

Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units
(RSUs or Nonvested Shares)  

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred no stock-based compensation expense. No RSUs were outstanding
as of September 30, 2016. 

Shares were withheld to pay approximately
$6,000 of taxes on behalf of employees because RSUs vested during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, which had a minimal effect on additional paid-in
capital. 

There were no options
granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and no nonvested shares granted during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The Company uses historical data to estimate forfeiture rates. 

Activity related to
stock options and nonvested shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that
date are reflected below (in thousands): 

8  

(8)    Income Taxes  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $2,503,000 of income tax expense for U.S. federal income tax, substantially all
of which related to a reduction of the Company s net deferred tax assets. Of this amount, approximately, $674,000 was recorded
in the third quarter of 2016. 

The Company continues
to provide a partial valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets since the Company believes it is more likely than
not that certain of its remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management of the Company will continue to assess the
need for this valuation allowance and will make adjustments to it when appropriate. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded a tax provision of $888,000 for U.S. federal income tax provision for the third
quarter of 2015. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $712,000 of net income tax benefit for U.S. federal income tax provision. This was
substantially attributable to a reduction of a valuation allowance against the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately
$2.5 million in the first quarter of 2015, as partially offset by the tax provision of $1.78 million recorded in the second and
third quarters of 2015. 

(9)    Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  

The Company has been
involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
disposition of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of
operations, or liquidity. 

9  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  Enzon,  the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our 
and similar terms mean Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Overview  

We receive royalty
revenues from existing licensing arrangements with other companies primarily related to sales of four marketed drug products, namely,
PegIntron   , Sylatron   , Macugen   and CIMZIA   . We also had previously received royalty revenues from licensing
arrangements related to sales of Oncaspar and Adagen until our rights to receive royalties on sales of these products expired in
2014. In addition, our rights to receive royalties on sales of Macugen and CIMZIA expired in the U.S. and Great Britain in 2014.
The primary source of our royalty revenues is sales of PegIntron, which is marketed by Merck   Co., Inc. ( Merck ).
We currently have no clinical operations and limited corporate operations. Royalty revenues from sales of PegIntron accounted for
approximately 61% and 83% of our total royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,  and 
approximately 70% and 80% of our total royalty revenues for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and approximately 80% and 79% of our total royalty revenues in each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

We were previously
dedicated to the research and development of innovative therapeutics for patients with high unmet medical needs. In December 2012,
we announced that our Board of Directors retained Lazard to act as financial advisor in a review of the possible sale or disposition
of one or more corporate assets or a sale of our company and that our Board of Directors established a special committee
to oversee our sale review process. In connection with our sale review process, we substantially suspended all clinical development
activities with a goal of conserving capital and maximizing value returned to our stockholders. In April 2013, we announced that
we had concluded a review of the sale or disposition of one or more corporate assets or a sale of our company. The review did
not result in a definitive offer to acquire our company or all or substantially all of our assets. In the same announcement, we
also announced that our Board of Directors intends to distribute excess cash, expected to arise from ongoing royalty revenues,
in the form of periodic dividends to stockholders. We wound down our remaining research and development activities during 2013.
We have no intention of resuming any clinical development activities or acquiring new sources of royalty revenues. 

Effective June 25,
2015, we and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Defiante Farmaceutica, S.A. and Sigma-Tau Finanzaria, S.P.A. (collectively  Sigma-Tau )
agreed to settle, for $526,128, a claim we made that Sigma Tau inappropriately withheld $826,128 (the  Claim ) in rebate
payments earned in the fourth quarter of 2014 and paid in the first quarter of 2015 that would otherwise have been due us as royalty
payments. Sigma-Tau retained an amount equal to $826,128 that would, but for the Claim, be due and owing to us under the Agreement
in the second quarter of 2015, but under the terms of the settlement agreed to pay to us $300,000 (the  Settlement Amount ).
We agreed that upon receipt of such amount, we would not have a claim for $826,128 in royalties earned for the fourth quarter of
2014, provided that we maintain our right, upon written request to Sigma-Tau and through an independent accounting firm, to inspect
the relevant records of Sigma-Tau at any time within the three-year period following the close of each calendar year for the purpose
of verifying the accuracy of all payments or charges used to calculate royalties payable under our agreement with Sigma-Tau for
such calendar year and to make a claim as a result of such inspection. We recorded the $300,000 as royalty revenue during the second
quarter of 2015 and received such Settlement Amount on July 13, 2015. 

In
June 2015, we delivered notice to Nektar Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nektar ) asserting a breach of our Cross-License
and Option Agreement with Nektar for Nektar s failure to pay an immunity fee that we believe became payable to us under
such agreement with respect to certain of our patents that would be infringed by Nektar s products (or those of
Nektar s licensees). To date, Nektar has disputed our claim to an immunity fee.  On August 14, 2015, we filed a
summons and complaint against Nektar in the Supreme Court of New York for breach of contract. On October 23, 2015, Nektar
filed a motion to dismiss the complaint.  On February 2, 2016, the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted
Nektar its motion to dismiss the complaint. We appealed this dismissal. In an Order dated October 25, 2016, the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, Appellate Division reversed the decision of the trial court and denied Nektar s motion
to dismiss the Complaint.  The case was remanded to the trial court for further proceedings.
While we believe that an immunity fee is currently due and payable by Nektar and we intend to continue to pursue this claim,
the outcome of such dispute is uncertain and there can be no assurance that we will be able to collect, in full or in part,
the immunity fee or any future payments related thereto from Nektar. As such, no amounts have been recorded as of September
30, 2016.   

10  

In September 2013,
we entered into a sublease agreement (the  Sublease ) with an unrelated third party, (the  Subtenant )
pursuant to which we sublet a portion of our leased premises and parking areas located at 20 Kingsbridge Road, Piscataway, New
Jersey (the  Leased Property ). The sublease commenced on November 14, 2013 and was to expire on July 30, 2021. The
monthly fixed rent payable to us by the Subtenant was $10,417 in year one and escalated to $35,000 in each of years five through
eight. The sublease also provided for the Subtenant to pay additional rent to cover its applicable share of various property-related
expenses. 

On February 4, 2016,
we entered into (i) an agreement (the  Surrender and Release Agreement ) with the landlord of the Leased Property (the
 Landlord ) and the Subtenant and (ii) a letter agreement with the Landlord (the  Letter Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Surrender and Release Agreement, (i) our lease agreement (the  Prime Lease ) with the Landlord terminated effective
as of February 4, 2016 (the  Termination Date ) and (ii) our sublease agreement with the Subtenant became a direct
lease between the Landlord and the Subtenant effective as of the Termination Date. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, from and after
the Termination Date, the Landlord agreed to perform all of our obligations under the sublease, the Landlord waived all claims
against us in connection with the Prime Lease, the sublease or the Leased Property and the Landlord has released us from all liability
in connection with the Prime Lease and the Sublease and, in exchange therefor, on the Termination Date, we paid $4.25 million to
the Landlord s mortgage lender and approximately $204,000 to the Landlord (together, the  Release Payments ).
The Release Payments were recorded in 2015. 

Commencing on March
1, 2016, we changed the location of our principal executive offices to 20 Commerce Drive, Suite 135, Cranford, New Jersey, 07016.
We entered into an office service agreement with Regus Management Group, LLC ( Regus ) for use of office space at this
location effective March 1, 2016. The term of the agreement will continue until February 28, 2017. Under the agreement, in exchange
for our right to use the office space at this location, we were required to pay Regus an initial service retainer of $2,418 and,
thereafter, pay Regus a monthly fee of $1,209. 

On February 4, 2016,
our Board of Directors adopted a Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution (the  Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution ), pursuant
to which the Company would, subject to obtaining requisite stockholder approval, be liquidated and dissolved in accordance with
Sections 280 and 281(a) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. As announced in our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 21, 2016, our Board of Directors has postponed seeking stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution
until a later time to be determined by our Board of Directors. 

Our common stock was
delisted from Nasdaq on May 20, 2016 because we no longer met the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share,
as set forth in Nasdaq listing rules. Effective August 9, 2016, our common stock has been quoted for trading on the OTCQX. 

Throughout this Management s
Discussion and Analysis, the primary focus is on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The percentage
changes throughout the following discussion are based on amounts stated in thousands of dollars and not the rounded millions of
dollars reflected in this section. 

11  

Results of Operations  

Revenues:  

Royalties    (in millions
of dollars): 

Most of our royalty revenues are derived
from sales of PegIntron. Royalty revenues from sales of PegIntron by Merck accounted for approximately 61% and 83% of our
total royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately 70% and 80% of our
total royalty revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Royalty revenues from Merck have been
declining sharply, primarily because of biosimilar competition, as have our royalties, generally, from other licensees, due to
the continued expiration of patents in various countries and availability of alternative medications. This trend is expected to
continue. 

The following table
summarizes our PegIntron royalties earned (in millions of dollars): 

*   Our right to receive royalties on U.S. sales of PegIntron
expires in 2016. 

Miscellaneous Income    

Miscellaneous income
was approximately $63,000 and $21,000 for the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and related,
primarily, to sublease income. 

Miscellaneous income
was approximately $224,000 and $73,000 for the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and related,
primarily, to sublease income. 

12  

Operating Expenses:  

General and Administrative    (in millions of dollars): 

General and administrative
expenses increased by $.2 million, or 100%, to $0.4 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $0.2 million for the third quarter
of 2015. This increase is primarily attributable to the reduction of general and administrative expense in the third quarter of
2015 due to the write-off of accrued rent in connection with our lease termination during that period. 

General and administrative
expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $200,000, or 15%, to $1.5 million from $1.3 million for the first
nine months of 2015. The increase was due to professional fees, primarily, legal fees, incurred in developing and evaluating our
proposed plan of Liquidation and Dissolution, litigation in connection with Nektar and fees in connection with transferring from
Nasdaq to the OTC market, that more than offset the decrease in our rent and building related costs. 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit  

We incurred a
tax expense of approximately $2.5 million in the first nine months of 2016, of which approximately $0.7 million was
incurred during the third quarter of 2016. Substantially all of the income tax expense is related to a reduction of
the Company s net deferred tax assets, utilizing its net offering loss carryforwards. The income tax expense
approximates expected statutory income tax rates. 

We continue to provide
a partial valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets since we believe it is more likely than not that certain of our
remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our management will continue to assess the need for this valuation allowance
and will make adjustments to it when appropriate.  

We incurred a tax expense
of approximately $888,000 and realized a tax benefit of approximately $712,000, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2015. This resulted from the partial reversal of a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which
provided approximately $2.5 million in tax benefit during the first quarter of 2015, as partially offset by an aggregate tax provision
of approximately $1.7 million in the second and third quarters of 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Our current sources
of liquidity are (i) our cash on hand and (ii) anticipated royalty revenues from third-party sales of marketed drug products that
utilize our proprietary technology (primarily anticipated royalty revenues from sales of PegIntron). While we no longer have any
research and development activities, we continue to retain rights to receive royalties from existing licensing arrangements with
other companies. We believe that our anticipated royalty revenues, primarily anticipated royalty revenues from sales of PegIntron
and our cash on hand, will be sufficient to fund our operations, at least, through September 30, 2017. However, our future royalty
revenues are expected to decrease sharply over the next several years and there can be no assurance that we will receive amounts
of royalty revenues as anticipated. 

Cash was $12.9 million
as of September 30, 2016, as compared to $11.7 million as of December 31, 2015. The increase of approximately $1.2 million was
attributable to the net cash provided by operating activities. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As part of our ongoing
business, we do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships,
such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities (SPEs), which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually limited purposes. As of September 30, 2016,
we were not involved in any SPE transactions. 

13  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

A critical accounting
policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations and requires
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Our consolidated financial
statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the U.S. All applicable U.S. GAAP
accounting standards effective as of September 30, 2016 have been taken into consideration in preparing the consolidated financial
statements. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Some of those estimates are subjective and complex,
and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. The following accounting policies and estimates have been
highlighted as significant because changes to certain judgments and assumptions inherent in these policies could affect our consolidated
financial statements. 

We base our estimates,
to the extent possible, on historical experience. Historical information is modified as appropriate based on current business factors
and various assumptions that we believe are necessary to form a basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and
liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes when necessary. Actual results could differ from our
estimates. 

Revenues  

Royalties under our
license agreements with third-parties and pursuant to the sale of our former specialty pharmaceutical business are recognized when
reasonably determinable and earned through the sale of the product by the third-party and collection is reasonably assured. Notification
from the third-party licensee of the royalties earned under the license agreement is the basis for royalty revenue recognition.
This information generally is received from the licensees in the quarter subsequent to the period in which the sales occur. 

Income Taxes  

Under the asset and
liability method of accounting for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. A valuation allowance on a portion of our net deferred tax assets is provided for when it is more likely than not
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016, we believe, based on our projections,
that it is more likely than not that a portion of our net deferred tax assets, including our net operating losses from operating
activities and stock option exercises, will not be realized. We recognize the benefit of an uncertain tax position that we have
taken or expect to take on the income tax returns we file if it is more likely than not we will be able to sustain.  

14  

Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future
Results  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, other than statements that are purely historical,
are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
the words  believes,   expects,   may,   will,   should,   potential, 
 anticipates,   plans  or  intends  or the negative thereof, or other variations thereof, or
comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. Forward-looking statements are based upon management s present expectations,
objectives, anticipations, plans, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and are subject to known and unknown
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, events or developments to be materially different from those indicated
in such forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following risks and uncertainties: 

The proposed dissolution and liquidation of the Company may not be completed in a timely manner or at all.   

The amount we distribute to our shareholders as liquidating distributions, if any, pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation  and Dissolution may be substantially less than estimated.   

We derive most of our royalty revenues from continued sales of PegIntron, which have been in decline since 2008, and if sales of PegIntron continue to decline or sales of other drug products for which we receive royalty revenues materially decline, our results of operations and financial position could be materially harmed.   

We may not be able to sustain profitability and we may incur losses over the next several years.   

We may be subject to a variety of types of product liability or other claims based on allegations that the use of our product candidates by participants in our past clinical trials has resulted in adverse effects, and our insurance may not cover all product liability or other claims.   

We may not receive an Immunity Fee from Nektar for the sale of certain products.   

We depend on patents and proprietary rights, which may offer only limited protection against potential infringement and the development of competing products.   

We are party to license and other collaboration agreements that contain complex commercial terms that could result in disputes, litigation or indemnification liability that could cause the value of the Company and our assets and the market price of our common stock to decline.   

We are party to license agreements whereby we may receive royalties from products subject to regulatory approval.   

The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile.   

The declaration of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to any applicable limitations under Delaware corporate law. Our ability to pay dividends in the future depends on, among other things, our future royalty revenues, which are expected to decrease sharply over the next several years, as well as our ability to manage expenses, including costs relating to our ongoing operations.   

Events with respect to our capital stock could cause the number of shares of our common stock outstanding to increase and thereby cause our stockholders to suffer significant dilution.   

15  

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware corporate law may make it more difficult to acquire us, even though such acquisitions may be beneficial to our stockholders.   

The issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect rights of our common stockholders.   

A small number of stockholders own a large percentage of our common stock and can influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval.   

Our common stock was recently delisted from The NASDAQ Stock Market and began being quoted for trading on the OTCQX, which may limit the liquidity of our common stock and increase its volatility.   

If we experience an  ownership change,  as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our ability to fully utilize our net operating loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) on an annual basis will be substantially limited, and the timing of the usage of the NOLs could be substantially delayed, which could therefore significantly impair the value of those benefits.   

A more detailed discussion
of these risks and uncertainties and other factors that could affect results is contained in our filings with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated in  Item
1A. Risk Factors  of our subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties and other factors should
be considered carefully and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. As such, no assurance
can be given that the future results covered by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. All information in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q is as of the date of this report, unless otherwise indicated, and we undertake no duty to update this information. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.  

We currently hold no
financial instruments. 

We currently have no
outstanding debt. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Our management, under
the direction of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including
the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal
control over financial reporting. 

16  

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1 Legal Proceedings.  

In June 2015, we
delivered notice to Nektar Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nektar ) asserting a breach of our Cross-License and Option
Agreement with Nektar for Nektar s failure to pay an immunity fee that we believe became payable to us under such
agreement with respect to certain of our patents that would be infringed by Nektar s products (or those of
Nektar s licensees). To date, Nektar has disputed our claim to an immunity fee.  On August 14, 2015, the we filed
a summons and complaint against Nektar in the Supreme Court of New York for breach of contract. On October 23, 2015, Nektar
filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On February 2, 2016, the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted Nektar its
motion to dismiss the complaint. We appealed this dismissal. In an Order dated October 25, 2016, the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, Appellate Division reversed the decision of the trial court and denied Nektar s motion to dismiss
the Complaint. The case was remanded to the trial court for further proceedings. While we believe that an immunity fee is
currently due and payable by Nektar and intend to continue to pursue this claim, the outcome of such dispute is uncertain and
there can be no assurance that we will be able to collect, in full or in part, the immunity fee or any future payments
related thereto from Nektar. As such, no amounts have been recorded as of September 30, 2016.  See
Note 9 to our Consolidated Interim Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

There are no material
changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
filed on March 21, 2016, as updated by our Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 10,
2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

On December 21, 2010,
our Board of Directors had authorized a share repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to $200.0 million
of our outstanding common stock. Since the inception of this share repurchase program, the cumulative number of shares repurchased
and retired through September 30, 2016 amounts to 16,174,568 shares at a total cost of $153.4 million, or an average cost per share
of approximately $9.48. 

Since December 2012,
we have suspended repurchases under the share repurchase program and do not currently intend to resume repurchases under the share
repurchase program. Accordingly, no shares were repurchased at any time since 2012. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

(a) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit  
 Number  
       
      Description  
       
      Reference  
 No.   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. (1)  
       
      *   

*    Filed
herewith.  

17  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.     

(Registrant)   

Dated: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ Andrew Rackear   

Andrew Rackear   

Chief Executive Officer and Secretary   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ Richard L. Feinstein   

Richard L. Feinstein   

Vice President-Finance and   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

18  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  
 Number  
       
      Description  
       
      Reference  
 No.   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. (1)  
       
      *   

*    Filed
herewith.  

19  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452104_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Andrew Rackear, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Andrew Rackear   

Andrew Rackear   

Chief Executive Officer and Secretary   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452104_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Richard L. Feinstein, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Richard L. Feinstein   

Richard L. Feinstein   

Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452104_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C.  1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION  906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Andrew Rackear Chief Executive Officer
and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Andrew Rackear   

Andrew Rackear   

Chief Executive Officer and Secretary   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and will be furnished
to the Securities Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452104_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C.  1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION  906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Richard L. Feinstein, Vice President-Finance
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Richard L. Feinstein   

Richard L. Feinstein   

Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
and will be furnished to the Securities Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 enzn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 enzn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 enzn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 enzn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 enzn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 enzn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

