<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_203596_0001193125-16-760210_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10515296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152170</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>487838</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2135404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4717500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2329173</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760210.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104162131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760210
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESBANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000203596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				550571723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0224

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08467
		FILM NUMBER:		161975424

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 BANK PLAZA
		CITY:			WHEELING
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3042349000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BANK PLZ
		CITY:			WHEELING
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760210.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d243299d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 000-08467   
  WESBANCO, INC.      (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)       

1 Bank Plaza, Wheeling, WV  
   
  26003   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 304-234-9000   
  NOT APPLICABLE      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 As of October 28, 2016, there were 43,860,883 shares of WesBanco, Inc. common stock, $2.0833 par value, outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   WESBANCO, INC.   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Item No.   
   
    ITEM   
    
    Page No.   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1 
   
    Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 
30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

7 

2 
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

30 

3 
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

48 

4 
   
    Controls and Procedures   

51 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION

1 
   
    Legal Proceedings   

52 

2 
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

52 

6 
   
    Exhibits   

53 

Signatures   

54 

Table of Contents  

     PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
    WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
       
   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
       
   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY
         For the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
       
   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Basis of presentation    The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of WesBanco, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries
( WesBanco ) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 WesBanco s interim financial statements have been prepared following the significant accounting policies disclosed in Note 1 of the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of its 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the opinion of management, the accompanying interim financial information reflects all adjustments, including
normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly WesBanco s financial position and results of operations for each of the interim periods presented. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results
of operations that may be expected for a full year.    Recent accounting pronouncements    In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) (ASU 2016-15) that provides guidance for the classification of cash flows related to (1) debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, (2)
settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate on the borrowing, (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (4)
proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, (6) distributions received from equity method investees, (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions and (8)
separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which
for WesBanco will be effective for the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018 Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.
   In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 that will require entities to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model on
trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities
will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. Entities will have to disclose significantly more
information, including information they use to track credit quality by year of origination for most financing receivables. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim
periods within those fiscal years, which for WesBanco will be effective for the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. WesBanco is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this pronouncement on its Consolidated Financial Statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 that
will require all excess income tax benefits or tax deficiencies of stock awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also will allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can
today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 that eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply the equity method in previous periods when
an investor initially obtains significant influence over an investee. The update is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and requires prospective adoption. Early adoption is
permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 that will require entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet
and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. The principal difference from previous guidance is that the lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases were not previously recognized in the balance
sheet. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. WesBanco is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this pronouncement on its Consolidated Financial Statements.            In January 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-01 that will require entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the
investments qualify for the new practicability exception. The standard does not change the guidance for classifying and measuring investments in debt securities and loans. Entities will have to record changes in instrument-specific credit risk for
financial liabilities measured under the fair value option in other comprehensive income. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16 which eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for
measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, acquirers must recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the amounts, including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in
previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The acquirer still must disclose the amounts and reasons for adjustments to the provisional amounts. The acquirer also must disclose, by line item, the amount of the
adjustment reflected in the current-period income statement that would have been recognized in previous periods if the adjustment to provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. Alternatively, an acquirer may present those
amounts separately on the face of the income statement. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods with those fiscal years. The adoption of this
pronouncement did not have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07 related to disclosures for investments in certain
entities that calculate net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent). This update removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
practical expedient and modifies certain disclosure requirements. The update is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and requires retrospective adoption. The adoption of this
pronouncement did not have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-05 that provides guidance on when to account for a cloud computing arrangement as a software license. The guidance applies only to internal-use software that a customer obtains access to in a hosting arrangement if both of the following
criteria are met: (1) The customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty, (2) it is feasible for the customer to either run the software on its own hardware or
contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to host the software. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this pronouncement
did not have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.    In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02 that
revised the consolidation model, requiring reporting entities to reevaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities under the revised model. The amendments in this update modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and
similar legal entities are variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities, and eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate and affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with
VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships. The pronouncement also provides for a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to
comply with or operate in accordance with requirements similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on WesBanco s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The new revenue pronouncement
creates a single source of revenue guidance for all companies in all industries and is more principles-based than current revenue guidance. The pronouncement provides a five-step model for a company to recognize revenue when it transfers control of
goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The five steps are, (1) identify the contract with the customer, (2) identify the separate
performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The pronouncement was
originally effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016 using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective
approach. Early adoption was not permitted. On July 9, 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the update. The update is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is now permitted as of the original effective date for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08 which amends the principal versus
agent guidance in the revenue standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10 which clarifies when promised goods or services are separately identifiable in the revenue standard. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12 which provided
narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients to the revenue standard. WesBanco is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this pronouncement on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  NOTE 2. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS     On
September 9, 2016, WesBanco completed its acquisition of Your Community Bankshares, Inc. ( YCB ), a bank holding company headquartered in New Albany, Indiana. The transaction expanded WesBanco s franchise into Kentucky and
Southern Indiana.    On the acquisition date, YCB had approximately $1.5 billion in assets, excluding goodwill, which included approximately
$1.0 billion in loans, and $173.2 million in securities. The YCB acquisition was valued at $220.5 million, based on WesBanco s closing stock price on September 9, 2016 of $32.62, and resulted in WesBanco issuing 5,423,348 shares of its common
stock and $43.3 million in cash in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of YCB common stock. The assets and liabilities of YCB were recorded on WesBanco s balance sheet at their preliminary estimated fair values as of September 9,
2016, the acquisition date, and YCB s results of operations have been included in WesBanco s Consolidated Statements of Income since that date. Due to the timing of the acquisition relative to the end of the reporting period, the fair
values for nearly all line items in YCB s September 9, 2016 balance sheet represent preliminary estimates. Based on a preliminary purchase price allocation, WesBanco recorded $90.6 million in goodwill and $12.0 million in core deposit
intangibles in its community banking segment, representing the principal change in goodwill and intangibles from December 31, 2015. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes as the acquisition is accounted for as a tax-free
exchange for tax purposes. As a result of the full integration of the operations of YCB, it is not practicable to determine revenue or net income included in WesBanco s operating results relating to YCB since the date of acquisition as
YCB s results cannot be separately identified.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, WesBanco recorded merger-related
expenses of $10.6 million associated with the YCB acquisition.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The purchase price of the YCB acquisition and resulting goodwill is summarized as follows:  
   
   The following table presents the preliminary allocation of the purchase price of the assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition, as WesBanco intends to finalize its accounting for the acquisition of YCB within one year from the date of acquisition:      

(1)  
   Includes receivables of $105.8 million from the sale of available-for-sale securities prior to the acquisition date.    
  NOTE 3. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE   
 Earnings per common share are calculated as follows:      
           Stock options representing shares of 96,600 and 185,250 were not included in
the computation of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. All stock options were included in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015
computation. No contingently issuable shares were estimated to be awarded under the 2015 total shareholder return plan as the stock performance targets were not met for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 On September 9, 2016, WesBanco issued 5,423,348 shares of common stock (109,257 of which shares were treasury stock) to complete its
acquisition of YCB. These shares are included in average shares outstanding beginning on that date. For additional information relating to the YCB acquisition, refer to Note 2,  Mergers and Acquisitions.   
      9  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 4. SECURITIES   
 The following table presents the fair value and amortized cost of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities:  
   
   Trading securities, which consist of investments in various mutual funds held in grantor trusts formed in
connection with a deferred compensation plan, are recorded at fair value and totaled $7.1 million and $6.5 million, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, there were no holdings of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, in an
amount greater than 10% of WesBanco s shareholders  equity.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the fair value of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities
by contractual maturity at September 30, 2016. In some instances, the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalty prior to the contractual maturity date.  

(1)  
   Mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage securities, which have prepayment provisions, are not assigned to maturity categories due to fluctuations in their
prepayment speeds.   

(2)   
 Equity securities, which have no stated maturity, are not assigned a maturity category.    

(3)   
 The held-to-maturity portfolio is carried at an amortized cost of $1.0 billion.      Securities
with aggregate fair values of $1.3 billion and $1.0 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged as security for public and trust funds, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Proceeds from the sale of
available-for-sale securities were $277.2 million and $570.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive
income net of tax, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $10.5 million and ($4.2) million, respectively.    The following
table presents the gross realized gains and losses on sales and calls of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gains and losses due to fair value
fluctuations on trading securities are included in non-interest income under other income.      

Table of Contents  

  The following tables provide information on unrealized losses on investment securities that have
been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and twelve months or more as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Unrealized losses on debt securities in the tables represent temporary fluctuations resulting from changes in
market rates in relation to fixed yields. Unrealized losses in the available-for-sale portfolio are accounted for as an adjustment, net of taxes, to other comprehensive income in shareholders  equity.  
 WesBanco does not believe the securities presented above are impaired due to reasons of credit quality, as substantially all debt securities
are rated above investment grade and all are paying principal and interest according to their contractual terms. WesBanco does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that it will be required to sell, loss position securities prior to
recovery of their cost, and therefore, management believes the unrealized losses detailed above are temporary and no impairment loss relating to these securities has been recognized.  
 Securities that do not have readily determinable fair values and for which WesBanco does not exercise significant influence are carried at
cost. Cost method investments consist primarily of FHLB of Pittsburgh stock totaling $46.4 million and $45.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost
method investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances suggest that their carrying value may not be recoverable.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 5. LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES   
 The recorded investment in loans is presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets net of deferred loan fees and costs and discounts on purchased
loans. The deferred loan fees and costs were $0.5 million and $1.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The discounts on purchased loans from acquisitions was $25.8 million, including $12.1 million related to YCB, and
$15.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      
   The following tables summarize changes in the allowance for credit losses applicable to each category of the
loan portfolio:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the allowance for credit losses and recorded investments in loans by
category:      

(1)   
 Commercial loans greater than $1 million that are reported as non-accrual or as a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) are individually evaluated for impairment.    
 WesBanco maintains an internal loan grading system to reflect the credit quality of commercial loans. Commercial loan risk grades are
determined based on an evaluation of the relevant characteristics of each loan, assigned at the inception of each loan and adjusted thereafter at any time to reflect changes in the risk profile throughout the life of each loan. The primary factors
used to determine the risk grade are the reliability and sustainability of the primary source of repayment and overall financial strength of the borrower. This includes an analysis of cash flow available to repay debt, profitability, liquidity,
leverage, and overall financial trends. Other factors include management, industry or property type risks, an assessment of secondary sources of repayment such as collateral or guarantees, other terms and conditions of the loan that may increase or
reduce its risk, and economic conditions and other external factors that may influence repayment capacity and financial condition. 
         Commercial real estate   land and construction consists of loans to finance investments in vacant land,
land development, construction of residential housing, and construction of commercial buildings. Commercial real estate   improved property consists of loans for the purchase or refinance of all types of improved owner-occupied and investment
properties. Factors that are considered in assigning the risk grade vary depending on the type of property financed. The risk grade assigned to construction and development loans is based on the overall viability of the project, the experience and
financial capacity of the developer or builder to successfully complete the project, project specific and market absorption rates and comparable property values, and the amount of pre-sales for residential housing construction or pre-leases for
commercial investment property. The risk grade assigned to commercial investment property loans is based primarily on the adequacy of net rental income generated by the property to service the debt, the type, quality, industry and mix of tenants,
and the terms of leases, but also considers the overall financial capacity of the investors and their experience in owning and managing investment property. The risk grade assigned to owner-occupied commercial real estate and commercial and
industrial loans is based primarily on historical and projected earnings, the adequacy of operating cash flow to service all of the business  debt, and the capital resources, liquidity and leverage of the business, but also considers the
industry in which the business operates, the business  specific competitive advantages or disadvantages, the quality and experience of management, and external influences on the business such as economic conditions. Other factors that are
considered for commercial and industrial loans include the type, quality and marketability of non-real estate collateral and whether the structure of the loan increases or reduces its risk. The type, age, condition, location and any environmental
risks associated with a property are also considered for all types of commercial real estate. The overall financial condition and repayment capacity of any guarantors is also evaluated to determine the extent to which they mitigate other risks of
the loan. The following paragraphs provide descriptions of risk grades that are applicable to commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans.  
 Pass loans are those that exhibit a history of positive financial results that are at least comparable to the average for their industry or
type of real estate. The primary source of repayment is acceptable and these loans are expected to perform satisfactorily during most economic cycles. Pass loans typically have no significant external factors that are expected to adversely affect
these borrowers more than others in the same industry or property type. Any minor unfavorable characteristics of these loans are outweighed or mitigated by other positive factors including but not limited to adequate secondary or tertiary sources of
repayment.    Criticized or compromised loans are currently protected but have weaknesses, which, if not corrected, may be inadequately
protected at some future date. These loans represent an unwarranted credit risk and would generally not be extended in the normal course of lending. Specific issues which may warrant this grade include declining financial results, increased reliance
on secondary sources of repayment or guarantor support and adverse external influences that may negatively impact the business or property.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  Substandard and doubtful loans are equivalent to the classifications used by banking regulators.
Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current repayment capacity and equity of the borrower or collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans have one or more well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize their repayment or collection in
full. These loans may or may not be reported as non-accrual. Doubtful loans have all the weaknesses inherent to a substandard loan with the added characteristic that full repayment is highly questionable or improbable on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions and collateral values. However, recognition of loss may be deferred if there are reasonably specific pending factors that will reduce the risk if they occur.  
 The following tables summarize commercial loans by their assigned risk grade:  
   
   Residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans are not assigned internal risk grades other than as
required by regulatory guidelines that are based primarily on the age of past due loans. WesBanco primarily evaluates the credit quality of residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans based on repayment performance and historical loss
rates. The aggregate amount of residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans classified as substandard in accordance with regulatory guidelines were $19.1 million at September 30, 2016 and $15.8 million at December 31, 2015, of which $2.9
and $3.1 million were accruing, for each period, respectively. The aggregate amount of residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans classified as substandard are not included in the tables above.  
  Acquired YCB Loans    In conjunction with the YCB acquisition, WesBanco acquired loans with a book value of $1,027.2 million. These
loans were recorded at their fair value of $1,015.1 million, with $1,008.0 million categorized as ASC 310-20 loans. The fair market value adjustment on these loans of $8.1 million at acquisition date is expected to be recognized into interest income
on a level yield basis over the remaining expected life of the loans.   Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality with a book value of
$11.1 million and contractually required payments of $13.3 million were recorded at their estimated fair value of $7.1 million, of which $2.7 million were accounted for under the cost recovery method in accordance with ASC 310-30 as cash flows
cannot be reasonably estimated, and categorized as non-accrual. The accretable yield on the acquired impaired loans was estimated at $0.7 million, while the non-accretable difference is estimated at $5.5 million. 
 The carrying amount of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at September 30, 2016 was $6.5 million, while the outstanding customer
balance was $10.5 million. At September 30, 2016 no allowance for loan losses has been recognized related to the acquired impaired loans.  
  Acquired ESB Loans    Carrying amount of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 were $7.4 million and $9.3 million, respectively. At September 30, 2016, the accretable yield was $1.2 million. At September 30, 2016 an allowance for loan loss of $0.2 million has been recognized related to the acquired impaired loans, as the
estimates for future cash flows on these loans have been negatively impacted. At December 31, 2015 no allowance for loan losses has been recognized related to the acquired impaired loans.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides changes in accretable yield for loans acquired with deteriorated
credit quality:      
   The following tables summarize the age analysis of all categories of loans:  

(1)  
   Loans 90 days or more past due and accruing interest exclude TDRs 90 days or more past due and accruing interest.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables summarize impaired loans:  

(1)   
 The difference between the unpaid principal balance and the recorded investment generally reflects amounts that have been previously charged-off and fair market value adjustments on acquired impaired loans.

17  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the recorded investment in non-accrual loans and TDRs:  

(1)  
   At September 30, 2016, there were two borrowers with loans greater than $1.0 million and three at December 31, 2015. Total non-accrual loans include loans that
are also restructured. Such loans are also set forth in the following table as non-accrual TDRs.    

(2)  
   At September 30, 2016, non-accrual loans include $2.7 million of loans acquired from YCB with deteriorated credit quality.    
   
   As of September 30, 2016, there were no TDRs greater than $1.0 million. The concessions granted in the
majority of loans reported as accruing and non-accrual TDRs are extensions of the maturity date or the amortization period, reductions in the interest rate below the prevailing market rate for loans with comparable characteristics, and/or permitting
interest-only payments for longer than three months. WesBanco had no unfunded commitments to debtors whose loans were classified as impaired as of September 30, 2016 and $0.2 million as of December 31, 2015.  
 The following tables present details related to loans identified as TDRs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively:      

(1)   
 Excludes loans that were either paid off or charged-off by period end. The pre-modification balance represents the balance outstanding at the beginning of the period. The post-modification balance represents the
outstanding balance at period end.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Excludes loans that were either paid off or charged-off by period end. The pre-modification balance represents the balance outstanding at the beginning of the period. The post-modification balance represents the
outstanding balance at period end.      The following table summarizes TDRs which defaulted (defined as past due 90 days) during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, that were restructured within the last twelve months prior to September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:      

Defaulted TDRs  (1)    

For the Nine Months Ended  

September 30, 2016  

September 30, 2015  

Number of  

Recorded  

Number of  

Recorded  

(unaudited, dollars in thousands)    
    
  Defaults  

Investment  

Defaults  

Investment  

Commercial real estate:  

Land and construction  

$  

$ 

Improved property  

Total commercial real estate  

Commercial and industrial  

1  

40  

Residential real estate  

Home equity  

1 

42 

Consumer  

1 

20 

Total  

1  

$  
  40  

2 

$ 
 62 

(1)  
   Excludes loans that were either charged-off or cured by period end. The recorded investment is as of September, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    
 TDRs that default are placed on non-accrual status unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. None of the loans in
the table above were accruing interest.    The following table summarizes other real estate owned and repossessed assets included in other
assets:      
   At September 30, 2016, other real estate owned includes $3.0 million from the YCB acquisition. Residential
real estate included in other real estate owned at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $2.5 million and $2.0 million, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, formal foreclosure proceedings were in process on residential
real estate loans totaling $5.4 million and $4.1 million, respectively.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 6. PENSION PLAN   
 The following table presents the net periodic pension cost for WesBanco s Defined Benefit Pension Plan (the  Plan ) and the
related components:      
   The Plan covers all employees of WesBanco and its subsidiaries who were hired on or before August 1, 2007 who
satisfy minimum age and length of service requirements, and is not available to employees hired after such date.    A minimum required
contribution of $0.6 million is due for 2016 which could be all or partially offset by the Plan s $39.1 million available credit balance. A voluntary contribution of $3.8 million was made in June 2016.  
 On September 9, 2016, WesBanco assumed YCB s obligation for a predecessor bank s participation in the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan
for Financial Institutions ( Pentegra Plan ). The participating employer plan has been frozen to new participants since 2002. WesBanco intends to spin off the assets from the Pentegra Plan during the fourth quarter of 2016, contributing
approximately $3.3 million to satisfy the estimated final costs to do so. This estimated spin off will have no impact on earnings as the liability was included in YCB s balance sheet as of the acquisition date. The distributed assets from the
Pentegra Plan will be transferred to a plan providing substantially the same benefits to participants.    WesBanco also assumed YCB s
single employer pension plan that was amended in 1997 such that there could be no new participants or increases to existing participants. The net periodic pension cost was less than $10 thousand as of September 30, 2016.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   
 Fair value estimates are based on quoted market prices, if available, quoted market prices of similar assets or liabilities, or the present
value of expected future cash flows and other valuation techniques. These valuations are significantly affected by discount rates, cash flow assumptions, and risk assumptions used. Therefore, fair value estimates may not be substantiated by
comparison to independent markets and are not intended to reflect the proceeds that may be realizable in an immediate settlement of the instruments.  
 Fair value is determined at one point in time and is not representative of future value. These amounts do not reflect the total value of a
going concern organization. Management does not have the intention to dispose of a significant portion of its assets and liabilities and therefore, the unrealized gains or losses should not be interpreted as a forecast of future earnings and cash
flows.    The following is a discussion of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and valuation techniques
applied:      Investment securities:   The fair value of investment securities which are measured on a recurring basis are
determined primarily by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges or matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for
the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other similar securities. These securities are classified within level 1 or 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Certain equity securities that are lightly traded in
over-the-counter markets are classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, as quoted market prices may not be available on the fair value measurement date. Positions that are not traded in active markets for which valuations are generated using
assumptions not observable in the market or management s best estimate are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. This includes certain specific municipal debt issues for which the credit quality and discount rate must be
estimated.     Derivatives:   WesBanco enters into interest rate swap agreements with qualifying commercial customers to meet
their financing, interest rate and other risk management needs. These agreements provide the customer the ability to convert from variable to fixed interest rates. The credit risk associated with derivative executed with customers is
essentially the same as that involved in extending loans and is subject to normal credit policies and monitoring. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting interest rate swaps that WesBanco executes with derivative
counterparties in order to offset its exposure on the fixed components of the customer interest rate swap agreements. The interest rate swap agreement with the loan customer and with the counterparty is reported at fair value in other assets
and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet with any resulting gain or loss recorded in current period earnings as other income and other expense.  
 WesBanco determines the fair value for derivatives using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the
expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity and uses observable market based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. WesBanco
incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own non-performance risk and the respective counterparty s non-performance risk in the fair value measurements. 
 We may be required from time to time to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with
GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets and liabilities.  
   Impaired loans:   Impaired loans are carried at the lower of cost or the fair value of the collateral for
collateral-dependent loans. Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. The use of independent appraisals, discounted cash flow models and management s best judgment
are significant inputs in arriving at the fair value measure of the underlying collateral and impaired loans are therefore classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
   Other real estate owned and repossessed assets:   Other real estate owned and repossessed assets are carried at the lower of
the investment in the assets or the fair value of the assets less estimated selling costs. The use of independent appraisals and management s best judgment are significant inputs in arriving at the fair value measure of the underlying
collateral, and therefore other real estate owned and repossessed assets are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
   Loans held for sale:   Loans held for sale are carried, in aggregate, at the lower of cost or fair value. The use of a
valuation model using quoted prices of similar instruments are significant inputs in arriving at the fair value and therefore loans held for sale are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its
equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table below are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of
financial position. The following tables set forth WesBanco s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

WesBanco s policy is to recognize transfers between levels as of the actual date of the event or change
in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers between level 1, 2 or 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis and for which WesBanco has utilized level 3 inputs to determine fair value:      

(1)  
   Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level 3 inputs which are not
identifiable.    

(2)   
 Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range and weighted average of appraisal adjustments and liquidation expenses are
presented as a percent of the appraisal.   

(3)   
 Includes estimated liquidation expenses and numerous dissimilar qualitative adjustments by management which are not identifiable.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The estimated fair values of WesBanco s financial instruments are summarized below:  

The following methods and assumptions were used to measure the fair value of financial instruments recorded at
cost on WesBanco s consolidated balance sheets:     Cash and due from banks:    The carrying amount for cash and due
from banks is a reasonable estimate of fair value.     Securities held-to-maturity:    Fair values for securities
held-to-maturity are determined in the same manner as the investment securities which are described above.     Net
loans:    Fair values for loans are estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology. The discount rates take into account interest rates currently being offered to customers for loans with similar terms, the credit risk associated
with the loan and other market factors, including liquidity.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

WesBanco believes the discount rates are consistent with transactions occurring in the marketplace for both performing and distressed loan types. The carrying value is net of the allowance for
loan losses and other associated premiums and discounts. Due to the significant judgment involved in evaluating credit quality, loans are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  Accrued interest receivable:    The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value .   
  Deposits:    The carrying amount is considered a reasonable estimate of fair value for demand, savings and other variable rate
deposit accounts. The fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated by a discounted cash flow method using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  
  Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings:    The fair value of FHLB borrowings is based on rates currently available to WesBanco for
borrowings with similar terms and remaining maturities.     Other borrowings:    The carrying amount of federal funds
purchased and overnight sweep accounts generally approximate fair value. Other repurchase agreements are based on quoted market prices if available. If market prices are not available, for certain fixed and adjustable rate repurchase agreements,
then quoted market prices of similar instruments are used.     Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt:    The fair
value of subordinated debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. Due to the pooled nature of junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary
trusts, which are not actively traded, estimated fair value is based on recent similar transactions of single-issuer trust preferred securities.  
  Accrued interest payable:    The carrying amount of accrued interest payable approximates its fair value.  
  Off-balance sheet financial instruments:    Off-balance sheet financial instruments consist of commitments to extend credit,
including letters of credit. Fair values for commitments to extend credit are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit standing of
the counterparties. The estimated fair value of the commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are insignificant and therefore are not presented in the above tables.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 8. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 The activity in accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

(1)   
 All amounts are net of tax. Related income tax expense or benefit is calculated using a combined Federal and State income tax rate approximating 37%.    
 The following table provides details about amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(1)  
   For additional detail related to unrealized gains on securities and related amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income see Note 4,
 Securities.     

(2)  
   Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 6,  Pension Plan  for additional detail.    
      27  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES   
  Commitments    In the normal course of business, WesBanco offers off-balance sheet credit arrangements to enable its customers to
meet their financing objectives. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the financial statements. WesBanco s exposure to credit losses in the event of
non-performance by the other parties to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is limited to the contractual amount of those instruments. WesBanco uses the same credit policies in making commitments
and conditional obligations as for all other lending. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the
total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The allowance for credit losses associated with commitments was $0.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included in other liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by banks to guarantee the performance of a customer to
a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including normal business activities, bond financing and similar transactions. Letters of credit are considered guarantees. The liability
associated with letters of credit was $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    Contingent obligations to purchase
loans funded by other entities include affordable housing plan guarantees, credit card guarantees and mortgages sold into the secondary market with recourse. Affordable housing plan guarantees are performance guarantees for various building project
loans. The guarantee amortizes as the loan balances decrease. Credit card guarantees are credit card balances not owned by WesBanco, whereby the Bank guarantees the performance of the cardholder. Certain mortgages sold with recourse obligate
WesBanco to repurchase mortgages sold if the borrower exceeds certain delinquency metrics within the first year.    The following table
presents total commitments to extend credit, guarantees and various letters of credit outstanding:      
    Contingent Liabilities    WesBanco is a party to various legal and administrative proceedings and
claims. While any litigation contains an element of uncertainty, management does not believe that a material loss related to such proceedings or claims pending or known to be threatened is reasonably possible.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 10. BUSINESS SEGMENTS   
 WesBanco operates two reportable segments: community banking and trust and investment services. WesBanco s community banking segment
offers services traditionally offered by full-service commercial banks, including commercial demand, individual demand and time deposit accounts, as well as commercial, mortgage and individual installment loans, and certain non-traditional
offerings, such as insurance and securities brokerage services. The trust and investment services segment offers trust services as well as various alternative investment products including mutual funds. The market value of assets managed or held in
custody by the trust and investment services segment was approximately $3.7 billion at September 30, 2016 and 2015. These assets are held by WesBanco in fiduciary or agency capacities for their customers and therefore are not included as assets
on WesBanco s Consolidated Balance Sheets.   Condensed financial information by business segment is presented below:  
   
   Total non-fiduciary assets of the trust and investment services segment were $3.1 million and $3.6 million at
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. All other assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, were allocated to the community banking segment.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) represents an overview of the results of
operations and financial condition of WesBanco for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.  
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Forward-looking statements in this report relating to WesBanco s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of
resources, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The information contained in this report should be read in conjunction with WesBanco s Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and documents subsequently filed by WesBanco with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including WesBanco s Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31 and June 30, 2016, which are available
at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov or at WesBanco s website, www.wesbanco.com. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements, which are not historical fact, involve risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in
WesBanco s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A. Such statements are subject to important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements, including, without limitation, that the businesses of WesBanco and YCB may not be integrated successfully or such integration may take longer to accomplish than expected; the expected cost savings and any revenue
synergies from the merger of WesBanco and YCB may not be fully realized within the expected timeframes; disruption from the merger of WesBanco and YCB may make it more difficult to maintain relationships with clients, associates, or suppliers; the
effects of changing regional and national economic conditions; changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and associated interest rate sensitivity; sources of liquidity available to WesBanco and its
related subsidiary operations; potential future credit losses and the credit risk of commercial, real estate, and consumer loan customers and their borrowing activities; actions of the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the SEC, the Financial Institution Regulatory Authority, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the Securities Investors Protection Corporation, and other regulatory bodies; potential legislative and federal and state regulatory
actions and reform, including, without limitation, the impact of the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act; adverse decisions of federal and state courts; fraud, scams and schemes of third parties; internet hacking; competitive conditions in the
financial services industry; rapidly changing technology affecting financial services; marketability of debt instruments and corresponding impact on fair value adjustments; and/or other external developments materially impacting WesBanco s
operational and financial performance. WesBanco does not assume any duty to update forward-looking statements.     OVERVIEW   
 WesBanco is a multi-state bank holding company operating through 174 branches and 163 ATM machines in West Virginia, Ohio, western
Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and southern Indiana, offering retail banking, corporate banking, personal and corporate trust services, brokerage services, mortgage banking and insurance. WesBanco s businesses are significantly impacted by economic
factors such as market interest rates, federal monetary and regulatory policies, local and regional economic conditions and the competitive environment s effect upon WesBanco s business volumes. WesBanco s deposit levels are affected
by numerous factors including personal savings rates, personal income, and competitive rates on alternative investments, as well as competition from other financial institutions within the markets we serve and liquidity needs of WesBanco. Loan
levels are also subject to various factors including construction demand, business financing needs, consumer spending and interest rates, as well as loan terms offered by competing lenders.  
 On September 9, 2016, WesBanco completed the acquisition of YCB, a bank holding company headquartered in New Albany, Indiana with
approximately $1.5 billion in assets, excluding goodwill, with $1.2 billion in total deposits and $1.0 billion in total loans, and 34 branches in Kentucky and southern Indiana. WesBanco now has approximately $9.8 billion in total assets, $7.1
billion in total deposits, and $6.2 billion in total loans operating in five contiguous states. YCB s results were included in WesBanco s results from the date of merger consummation. WesBanco s results also include ESB Financial
Corporation s ( ESB ) results from February 10, 2015, the date of the consummation of that merger.     APPLICATION OF CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES     WesBanco s critical accounting policies involving the significant judgments and assumptions
used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 have remained unchanged from the disclosures presented in WesBanco s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 within the
section  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      30  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  EARNINGS SUMMARY     Net income for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $62.4 million or $1.61 per diluted share compared to $57.8 million or $1.55 per diluted share for the first nine months of 2015. Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $17.4
million, while diluted earnings per share were $0.44, compared to $22.2 million or $0.58 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2015. Excluding after-tax merger-related expenses (non-GAAP measure) for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, net income increased 6.7% to $69.3 million compared to $64.9 million for 2015, while diluted earnings per share totaled $1.79, compared to $1.75 per share for 2015. Excluding after-tax merger-related expenses (non-GAAP measure), net income for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $23.9 million, while diluted earnings per share were $0.60, compared to $22.4 million or $0.58 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2015.  

(1)  
   Non-GAAP net income excludes after-tax merger-related expenses. The above non-GAAP financial measures used by WesBanco provide information useful to investors in
understanding WesBanco s operating performance and trends, and facilitate comparisons with the performance of WesBanco s peers.    
 Net interest income increased $1.4 million or 2.3% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter of 2015 due to a 10.2% increase
in average loan balances resulting in a 3.8% increase in average earning assets, partially offset by a 4 basis point decrease in the net interest margin. For the first nine months of 2016, net interest income increased $5.3 million or 3.0% from the
acquisitions and from annualized organic loan growth of approximately 4.2%, reduced by a 14 basis point decline in the net interest margin. The net interest margin decreased to 3.32% in the third quarter, compared to 3.36% in same quarter of 2015,
but increased two basis points from the second quarter of 2016 s 3.30%. The year-over-year decrease in the quarter s net interest margin is primarily due to a 9 basis point decrease for total loans due to repricing of existing loans at
lower spreads, competitive pricing on new loans and the extended low interest rate environment. Mitigating this reduction is the aforementioned loan growth, which improves overall asset yields as average loan rates are generally higher than
securities rates. Funding costs increased 11 basis points in the third quarter compared to the same quarter in 2015, primarily due to an increase in the percentage of total FHLB borrowings to 16.4% of interest bearing liabilities from 12.7% in 2015,
as well as a 34 basis point increase in the average rate on these borrowings year-over-year. Average deposits in the third quarter decreased by 3.5%, primarily due to the runoff of CDs. During the last few quarters, the net interest margin has been
relatively stable, ranging from 3.29% to 3.32% and the re-mix in average earning assets has continued as securities as a percentage of total assets have been reduced from 29.8% at September 30, 2015 to 24.0% at September 30, 2016, while
loans have increased as a percentage of total assets to 63.6%. Year-to-date, the decline in the margin of 14 basis points resulted from the same factors affecting the third quarter. Loan growth has assisted in maintaining the net interest margin at
its present level despite lower loan yields and overall spread compression.    The provision for credit losses increased to $2.2 million in
the third quarter of 2016, compared to $1.8 million in the third quarter of 2015, while year-to-date the provision increased to $6.4 million from $5.8 million in the same period of 2015. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average portfolio loans of
0.20% in the third quarter of 2016 decreased from 0.30% in the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of 2016, net charge-offs as a percentage of average portfolio loans of 0.14% decreased from 0.24% in the same 2015 period.  
 For the third quarter of 2016, non-interest income increased $2.8 million or 15.6% compared to the 2015 third quarter. Trust fees increased
$0.3 million or 5.6% compared to the third quarter of last year from increased total assets under management, higher estate fees and market improvements. Service charges on deposits increased $0.3 million or 7.0% through a larger customer deposit
base from the addition of YCB. Net securities gains increased $0.6 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to realized gains resulting from the sale of mortgage-backed securities in the quarter. Net
securities brokerage revenue decreased $0.5 million or 26.2% from staff restructuring and an emphasis on deposit retention. Other income increased $1.9 million in the third quarter due to $1.3 million of commercial customer loan swap fee income and
improvement in various other income categories including mortgage banking gains. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, non-interest income increased $5.6 million or 10.2%, reflecting similar trends as in the third quarter, while trust
fees decreased 3.0% due to lower total assets under management and lower estate fees earlier in the year, electronic banking fees increased 5.8% and net gain on sales of mortgage loans increased 40.2%.  
 The following paragraph on non-interest expense excludes merger-related expenses in both years of $9.9 million and $0.2 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $10.6 million and $11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Non-interest expense in the third quarter of 2016 grew $0.9 million or 2.0%,
compared to the same quarter in 2015. For the first nine months, non-interest expense increased $3.7 million or 2.7%. For the third quarter, salaries and wages increased $1.4 million or 7.0% due to increased compensation expense related to an 18.3%
increase in full-time equivalent employees, primarily in the third quarter of 2016 from the YCB acquisition, and routine annual adjustments to compensation. Employee benefits expense increased $0.2 million, primarily from increased deferred
compensation expense. Marketing expense decreased $0.2 million as WesBanco focused on preparing for the introduction of YCB customers to our organization. The increase in non-interest expense for the first nine months of 2016 reflects similar trends
as in the third quarter.    The provision for federal and state income taxes was $22.6 million in 2016 compared to $20.3 million in the
first nine months of 2015. The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to a $7.0 million increase in pre-tax income and a $0.5 million benefit in 2015 relating to the  
      31  

Table of Contents  

completion of an IRS audit which closed the 2011 and 2012 tax years. These factors combined to produce a higher effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2016 compared to 26.0% in the first nine months of
2015. The provision for federal and state income taxes decreased $2.0 million to $5.8 million for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $7.8 million for the third quarter 2015 due primarily to merger-related expenses incurred in the third quarter
of 2016.     NET INTEREST INCOME      TABLE 1. NET
INTEREST INCOME       
   Net interest income, which is WesBanco s largest source of revenue, is the difference between interest
income on earning assets, primarily loans and securities, and interest expense on liabilities (deposits and short and long-term borrowings). Net interest income is affected by the general level and changes in interest rates, the steepness and shape
of the yield curve, changes in the amount and composition of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, as well as the frequency of repricing of existing assets and liabilities. Net interest income increased $1.4 million or 2.3% in
the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter of 2015, due to a 10.2% increase in average earning assets, partially offset by a 4 basis point decrease in the net interest margin. For the first nine months of 2016, net interest income
increased $5.3 million or 3.0%, from the acquisitions and from annualized average organic loan growth of approximately 4.2%, reduced by a 14 basis point decline in the net interest margin. Total average deposits decreased in the third quarter by
$34.1 million or 0.5%, compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to the runoff of certificates of deposit of $281.6 million, which have the highest interest cost among interest bearing deposits. Partially offsetting the decrease in
certificates of deposit was an increase in lower-cost and non-interest bearing deposits of $247.5 million, which were the result of the acquisition, marketing campaigns, customer incentives, wealth management and business initiatives as well as
deposits from Marcellus and Utica shale gas bonus and royalty payments. The net interest margin decreased to 3.32% in the third quarter of 2016 from 3.36% in the same quarter of 2015, but increased 2 basis points from 3.30% in the second quarter of
2016. The year-over-year decrease in the quarter s net interest margin is primarily due to a 9 basis point decrease on loan yields due to repricing of existing loans at lower spreads, competitive pricing on new loans and the extended low
interest rate environment. Overall funding costs increased 11 basis points from the third quarter of 2015 due to higher balances and rates on FHLB borrowings, partially offset by the decrease in certificates of deposit.  
 Interest income increased in the third quarter of 2016 by $3.2 million or 4.7% compared to the same period in 2015 due to the higher average
loan balances and higher security yields, partially offset by lower loan yields and lower securities balances. In the first nine months of 2016, interest income increased $11.2 million or 5.8% from the first nine months of 2015 due to higher average
total earning asset balances from the ESB and YCB acquisitions and organic loan growth, offset somewhat by lower yields on loans. The lower loan yields were due to the continued low interest rate environment with a relatively flat yield curve.
However, the increase in average loan balances helped to mitigate the effect of the lower rates, as rates earned on loans are higher than those on securities. In the third quarter of 2016, average loans represented 70.2% of average earning assets,
an increase compared to 66.1% in the same quarter of 2015. Total securities yields increased by 10 basis points in the third quarter of 2016 from the same period in 2015 due to scheduled maturities and select sales of short-term, lower yielding
investment securities in 2016 as well as a higher percentage of average tax-exempt securities to total securities. The average balance of tax-exempt securities, which provide the highest yield within securities, increased 4.3% or $26.9 million over
the last year, and were 29.2% of total average securities in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 25.3% in the third quarter of 2015, which helped to mitigate their 16 basis point decline in yield. While the yield on taxable securities increased by
9 basis points from the third quarter of 2015, taxable securities balances decreased by $264.4 million or 14.3% from the third quarter of 2015 due to maturities, calls, sales and paydowns that were not fully replaced due to management s focus
on maintaining the size of the balance sheet in order to delay the financial impact of crossing $10 billion in assets through acquisitions.  
 Portfolio loans increased $1.3 billion or 26.0% in the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 with $1.0 billion from the YCB acquisition
and $273.0 million, or 5.5% from organic loan growth. Organic loan growth was achieved through $1.4 billion in loan originations in the first nine months of 2016, with total business loan originations up approximately 14.0%. Organic loan growth was
driven by expanded market areas and additional commercial personnel in our core markets.    Interest expense increased $1.7 million or 27.5%
in the third quarter of 2016 and $6.0 million or 33.7% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015, both due to increases in the average balance and rate paid on FHLB borrowings. The increases in rate from the FHLB
borrowings, due to a shift in term length from short to medium, were offset partially in the third quarter by the decreases in higher cost CDs. Average FHLB borrowings increased in the third quarter of 2016 to manage normal liquidity needs including
the funding of CD runoff and loan growth. The increased FHLB borrowings resulted in an overall increase in total average interest bearing liabilities of $85.3 million or 1.4% as the average rate on FHLB borrowings increased 34 basis points in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. In the third quarter  
      32  

Table of Contents  

of 2016, FHLB borrowings were 16.4% of interest bearing liabilities as compared to 12.7% in 2015. Helping to somewhat offset the increase in average FHLB borrowings, the average balance of CDs
decreased $281.6 million from the third quarter of 2015 from WesBanco s planned funding strategy intentionally allowing the runoff of certain higher cost or single service CDs and CDARS   
balances. The 10 basis point increase in the cost of CDs in the third quarter of 2016 is partially due to lower accretion from purchase accounting adjustments on prior acquisitions. In addition, non-interest bearing demand deposits increased to
22.9% of total average deposits in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 20.5% in the same period of 2015, further helping to partially offset the increase in interest bearing liabilities.  
  TABLE 2. AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS       

(2) 
 Average yields on securities are calculated based on amortized cost and include premium amortization and discount accretion from prior acquisitions.    

(3) 
 Taxable equivalent basis is calculated on tax-exempt securities using a tax rate of 35% for each year presented.    

(4) 
 Interest income on other earning assets includes $0.6 million from a special dividend from FHLB Pittsburgh for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    
      33  

Table of Contents  

   TABLE 3. RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST INCOME AND INTEREST EXPENSE   

(1) 
 Taxable equivalent basis is calculated on tax-exempt securities using a tax rate of 35% for each year presented.    
  PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES     The
provision for credit losses is the amount to be added to the allowance for credit losses after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the allowance to a level considered appropriate to absorb probable losses in the loan portfolio. The provision
for credit losses also includes the amount to be added to the reserve for loan commitments to bring that reserve to a level considered appropriate to absorb probable losses on unfunded commitments. While the provision for credit losses increased
primarily due to loan growth, credit metrics continued to improve. The provision for credit losses increased to $2.2 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $1.8 million in the third quarter of 2015, while year-to-date the provision
increased to $6.4 million from $5.8 million in the same period of 2015. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average portfolio loans of 0.20% in the third quarter of 2016 decreased from 0.30% in the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of
2016, net charge-offs as a percentage of average portfolio loans of 0.14% decreased from 0.24% in the same 2015 period. Net charge-offs for the three and nine months of 2016 include $1.8 million and $2.3 million related to one large commercial loan,
respectively, with a remaining balance of $1.3 million at September 30, 2016. Non-performing loans (including TDRs), criticized and classified loans and past due loans all improved as a percentage of total portfolio loans from the third quarter
of 2015. (Please see the Allowance for Credit Losses section of this MD A for additional discussion).  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   NON-INTEREST INCOME   
  TABLE 4. NON-INTEREST INCOME       
   Non-interest income is a significant source of revenue and an important part of WesBanco s results of
operations. WesBanco offers its customers a wide range of retail, commercial, investment and electronic banking services, which are viewed as a vital component of WesBanco s ability to attract and maintain customers, as well as providing
additional fee income beyond normal spread-related income to WesBanco. For the third quarter of 2016, non-interest income increased $2.8 million or 15.6% compared to the 2015 third quarter. The increase was primarily due to $1.2 million of
commercial loan swap fee income and $0.6 million of net securities gains, coupled with increases in various other income categories, while securities brokerage revenue decreased $0.5 million compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, non-interest income increased $5.6 million or 10.2%, generally reflecting similar trends as in the third quarter.  
 Trust fees increased $0.3 million or 5.6% compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to market improvements and customer and revenue
development initiatives while trust fees decreased $0.5 million or 3.0% compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to first quarter market declines which reduced fee income early in the year. Total trust assets were relatively unchanged from
September 30, 2015 at $3.7 billion. At September 30, 2016, trust assets include managed assets of $3.0 billion and non-managed (custodial) assets of $0.7 billion. Assets managed for the WesMark Funds, a proprietary group of mutual funds
that is advised by WesBanco Trust and Investment Services, were $898.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $896.7 million at September 30, 2015 and are included in trust managed assets.  
 Service charges on deposits increased $0.5 million or 4.2% compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to the larger customer deposit base
from the ESB and YCB acquisitions and adjustments to the fee schedule in the second half of last year. For the third quarter of 2016, service charges on deposits increased 7.0% over the prior year primarily due to the larger customer deposit base
from the YCB acquisition.    Electronic banking fees, which include debit card interchange fees, continued to grow, increasing $0.6 million
or 5.8% compared to the first nine months of 2015, due to a higher volume of debit card transactions from the ESB and YCB acquisitions and WesBanco s legacy customers. The volume increase in our legacy markets is due to marketing and process
initiatives as well as a higher percentage of customers using these products.    Net securities brokerage revenue decreased $0.8 million
from the first nine months of 2015 due to staff restructuring, deposit retention strategies, and lower Marcellus and Utica gas lease and royalty payments in the region. Additional market coverage in the expanded western Pennsylvania market from the
ESB acquisition as well as the new YCB markets in Kentucky and southern Indiana should provide additional growth opportunities in the future as well.  
 Bank-owned life insurance decreased by $0.4 million compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to death claims in the first
quarter of 2015.    Net gains on sales of mortgage loans increased $0.6 million or 40.2% compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to
increased production volumes as well as an increase in the margin earned on loans sold. Mortgages sold into the secondary market represented $116.0 million or 41.1% of overall mortgage loan production in the first nine months of 2016 compared to
$99.9 million or 42.7% in the same 2015 period.    Other income increased $3.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $2.2 million of
commercial loan swap fee income which has increased from new lender incentives implemented in the spring of 2016 as well as the desire of customers to lock in longer term fixed rate financing in the low interest rate environment. Other income also
increased from market adjustments on trading securities related to deferred compensation plans.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   NON-INTEREST EXPENSE   
  TABLE 5. NON-INTEREST EXPENSE       
   Non-interest expense in the third quarter of 2016 grew $10.6 million compared to the same quarter in 2015,
principally from the YCB acquisition, which added $9.9 million of merger-related expenses in the quarter. Excluding merger-related expenses, non-interest expense increased $0.9 million or 2.0%. Due to the timing of the YCB acquisition, late in the
third quarter, normal operating expenses associated with operating the additional 34 branches did not have as significant of an impact to the quarter. For the third quarter, salaries and wages increased $1.4 million or 7.0% due to increased
compensation expense related to routine annual compensation adjustments and an increase in full-time equivalent employees from the acquisition. While net occupancy, franchise tax and consulting expenses increased primarily from the acquisition,
marketing expense decreased $0.2 million as WesBanco focused on preparing for the introduction of YCB customers to our organization. FDIC insurance also decreased due to a new rate calculation which more than offset the increase related to the
acquisition. Even with the acquisition, other expenses including postage, legal, ATM expenses and supplies were down from last year due to efficiencies applied in several back office and support operations. For the first nine months, non-interest
expense, excluding merger-related expenses, increased $3.7 million or 2.7%. The increase in non-interest expense for the first nine months of 2016 reflects similar trends as in the third quarter.  
 Salaries and wages increased $1.4 million or 7.0% from the third quarter of 2015 and $2.7 million or 4.6% over the first nine months of 2015
due to increased compensation expense related to an 18.3% increase in full-time equivalent employees, primarily late in the third quarter of 2016 from the acquisition, and routine annual adjustments to compensation. Employee benefits expense
increased $0.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily from increased deferred compensation expense.    Equipment costs
decreased $0.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2015 but increased $0.7 million compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to continuous improvements in technology and communications infrastructure, and origination and customer support
systems.    FDIC insurance has increased $0.2 million compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to a higher assessment base over those
nine months. FDIC insurance has decreased $0.1 million from the third quarter of 2015, despite a larger balance sheet from the YCB acquisition, due to the Deposit Insurance Fund reaching 1.15% prior to July 1, 2016, thus allowing the FDIC to
institute new favorable assessment rate calculations beginning on that date for banks under $10 billion in size.    Amortization of
intangible assets of $0.8 million in the third quarter included $0.2 million related to the YCB acquisition. The YCB acquisition is expected to add approximately $12.0 million in core deposit intangibles and $0.8 million in non-compete agreements
with former YCB executives covering a three-year term.            Restructuring and merger-related expenses of $10.6
million in 2016 related to the YCB acquisition include $6.3 million from contract termination and conversion costs, $2.0 million from change-in-control payments and employee severance, $1.5 million in investment banking services, $0.6 million in
legal expenses and $0.2 million in valuation services. Additional merger-related expenses approximating $2.5 million are expected to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016. All restructuring and merger-related expenses in 2015 related to the
ESB acquisition.    Other real estate owned and foreclosure expenses increased $0.8 million in 2016 compared to the first nine months of
2015 due to normal foreclosure and liquidation activity, as well as a tax refund on a large other real estate owned commercial property in 2015. Other real estate owned and repossessed assets increased $3.7 million from September 30, 2015 to
$9.8 million as of September 30, 2016 primarily due to the YCB acquisition.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  Other non-interest expense decreased $0.7 from the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to lower
fraud losses, offset somewhat by miscellaneous YCB expenses in the current quarter. For the first nine months, other non-interest expense decreased $1.2 million or 13.3% due to lower fraud losses as well as the elimination of several months of data
servicing fees related to the ESB acquisition prior to the April 24, 2015, system conversion.     INCOME TAXES   
 The provision for federal and state income taxes was $22.6 million in 2016 compared to $20.3 million in the first nine months of 2015. The increase in
income tax expense was primarily due to a $7.0 million increase in pre-tax income and a $0.5 million benefit in 2015 relating to the completion of an IRS audit which closed the 2011 and 2012 tax years. These factors combine to produce a higher
effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2016 compared to 26.0% in the first nine months of 2015. The provision for federal and state income taxes decreased $2.0 million to $5.8 million for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $7.8 million for the third
quarter of 2015 due to merger-related expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2016.     FINANCIAL CONDITION   
 Total assets increased 15.8% during the nine months ended September, 2016, while deposits and shareholders  equity increased 17.6% and
20.1%, respectively, compared to December 31, 2015, primarily due to the acquisition of YCB. Total loans increased $1.2 billion or 23.1% with $1.0 billion from the YCB acquisition and the remaining $168.2 million from WesBanco s
originations outpacing pay-downs, which were a result of expanded market areas and additional commercial and lending personnel in WesBanco s core markets. Deposits increased $1.1 billion, with $1.2 billion from the YCB acquisition. Organic
deposits decreased $124.5 million as a result of a 15.7% decrease in certificates of deposit and a 14.6 % decrease in money market deposits, which was partially offset by increases of 9.7% and 2.0% in demand deposits and savings deposits,
respectively. The decrease in certificates of deposit is a result of lower rate offerings for maturing certificates of deposit and customer preferences for other deposit types. The increase in demand deposits and savings deposits were attributable
to marketing, incentives paid to customers, focused retail and business strategies to obtain more account relationships, and customers  preference for maturities, coupled with initial deposits from bonus and royalty payments for Marcellus and
Utica shale gas payments from energy companies in WesBanco s southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia markets. Total borrowings increased 1.4% during the first nine months of 2016, mostly as a result of $57.2 million
in subordinated debentures and junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts acquired in the YCB acquisition. Total shareholders  equity increased by approximately $225.0 million or 20.1%, compared to December 31, 2015,
primarily due to $177.1 million of common stock issued in the YCB acquisition and net income exceeding dividends for the period by $33.5 million, coupled with a $15.9 million increase in other comprehensive income.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   TABLE 6. COMPOSITION OF SECURITIES (1)   

(1) 
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no holdings of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and certain federal or federally-related agencies, in an amount greater than 10% of
WesBanco s shareholders  equity.    

(2) 
 Weighted average yields have been calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 35%.    
 Total investment securities, which are a source of liquidity for WesBanco as well as a contributor to interest income, decreased by $64.3
million or 2.7% from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The investment securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 includes $173.5 million of securities acquired in the YCB acquisition. Through the first nine months of 2016, the
available-for-sale portfolio decreased by $101.0 million or 7.2%, while the held-to-maturity portfolio increased by $36.2 million or 3.6%. The decrease in the overall portfolio from December 31, 2015 was driven by sales, calls, maturities and
paydowns exceeding both purchases in the first nine months of 2016 and the acquired YCB portfolio. The proceeds were used to fund decreases in both certificates of deposit and FHLB borrowings and to maintain the size of the balance sheet in order to
stay under $10.0 billion in assets following the YCB acquisition. The weighted average yield of the portfolio at September 30, 2016 decreased by only 2 basis points from December 31, 2015 to 2.88% despite bringing on the YCB portfolio at
current market rates. The lower yield of the acquired portfolio was offset somewhat by a greater mix shift during 2016 to tax-exempt securities, which offer the highest yield in the portfolio.  
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $10.5 million and ($4.2) million, respectively. Unrealized gains increased significantly on available-for-sale securities due to a decrease in market rates during the first nine months of 2016.
With approximately 45% of the investment portfolio in the held-to-maturity category, the recent volatility in interest rates does not have as much impact on other comprehensive income as if the entire portfolio were included in the category
available-for-sale.    Trading securities, which consist of investments in various mutual funds held in grantor trusts formed in connection
with a deferred compensation plan, are recorded at fair value. Gains and losses due to fair value fluctuations on trading securities are included in non-interest income under other income, while the corresponding change in the obligation to the
employee is recognized in employee benefits expense.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  WesBanco s municipal portfolio comprises 38.9% of the overall securities portfolio as of
September 30, 2016 as compared to 34.8% as of December 31, 2015, and it carries different risks that are not as prevalent in other security types contained in the portfolio. The following table presents the allocation of the municipal bond
portfolio based on the combined S P and Moody s ratings of the individual bonds (at fair value):     TABLE 7. MUNICIPAL BOND RATINGS   

(1) 
 The highest available rating was used when placing the bond into a category in the table.    
 
 WesBanco s municipal bond portfolio consists of both taxable (primarily Build America Bonds) and tax-exempt general obligation and
revenue bonds. The following table presents additional information regarding the municipal bond type and issuer (at fair value):     TABLE 8. COMPOSITION
OF MUNICIPAL SECURITIES       
   WesBanco s municipal bond portfolio is broadly spread across the United States. The following table
presents the top five states of municipal bond concentration based on total fair value at September 30, 2016:     TABLE 9. CONCENTRATION OF MUNICIPAL
SECURITIES       

(1) 
 WesBanco s municipal bond portfolio contains obligations in the state of West Virginia totaling $26.1 million or 2.8% of the total municipal portfolio.    
    WesBanco uses prices from independent pricing services and, to a
lesser extent, indicative (non-binding) quotes from independent brokers, to measure the fair value of its securities. WesBanco validates prices received from pricing services or brokers using a variety of methods, including, but not limited to,
comparison to secondary pricing services, corroboration of pricing by reference to other independent market data such as secondary broker quotes and relevant benchmark indices, review of pricing by personnel familiar with market liquidity and other
market-related conditions, review of pricing service methodologies, review of independent auditor reports received from the pricing service regarding its internal controls, and through review of inputs and assumptions used in pricing certain
securities thinly traded or with limited observable data points. The procedures in place provide management with a sufficient understanding of the valuation models, assumptions, inputs and pricing to reasonably measure the fair value of
WesBanco s securities. For additional disclosure relating to fair value measurements, refer to Note 7,  Fair Value Measurement  in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

   LOANS AND CREDIT RISK   
 Loans represent WesBanco s single largest balance sheet asset classification and the largest source of interest income. Business purpose
loans consist of commercial real estate ( CRE ) loans and other commercial and industrial ( C I ) loans that are not secured by real estate. CRE loans are further segmented into land and construction loans, and loans for
improved property. Consumer purpose loans consist of residential real estate loans, home equity lines of credit and other consumer loans. Loans held for sale generally consist of residential real estate loans originated for sale in the secondary
market, but at times may also include other types of loans. The outstanding balance of each major category of the loan portfolio is summarized in Table 10.  
     The risk that borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay their obligations and default on loans is inherent in all lending
activities. Credit risk arises from many sources including general economic conditions, external events that impact businesses or industries, isolated events that impact a major employer, individual loss of employment or other personal hardships as
well as changes in interest rates or the value of collateral. Credit risk is also impacted by a concentration of exposure within a geographic market or to one or more borrowers, industries or collateral types. The primary goal in managing credit
risk is to minimize the impact of default by an individual borrower or group of borrowers. Credit risk is managed through the initial underwriting process as well as through ongoing monitoring and administration of the portfolio that varies by the
type of loan. The Bank s credit policies establish standard underwriting guidelines for each type of loan and require an appropriate evaluation of the credit characteristics of each borrower. This evaluation includes the borrower s primary
source of repayment capacity; the adequacy of collateral, if any, to secure the loan; the potential value of personal guarantees as secondary sources of repayment; and other factors unique to each loan that may increase or mitigate its risk. Credit
bureau scores are also considered when evaluating consumer purpose loans as well as guarantors of business purpose loans. However, the Bank does not periodically update credit bureau scores subsequent to when loans are made to determine changes
in credit history.        Credit risk is mitigated for all types of loans by continuously monitoring delinquency levels and
pursuing collection efforts at the earliest stage of delinquency. The Bank also monitors general economic conditions, including employment, housing activity and real estate values in its market. The Bank also periodically evaluates and changes its
underwriting standards when warranted based on market conditions, the historical performance of a category of the portfolio, or other external factors. Credit risk is also regularly evaluated for the impact of adverse economic and other events that
increase the risk of default and the potential loss in the event of default to understand their impact on the Bank s earnings and capital.     TABLE
10. COMPOSITION OF LOANS (1)       

(1) 
 Loans are presented gross of the allowance for loan losses and net of unearned income, credit valuation adjustments, and unamortized net deferred loan fee income and loan origination costs.    
 Total loans increased $1,183.3 million from December 31, 2015 with $1,015.1 million from the YCB acquisition, and $168.2 million from
organic growth. Prior to the consummation of the YCB acquisition, YCB sold approximately $36 million in loans. CRE land and construction and C I loans provided the most significant organic growth, respectively increasing 18.8% and 11.7% for the
year-to-date period, while CRE improved property remained relatively unchanged. Overall organic loan growth was driven by expanded market areas and additional commercial personnel in our core markets with over 70% of the loan growth for the year
achieved in the central and southwest Ohio markets. Residential real estate loans were relatively unchanged despite increased mortgage production due to an increase in loans into the secondary market, while organic growth in home equity lines of
credit increased 7.1%. All other loan categories experienced less significant fluctuations from December 31, 2015.     
 Total loan commitments, including loans approved but not closed, increased $180.5 million or 11.7% from December 2015 due primarily to the YCB
acquisition which added $266.1 million in new commitments. Organic commitments decreased primarily due to draw downs from CRE land and construction and home equity lines of credit that were previously unused.  
 The commercial portfolio is monitored for potential concentrations of credit risk by market, type of lending, CRE property type, C I and
owner-occupied CRE by industry, investment CRE dependence on common tenants and industries or property types that are similarly impacted by external factors.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  The global decline in coal, oil and natural gas prices has had a positive impact on the
commercial portfolio by lowering all borrowers  energy costs, but it also results in a reduction in coal, oil and gas activity that adversely impacts certain industries or property types. At September 30, 2016, total exposure to core
energy industries such as drilling, extraction, pipeline construction, mining equipment, investment real estate with energy-related tenants and other related support activities approximated $42 million or 0.53% of total loan exposure compared to $45
million or 0.69%, at June 30, 2016. Exposure to ancillary industries such as utility distribution and transportation, engineering services, manufacturers and retailers of other heavy equipment used in core energy industries, approximated
an additional $64 million in exposure or 0.80% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $59 million or 1.1% at June 30, 2016. Approximately $32 million or 49.6% of the ancillary exposure is related to the utility distribution
industry, which is generally not impacted by fluctuations in energy prices. The largest exposure to any one borrower in either core energy or ancillary industries was $20.8 million to a company that installs gas line service for new residential
and commercial buildings. Not all borrowers in these categories will be impacted to the same magnitude by a reduction in energy sector activity and some may not be at all dependent on, or may be able to replace revenue associated with this
industry.     NON-PERFORMING ASSETS, IMPAIRED LOANS AND LOANS PAST DUE 90 DAYS OR MORE   
 Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans and TDRs, other real estate acquired through or in lieu of foreclosure, bank premises held
for sale, and repossessed automobiles acquired to satisfy defaulted consumer loans.     TABLE 11. NON-PERFORMING ASSETS   

Non-performing loans, which consist of non-accrual loans and TDRs, decreased $5.7 million or 12.6%, from December 31, 2015 despite a $2.7
million increase from YCB, as cash flows could not be reasonably estimated for a small population of YCB loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality and therefore were accounted for under the cost recovery method. Non-accrual loans decreased
$2.7 million from December 31, 2015 driven by reductions in commercial categories, despite a $3.1 million increase in residential real estate loans placed on non-accrual, which includes $2.3 million from YCB. TDRs decreased $2.9 million due to
successful exit strategies combined with normal repayments and fewer additions to the category due to overall improvement in economic conditions in our markets. (Please see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
discussion.)    Other real estate owned and repossessed assets increased $4.0 million from December 31, 2015 to September 30,
2016, primarily due to the YCB acquisition which added $3.0 million, as well as the addition of a $1.3 million CRE property in the third quarter.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents past due and accruing loans excluding non-accrual and TDRs:  
  TABLE 12. PAST DUE AND ACCRUING LOANS EXCLUDING NON-ACCRUAL AND TDRs       
   Loans past due 90 days or more and accruing interest excluding TDRs decreased $0.7 million from
December 31, 2015. These loans continue to accrue interest because they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Decreases in the 90 days past due status were primarily in retail loan categories which collectively decreased $0.7
million or 24.2% from year end. Loans past due 30-89 days increased $6.6 million from December 31, 2015, primarily due to the YCB acquisition which added $5.6 million, and represented 0.28% of total loans at September 30, 2016 compared to
0.22% at December 31, 2015. The continued low levels of delinquency are the result of management s continued focus on sound initial underwriting, timely collection of loans at their earliest stage of delinquency, stable unemployment and
generally improved economic conditions.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

   ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES   
 The allowance for credit losses represented 0.69% of total portfolio loans at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.82% at December 31,
2015. The allowance increased $1.0 million from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 primarily due to loan growth. If the acquired YCB and ESB loans (recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition of $1,714.1 million with no
carry-over allowance) were excluded from the ratio, the allowance would approximate 0.95% of the adjusted loan total at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.09% prior to the ESB acquisition. The resulting ratio provides greater coverage over total
loans and is considered by management to be a better comparison of the adequacy of the allowance. Portfolio mix shifts also affect management s evaluation of the overall allowance.  
 The allowance for loans individually-evaluated decreased from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 primarily due to a partial
charge-off on one large individually-evaluated commercial credit of $2.3 million, while the allowance for loans collectively-evaluated increased $1.7 million to $41.9 million due to the aforementioned loan growth.  
 The allowance for loan commitments of $0.6 million at September 30, 2016 was unchanged from December 31, 2015.  
 The allowance for credit losses by loan category, presented in Note 5  Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses  to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, summarizes the impact of changes in various factors that affect the allowance for loan losses in each segment of the portfolio. The allowance for all segments is impacted by changes in loan balances, as well as
changes in historical loss rates adjusted for qualitative factors such as economic conditions. The CRE and C I segments of the portfolio are also impacted by changes in the risk grading distribution of the portfolio as well as the migration of
CRE loans from land and construction to improved property upon the completion of construction.    The loss migration rate by internal risk
grade is the primary factor for establishing the allowance for all commercial loans, and the portfolio segment loss history is the primary factor for establishing the allowance for residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans. The
categorization of loans as non-performing is not as significant a factor as the loss migration rate by risk grade or the segment loss history, although certain non-performing loans that carry specific reserves are also typically considered
classified under the internal risk grading system. Criticized and classified loans, including $13.9 million from YCB, were $88.4 million, or 1.42% of total loans at September 30, 2016, improving from 1.65% of total loans at September 30,
2015 and 1.57% from December 31, 2015, as credit quality continued to improve, enabling certain loans to be upgraded that were criticized but not classified throughout the economic downturn.  
 Table 13 summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses to each category of the loan portfolio. The increase in the allowance
for commercial loans from December 31, 2015 is primarily due to organic loan growth in these categories. The allowance for residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans collectively decreased despite overall organic loan growth from
lower historical loss rates in each category due to overall continued improvement in the credit quality of the portfolio.     TABLE 13. ALLOCATION OF THE
ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES       
   Although the allowance for credit losses is allocated as described in Table 13, the total allowance is
available to absorb actual losses in any category of the loan portfolio. However, differences between management s estimation of probable losses and actual incurred losses in subsequent periods for any category may necessitate future
adjustments to the provision for loan losses applicable to the category. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is appropriate to absorb probable losses at September 30, 2016.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

   DEPOSITS   
  TABLE 14. DEPOSITS       
   Deposits, which represent WesBanco s primary source of funds, are offered in various account forms at
various rates through WesBanco s 174 financial centers. The FDIC insures deposits up to $250,000 per account.    Total deposits
increased by $1.1 billion or 17.6% during the first nine months of 2016 primarily due to the YCB acquisition, which provided $1.2 billion of additional deposits, while organic deposits decreased 2.1%. Interest bearing demand and non-interest bearing
demand deposits increased 40.5% and 29.4%, respectively, while savings and money market deposits increased 14.0% and 5.0%, respectively. This growth was due to the YCB acquisition and corresponding marketing, customer incentives, focused retail and
business strategies to obtain more account relationships and customers  preferences for shorter-term maturities, coupled with initial deposits from bonus and royalty payments for Marcellus and Utica shale gas payments from energy companies in
WesBanco s southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia markets. Demand deposits, savings deposits and money market deposits acquired through the YCB acquisition were $607.9 million, $132.7 million and $190.8 million,
respectively.    Certificates of deposit increased $15.9 million due primarily to the YCB acquisition. Certificates of deposits acquired
from the YCB acquisition totaled $262.4 million, while organic balances declined 15.8% due to the effects of an overall corporate strategy designed to increase and remix retail deposit relationships with a focus on overall products that can be
offered at a lower cost to WesBanco. The decline was also impacted by lower offered rates on maturing certificates of deposit earlier in the period and customer preferences for other non-maturity deposit types. WesBanco does not generally solicit
brokered or other deposits out-of-market or over the internet, but does participate in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (CDARS   ) program and the Insured Cash Sweep (ICS   ) money market deposit program. CDARS    balances totaled $164.7 million in total outstanding balances at September 30, 2016, of which
$119.5 million represented one-way buys, compared to $243.7 million in total outstanding balances at December 31, 2015, of which $182.7 million represented one-way buys. ICS    reciprocal
balances totaled $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $147.3 million at December 31, 2015. Certificates of deposit greater than $250,000 were approximately $217.7 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $232.6 million at
December 31, 2015. Certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more were approximately $725.3 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $780.1 million at December 31, 2015. Certificates of deposit totaling approximately $862.0 million at
September 30, 2016 with a cost of 0.56% are scheduled to mature within the next 12 months. WesBanco intends to continue to focus on its core deposit strategies and improving its overall mix of transaction accounts to total deposits. From time
to time the Bank may offer special promotions or match competitor rates on certain certificates of deposit maturities and savings products based on competition, sales strategies, liquidity needs and wholesale borrowing costs.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

   BORROWINGS   
  TABLE 15. BORROWINGS       
   Borrowings are a less significant source of funding for WesBanco compared to total deposits. During the first
nine months of 2016, FHLB borrowings decreased $90.9 million from December 31, 2015. The acquisition of YCB provided $21.3 million in FHLB borrowings which were coupled with new borrowings of $65.0 million and were offset by $177.2 million in
maturities, of which $20.0 million were acquired from YCB. WesBanco utilized funds provided by investment securities sales and other available cash flows to fund the maturities.  
 Other short-term borrowings, which consist of securities sold under agreements to repurchase and notes payable at September 30, 2016, but
may also include federal funds purchased, were $132.5 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $81.4 million at December 31, 2015. The YCB acquisition provided $44.3 million in other short-term borrowings. The YCB acquisition also
provided $25.0 million in subordinated debentures at the bank and $32.2 million in junior subordinated debentures at the parent company.  
 WesBanco renewed a revolving line of credit in September 2016, which is a senior obligation of the parent company, with another financial
institution. This line of credit, which accrues interest at an adjusted LIBOR rate, provides for aggregate unsecured borrowings of up to $25.0 million, of which $5.0 million was outstanding at September 30, 2016. There was no outstanding
balance at December 31, 2015.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 WesBanco enters into financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, letters of credit, loans approved but not closed, overdraft limits and contingent obligations to purchase loans funded by other entities. Since many of these commitments
expire unused or partially used, these commitments may not reflect future cash requirements. Please refer to Note 9,  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,  of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the  Loans and Credit
Risk  section of this MD A for additional information.     CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 Shareholders  equity was $1.3 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase resulted
primarily from the issuance of $177.1 million of common stock in the YCB acquisition, and was coupled with net income during the current nine-month period of $62.4 million and a $15.9 million increase in other comprehensive income, which were
partially offset by the declaration of common shareholder dividends totaling $28.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. WesBanco also increased its quarterly dividend rate to $0.24 per share in February, representing a 4.3%
increase over the prior quarterly rate and a cumulative 71% increase over the last twenty-two quarters.    WesBanco purchased 128,316 shares
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 under the current share repurchase plans. Of these shares, 117,100 were open market purchases and occurred during the first quarter while 11,216 were shares purchased from employees for the
payment of withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock during the second quarter. At September 30, 2016, the remaining shares authorized to be purchased under the current repurchase plans totaled 1,123,944 shares.  
 On May 25, 2016, WesBanco granted 96,600 stock options to selected officers at an exercise price of $32.37. These options are
service-based and vest 50% at December 31, 2016 and 50% at December 31, 2017. On the same date, WesBanco also issued 51,650 shares of restricted stock to selected officers. The restricted shares are service-based and cliff-vest 36 months
from the date of grant.    On September 9, 2016, WesBanco granted 24,750 shares of restricted stock to certain commercial lenders and
market presidents from YCB. The restricted shares are service-based and cliff-vest 36 months from the date of grant. In addition, WesBanco converted certain YCB restricted stock units into 8,525 restricted stock units as part of the acquisition.
These awards are service-based and vest 100% within 4 months of the acquisition date.    Regulatory guidelines require bank holding
companies and commercial banks to maintain certain minimum capital ratios and define companies as  well capitalized  that sufficiently exceed the minimum ratios. At September 30, 2016, regulatory capital levels for both the Bank and
WesBanco were substantially greater than the minimum amounts needed to be considered  well capitalized  under the regulations. There are various legal limitations under federal and state laws that limit the payment of dividends from the
Bank to WesBanco. As of September 30, 2016, under FDIC regulations, WesBanco could receive, without prior regulatory approval, a dividend of approximately $33.8 million from the Bank. WesBanco intends to continue to improve its consolidated and
Bank capital ratios primarily from retaining a majority of its increasing earnings.    The following table summarizes risk-based capital
amounts and ratios for WesBanco and the Bank for the periods indicated:      

(1) 
 Minimum requirements to remain adequately capitalized.    

(2) 
 Well-capitalized under prompt corrective action regulations.    
      46  

Table of Contents  

   LIQUIDITY RISK   
 Liquidity is defined as a financial institution s capacity to meet its cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost. Liquidity
risk is the risk that an institution s financial condition or overall safety and soundness is adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet its obligations. An institution s obligations, and the funding sources to
meet them, depend significantly on its business mix, balance sheet structure, and the cash flows of its on- and off-balance sheet obligations. Institutions confront various internal and external situations that can give rise to increased liquidity
risk including funding mismatches, market constraints on funding sources, contingent liquidity events, changes in economic conditions, and exposure to credit, market, operation, legal and reputation risk. WesBanco actively manages liquidity risk
through its ability to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan demand, unexpected outflows in deposits and other borrowings as well as to take advantage of market opportunities and meet operating cash needs. This is accomplished by
maintaining liquid assets in the form of securities, sufficient borrowing capacity and a stable core deposit base. Liquidity is centrally monitored by WesBanco s Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO ).  
 WesBanco determines the degree of required liquidity by the relationship of total holdings of liquid assets to the possible need for funds to
meet unexpected deposit losses and/or loan demands. The ability to quickly convert assets to cash at a minimal loss is a primary function of WesBanco s investment portfolio management. WesBanco believes its cash flow from the loan portfolio,
the investment portfolio, and other sources, adequately meet its liquidity requirements. WesBanco s net loans to assets ratio was 63.1% at September 30, 2016 and deposit balances funded 72.7% of assets.  
 The following table lists the sources of liquidity from assets at September 30, 2016 expected within the next year:  

(1) 
 Projected prepayments are based on current prepayment speeds.      Deposit flows are another
principal factor affecting overall WesBanco liquidity. Deposits totaled $7.1 billion at September 30, 2016. Deposit flows are impacted by current interest rates, products and rates offered by WesBanco versus various forms of competition, as
well as customer behavior. Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature within one year totaled $862.0 million at September 30, 2016, which includes jumbo regular certificates of deposit totaling $327.7 million with a weighted-average cost of
0.61%, and jumbo CDARS    deposits of $75.1 million with a cost of 0.75%.    WesBanco
maintains a line of credit with the FHLB of Pittsburgh as an additional funding source. Available credit with the FHLB was approximately $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. At
September 30, 2016, the Bank had unpledged available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of $188.5 million, representing 15% of the available-for-sale portfolio. These securities are an available liquidity source, or such securities
could be pledged to secure additional FHLB borrowings. The FHLB requires securities to be specifically pledged to the FHLB and maintained in a FHLB-approved custodial arrangement if the member wishes to include such securities in the maximum
borrowing capacity calculation. WesBanco has elected not to specifically pledge to the FHLB otherwise unpledged securities.    WesBanco
participates in the Federal Reserve Bank s Borrower-in-Custody Program ( BIC ) whereby WesBanco pledges certain consumer loans as collateral for borrowings. At September 30, 2016, WesBanco had a BIC line of credit totaling $224.5
million, none of which was outstanding. Alternative funding sources may include the utilization of existing overnight lines of credit with third party banks totaling $285.0 million, none of which was outstanding at September 30, 2016, along
with seeking other lines of credit, borrowings under repurchase agreement lines, increasing deposit rates to attract additional funds, accessing brokered deposits, or selling securities available-for-sale or certain types of loans.  
 Other short-term borrowings of $132.5 million at September 30, 2016 consisted of overnight sweep checking accounts for large commercial
customers and notes payable. There has not been a significant fluctuation in the average deposit balances of the overnight sweep checking accounts during the first nine months of 2016. The overnight sweep checking accounts require securities to be
pledged equal to or greater than the average deposit balances in the related customer accounts.            The
principal sources of parent company liquidity, other than the acquisition of $17.4 million from YCB, are dividends from the Bank, $46.2 million in cash and investments on hand, and a $25.0 million revolving line of credit with another financial
institution, which had a $5.0 million outstanding balance at September 30, 2016. WesBanco is in compliance with all loan covenants. There are various legal limitations under federal and state laws that limit the payment of dividends from the
Bank to the parent company. As of September 30, 2016, under FDIC and State of West Virginia regulations, WesBanco could receive, without prior regulatory approval, dividends of approximately $33.8 million from the Bank. Management believes
these are appropriate levels of cash for the parent company given the current environment. Management continuously monitors the adequacy of parent company cash levels and sources of liquidity through the use of metrics that relate current cash
levels to historical and forecasted cash inflows and outflows.    WesBanco had outstanding commitments to extend credit in the ordinary
course of business approximating $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. On a historical basis, only a small portion of these commitments will result in an outflow of funds. Please refer to
Note 9,  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,  of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the  Loans and Credit Risk  section of this MD A for additional information.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by the section captioned  Forward-Looking Statements  included in Item 2.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report.     MARKET RISK   
 The primary objective of WesBanco s ALCO is to maximize net interest income within established policy parameters. This objective is
accomplished through the management of balance sheet composition, market risk exposures arising from changing economic conditions and liquidity risk.  
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments resulting from fluctuations in
interest rates and equity prices. Management considers interest rate risk to be WesBanco s most significant market risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. The relative
consistency of WesBanco s net interest income is largely dependent on effective management of interest rate risk. As interest rates change in the market, rates earned on interest rate sensitive assets and rates paid on interest rate sensitive
liabilities do not necessarily move concurrently. Differing rate sensitivities may arise because fixed rate assets and liabilities may not have the same maturities, or because variable rate assets and liabilities differ in the timing and/or the
percentage of rate changes.    WesBanco s ALCO, comprised of senior management from various functional areas, monitors and manages
interest rate risk within Board approved policy limits. Interest rate risk is monitored primarily through the use of an earnings simulation model. The model is highly dependent on various assumptions, which change regularly as the balance sheet and
market interest rates change. The key assumptions and strategies employed are analyzed quarterly and reviewed and documented by the ALCO.  
 The earnings simulation model projects changes in net interest income resulting from the effect of changes in interest rates. Forecasting
changes in net interest income requires management to make certain assumptions regarding loan and security prepayment rates, bond call dates, and adjustments to non-maturing deposit rates, which may not necessarily reflect the manner in which actual
yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. Assumptions used are based primarily on historical experience and current market rates. Security portfolio maturities and prepayments are assumed to be reinvested in similar instruments
and callable bond forecasts are adjusted at varying levels of interest rates. While management believes such assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed prepayment rates, callable bond forecasts and non-maturing deposit
rates will approximate actual future results. Moreover, the net interest income sensitivity chart presented in Table 1,  Net Interest Income Sensitivity,  assumes the composition of interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the
end of the period remains constant over the period being measured and also assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve, regardless of the duration of the maturity or re-pricing of specific assets
and liabilities. Since the assumptions used in the model relative to changes in interest rates are uncertain, the simulation analysis may not be indicative of actual results. In addition, the analysis may not consider all actions that management
could employ in response to changes in interest rates and various earning asset and costing liability balances.    Management is aware of
the significant effect inflation or deflation has upon interest rates and ultimately upon financial performance. WesBanco s ability to cope with inflation or deflation is best determined by analyzing its capability to respond to changing market
interest rates, as well as its ability to manage the various elements of non-interest income and expense during periods of increasing or decreasing inflation or deflation. WesBanco monitors the level and mix of interest-rate sensitive assets and
liabilities through ALCO in order to reduce the impact of inflation or deflation on net interest income. Management also controls the effects of inflation or deflation by conducting periodic reviews of the prices and terms of its various products
and services, both in terms of the costs to offer the services as well as outside market influences upon such pricing, by introducing new products and services or reducing the availability of existing products and services, and by controlling
overhead expenses.    Interest rate risk policy limits are determined by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income over a
twelve-month period assuming an immediate and sustained 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates compared to a stable rate environment or base model. WesBanco s current policy limits this exposure to a
reduction of 10%, 12.5%, 15%, and 20% or less, respectively, of net interest income from the base model over a twelve-month period. The table below shows WesBanco s interest rate sensitivity at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
assuming a 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis point interest rate increase, compared to a base model. Due to the current low interest rate environment, particularly for short-term rates, the 200 and 300 basis point decreasing change is not calculated.  

      48  

Table of Contents  

   TABLE 1. NET INTEREST INCOME SENSITIVITY   

As per the table above, the
earnings simulation model at September 30, 2016 currently projects that net interest income for the next twelve-month period would decrease by 3.2% if interest rates were to fall immediately by 100 basis points, compared to a decrease of 2.7%
for the same scenario as of December 31, 2015.    For rising rate scenarios, net interest income would increase by 3.3%, 4.8%, 4.9% and
5.5% if rates increased by 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 compared to increases of 3.6%, 5.5% and 6.2% in a 100, 200 and 300 basis point increasing rate environment as of December 31, 2015 (no
400 basis point calculation was available).    The balance sheet remains asset sensitive as of September 30, 2016, as compared to
December 31, 2015, with differences resulting from changes in the mix of and growth in various earning assets and costing liabilities, changes due to the acquisition of YCB, as well as adjustments in modeling assumptions such as deposit beta
rates and new loan and investment rates. Overall asset sensitivity in non-parallel rising rate scenarios may be somewhat neutralized due to slower prepayment speeds and extension risk associated with residential mortgages and mortgage-backed
securities, as well as other earning asset and costing liability differences versus currently modeled assumptions. In addition, variable rate commercial loans with rate floors averaging 4.15% approximated $1.3 billion at September 30, 2016,
which represent approximately 32% of commercial loans, as compared to $1.0 billion or 34% of commercial loans at December 31, 2015. Approximately 57% or $721.4 million of these loans are currently priced at their floor, as compared to 52% or
$526.6 million at December 31, 2015. In a 100 basis point rising rate environment, these loans may not significantly re-price from their current floor level as compared to non-floor loans. As a result of the December, 2015 federal funds rate
increase affecting short-term market rates such as one and three month LIBOR, an index used frequently in the setting of commercial loan rates, fixed rate loan spreads, and back-to-back loan swaps for certain commercial loan customers, more
commercial loans with floors are now scheduled to experience a rate increase in a rising rate environment, assisting asset sensitivity overall.  
 Given the current low interest rate environment and flatter yield curve affecting the repricing of loans and investments, WesBanco previously
expected that the base case net interest margin in the near term would somewhat decrease without loan growth. However, post-YCB, the net interest margin is expected to increase 5 to 10 basis points from the mix of the acquired earning assets and
costing liabilities and the positive impact from purchase accounting adjustments on the net financial assets acquired from YCB. Management currently anticipates that one additional short-term federal funds rate increase may occur during the
remainder of 2016, and potentially one or two more in 2017, relatively consistent with general market and economist expectations. A delay in implementing further rate increases in an asset sensitive scenario typically would have a negative impact on
management s estimates of the future direction and level of the net interest margin.    Maturities and repricing of higher-costing
certificates of deposit in the past have served to mitigate compression from lower loan spreads in the current competitive loan environment, along with anticipated loan growth in most loan categories. However, with current CDs costing an average of
0.72%, this factor does not assist the net interest margin in the near term as new CD rates are generally similar to, or slightly higher than the rates on maturing CDs. While customers over the past few years have elected to move maturing CD
balances to lower-costing transaction account types and non-deposit accounts, a portion of these balances may move to higher-costing CDs upon a more significant short-term rate increase over a period of time. Certificates of deposit runoff over the
last two years, due to customer preferences, from former single service customers at ESB and due to our own retail focus on customers with multiple relationships versus single service CD customers has been replaced with FHLB and other borrowings.
Certificates of deposit totaling approximately $862.0 million mature within the next year at an average cost of 0.56%. The increase in FHLB borrowings, primarily in 2015, and lengthening of their associated maturities assisted in improving the
Bank s asset sensitive position. In the current interest rate environment, with lower expectations for future rate increases, certain intermediate-term FHLB maturities may be shortened or paid off at maturity. Also, management is currently
controlling the size of the balance sheet, after the YCB acquisition, to remain under $10 billion in total assets for some period of time, currently anticipated thru the end of 2017 or into 2018. In anticipation of the merger which occurred
September 9, 2016, management elected to reduce the size of the investment portfolio by approximately $200 million, in combination with YCB s pre-acquisition investment portfolio, and pay-down certain borrowings and higher cost wholesale
CDs.    The Bank has significant additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Pittsburgh, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, and
various correspondent banks, and may utilize these funding sources or interest rate swaps as necessary to lengthen liabilities, help offset mismatches in various asset maturities, and manage short-term cash needs. CDARS    and ICS    deposits also continue to be used to lengthen maturities in certificates of deposit, and for customers seeking higher-yielding
instruments and/or to maintain their total deposit levels below FDIC insurance limits.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

  Current balance sheet strategies to reduce the potential for margin compression in the current
low rate and flatter yield curve environment include:      

increasing total loans; primarily commercial and home equity loans that have variable or adjustable rates;        

selling an increasing amount of new residential mortgage loan production into the secondary market:        

investing available short-term liquidity;        

continuing marketing programs to increase consumer and home equity loans, and non-interest bearing or low-cost interest bearing checking accounts;    

using loan swaps for customers desiring a longer-term fixed rate loan such that the Bank receives a variable rate;        

re-mixing securities  prepayment and maturity cash flows into loans as demand warrants, or to a lesser degree into new investments such as short-to-intermediate duration MBS and CMO securities and intermediate term
tax-exempt municipal securities;        

extending or renewing FHLB term borrowings as necessary to balance asset/liability mismatches,        

using the CDARS    program as necessary to manage overall liability mix, and        

managing the overall size of the balance sheet to remain under $10 billion in total assets after the recent acquisition of YCB was completed to avoid certain costs associated with the Dodd-Frank Act.    
 As an alternative to the immediate rate shock analysis, the ALCO monitors interest rate risk by ramping or increasing interest rates 200 basis
points gradually over a twelve-month period. WesBanco s current policy limits this exposure to a change of minus 10% in net interest income from the base model for a twelve-month period and minus 15% for an extended two year rate ramp of 400
basis points. Management believes that the ramping analysis reflects a more realistic movement of interest rates, whereas the immediate rate shock reflects a less likely scenario. The simulation model at September 30, 2016 using the 200 basis
point increasing rate ramp analysis, projects that net interest income would increase 2.8% over the next twelve months, compared to a 3.0% increase at December 31, 2015 and 3.0% for a 400 basis point rate ramp over two years. In addition,
management utilizes a  Most Likely  forecast scenario to forecast net interest income over a rolling two year time frame, which is periodically updated and reviewed quarterly, incorporating current budget or re-forecast assumptions into
the model such as estimated loan and deposit growth, asset and liability re-mixing, competitive market rates for various products and marketing promotions, and other assumptions. Such model helps to predict changes in forecasted outcomes and
necessary adjustments to the plan to achieve management s budgeted earnings goals.    WesBanco periodically measures the economic value
of equity, which is defined as the market value of tangible equity in various increasing and decreasing rate scenarios. At September 30, 2016, the market value of tangible equity as a percent of base in a 200 basis point rising rate environment
indicates an increase of 9.6%, compared to an increase of 1.9% at December 31, 2015. In a 100 basis point falling rate environment, the model indicates an increase of 1.1%, compared to a decrease of 8.8% as of December 31, 2015.
WesBanco s policy is to limit such change to minus 10% for a 100 basis point change in interest rates, minus 20% for a 200 basis point change in interest rates, minus 30% for a 300 basis point rate change in interest rates, and minus 40% for a
400 basis point rate change in interest rates. Certain changes to the market values associated with non-maturity deposits, recently updated by a third-party vendor contracted by WesBanco, caused the change in market value of tangible equity as
compared to December 31, 2015.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
  EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   WesBanco s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ) have concluded that WesBanco s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), based on their evaluation of these controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, are effective at the reasonable assurance level as discussed below to ensure that information required to be disclosed by WesBanco in the reports it files under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to WesBanco s management, including
its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  LIMITATIONS ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS   WesBanco s management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that
WesBanco s disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. While WesBanco s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objective, no control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or
mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls.  
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS  There were no changes in WesBanco s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 as required to be reported by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
WesBanco s internal control over financial reporting.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 WesBanco is involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. While any
litigation contains an element of uncertainty, WesBanco does not believe that a material loss related to such proceedings or claims pending or known to be threatened is reasonably possible.  
    ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
 As of September 30, 2016, WesBanco had two active one million share stock repurchase plans. The first plan was originally approved by the
Board of Directors on March 21, 2007 and the second, which is incremental to the first, was approved October 22, 2015. Each provides for shares to be repurchased for general corporate purposes, which may include a subsequent resource for
potential acquisitions, shareholder dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. The timing, price and quantity of purchases are at the discretion of WesBanco, and the plan may be discontinued or suspended at any time.  
 The following table presents the monthly share purchase activity during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 Consists of open market purchases transacted for employee benefit and dividend reinvestment plans.      N/A  
Not applicable  
      52  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

53  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

WESBANCO, INC.   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Todd F. Clossin   

Todd F. Clossin  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Robert H. Young   

Robert H. Young  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   
 
      54  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d243299dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-15(e) or RULE 15d-15(e)   
 I, Todd F. Clossin, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
Report on Form 10-Q of WesBanco, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing similar functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Todd F. Clossin  

Todd F. Clossin  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d243299dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-15(e) or RULE 15d-15(e)   
 I, Robert H. Young, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
Report on Form 10-Q of WesBanco, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing similar functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Robert H. Young  

Robert H. Young  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d243299dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of WesBanco, Inc. on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of WesBanco, Inc.    

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Todd F. Clossin  

Todd F. Clossin  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 President and Chief Executive Officer    

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Robert H. Young  

Robert H. Young  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
   The forgoing certifications are being furnished solely pursuant to Subsections (a) and (b) of
Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or
otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wsbc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wsbc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wsbc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wsbc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wsbc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wsbc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

