<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_780571_0000780571-16-000072_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13571485</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146679</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>651992</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4897695</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5935014</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1670586</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>78</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000780571-16-000072.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103135629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000780571-16-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ITRON INC /WA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000780571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				911011792
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22418
		FILM NUMBER:		161971076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2111 N MOLTER ROAD
		CITY:			LIBERTY LAKE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5099249900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2111 N MOLTER ROAD
		CITY:			LIBERTY LAKE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITRON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000780571-16-000072.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 itri10q09302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  OR 

For the transition period from             to              
  Commission file number 000-22418 
  ITRON, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

2111 N Molter Road, Liberty Lake, Washington 99019 
  (509) 924-9900 
  (Address and telephone number of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                              
    Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  As of   September 30, 2016   there were outstanding   38,258,576   shares of the registrant s common stock, no par value, which is the only class of common stock of the registrant. 

Table of Contents  

Itron, Inc. 
  Table of Contents 

Page 
       PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1:    Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Statements of Operations  
     1 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
     2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     5 

Item 2:    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     30 

Item 3:    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     48 

Item 4:    Controls and Procedures  
     50 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1:    Legal Proceedings  
     51 

Item 1A:    Risk Factors  
     51 

Item 2:    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     51 

Item 5:    Other Information  
     51 

Item 6:    Exhibits  
     52 

SIGNATURE  
     53 

Table of Contents  

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1:     Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   
  ITRON, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents  

ITRON, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    2 

Table of Contents  

ITRON, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

Table of Contents  

ITRON, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    4 

Table of Contents  

ITRON, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  September 30, 2016 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms  we,   us,   our,   Itron,  and the  Company  refer to Itron, Inc. 

Note 1:    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Financial Statement Preparation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are unaudited and reflect entries necessary for the fair presentation of the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   of Itron, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All entries required for the fair presentation of the financial statements are of a normal recurring nature, except as disclosed. The results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year or for any other fiscal period. 
    
  Certain information and notes normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding interim results. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   June 30, 2016  . There have been no significant changes in financial statement preparation or significant accounting policies since December 31, 2015, with the following exceptions. 
    
  Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
  We revised our previously reported consolidated financial statements for the first three quarters of fiscal 2015 as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   June 30, 2016  . These revisions primarily impacted the timing of revenue and cost recognition associated with contracts involving certain software products that we were unable to demonstrate vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) of fair value for certain undelivered elements or determine whether software was essential to the functionality of certain hardware. All impacted financial statement line items and related notes to condensed consolidated financial statements reflect these revisions. 
    
  Prepaid Debt Fees 
  Prepaid debt fees for term debt represent the capitalized direct costs incurred related to the issuance of debt and are recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability. We have elected to present prepaid debt fees for revolving debt within other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are amortized to interest expense over the terms of the respective borrowings, including contingent maturity or call features, using the effective interest method, or straight-line method when associated with a revolving credit facility. When debt is repaid early, the related portion of unamortized prepaid debt fees is written off and included in interest expense. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  We grant various stock-based compensation awards to our officers, employees and Board of Directors with service, market, and/or performance vesting conditions. Beginning with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016, we granted phantom stock units, which are settled in cash upon vesting and accounted for as liability-based awards. 
    
  We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based compensation based on estimated fair values. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which includes assumptions for the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected term. For unrestricted stock awards with no market conditions, the fair value is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units with market conditions, the fair value is estimated at the date of award using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which includes assumptions for dividend yield and expected volatility for our common stock and the common stock for companies within the Russell 3000 index, as well as the risk-free interest rate and expected term of the awards. For phantom stock units, fair value is the market close price of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. 
    
  We expense stock-based compensation at the date of grant for unrestricted stock awards. For awards with only a service condition, we expense stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. For awards with performance and service conditions, if vesting is probable, we expense the stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately  
  
    5 

     Table of Contents  

vesting portion of the award. For awards with a market condition, we expense the fair value over the requisite service period. Excess tax benefits are credited to common stock when the deduction reduces cash taxes payable. When we have tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost, they are classified as financing cash inflows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
    
  Certain of our employees are eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The discount provided for ESPP purchases is   5%   from the fair market value of the stock at the end of each fiscal quarter and is not considered compensatory. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606   (ASU 2014-09), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date  , which deferred the effective date for implementation of ASU 2014-09 by one year and are now effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)   (ASU 2016-08), which clarifies the implementation guidance of principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   (ASU 2016-10), which clarifies the identification of performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients   (ASU 2016-12), to improve guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. The effective date and transition requirements in ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10, and ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2015-14. We have not yet selected a transition method, and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interes  t (ASU 2015-03). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Interest - Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   (ASU 2015-15). ASU 2015-15 provides additional guidance on the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied on a retrospective basis. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016, and it did not materially impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement   (ASU 2015-05),     which provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. ASU 2015-05 is effective for us on January 1, 2016. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016, and it did not materially impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330) - Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   (ASU 2015-11). The amendments in ASU 2015-11 apply to inventory measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost and will require entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the normal course of business, minus the cost of completion, disposal and transportation. Replacement cost and net realizable value less a normal profit margin will no longer be considered. ASU 2015-11 is effective for us on January 1, 2017. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842),   which requires substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The new standard also will result in enhanced quantitative and qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from existing leases. The standard requires modified retrospective adoption and will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
  
    6 

     Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323)   (ASU 2016-07), which simplified the accounting for equity method investments by eliminating the requirement that an entity retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for us on January 1, 2017. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718)   (ASU 2016-09), which simplifies several areas within Topic 718. These include the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the basis of adoption and evaluating the impact of the adoption of the update on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and related financial statement disclosures. 

Note 2:    Earnings Per Share 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS): 

Stock-based Awards 
  For stock-based awards, the dilutive effect is calculated using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the dilutive effect is computed as if the awards were exercised at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and assumes the related proceeds were used to repurchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Related proceeds include the amount the employee must pay upon exercise, future compensation cost associated with the stock award, and the amount of excess tax benefits, if any. Approximately   0.9 million   and   0.8 million   stock-based awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   because they were anti-dilutive. Approximately   1.1 million   and   1.2 million   stock-based awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   because they were anti-dilutive. These stock-based awards could be dilutive in future periods. 

Note 3:    Certain Balance Sheet Components 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $4.6 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, were recorded as contract retainage receivables within trade receivables, in accordance with contract retainage provisions. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , contract retainage receivables that were unbilled and classified as unbilled receivables were   $5.4 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively. These contract retainage receivables within trade receivables and unbilled receivables are expected to be collected within the following 12 months. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , long-term billed contract retainage receivables were   $0.4 million  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , long-term unbilled contract retainage receivables were   $3.8 million   and   $3.6 million  , respectively. These long-term billed and unbilled contract retainage receivables are classified within other long-term assets, as collection is not anticipated within the following 12 months. We consider whether collectability of such retainage is reasonably assured in connection with our overall assessment of the collectability of amounts due or that will become due under our contracts. 

Consigned inventory is held at third party locations; however, we retain title to the inventory until it is purchased by the third party. Consigned inventory, consisting of raw materials and finished goods, was   $2.1 million   and   $2.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

8 

Table of Contents  

Note 4:    Intangible Assets 
    
  The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible assets, other than goodwill, were as follows: 

A summary of intangible asset activity is as follows: 

Intangible assets acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were related to the Temetra Limited acquisition on August 26, 2015. Intangible assets impaired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes purchased software licenses to be sold to others. This amount was expensed as part of cost of revenues in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
    
  Estimated future annual amortization expense is as follows: 

9 

Table of Contents  

Note 5:    Goodwill 
    
  The following table reflects goodwill allocated to each reporting unit: 

Note 6:    Debt 
    
  The components of our borrowings were as follows: 

Credit Facility 
  On June 23, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement providing for committed credit facilities in the amount of   $725 million   U.S. dollars (the 2015 credit facility). The 2015 credit facility consists of a   $225 million   U.S. dollar term loan (the term loan) and a multicurrency revolving line of credit (the revolver) with a principal amount of up to   $500 million  . The revolver also contains a   $250 million   standby letter of credit sub-facility and a   $50 million   swingline sub-facility (available for immediate cash needs at a higher interest rate). Both the term loan and the revolver mature on June 23, 2020, and amounts borrowed under the revolver are classified as long-term and, during the credit facility term, may be repaid and reborrowed until the revolver's maturity, at which time the revolver will terminate, and all outstanding loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, must be repaid. Amounts not borrowed under the revolver are subject to a commitment fee, which is paid in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter, ranging from   0.175%   to   0.30%   per annum depending on our total leverage ratio as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter. Amounts repaid on the term loan may not be reborrowed. The 2015 credit facility permits us and certain of our foreign subsidiaries to borrow in U.S. dollars, euros, British pounds, or, with lender approval, other currencies readily convertible into U.S. dollars.   All obligations under the 2015 credit facility are guaranteed by Itron, Inc. and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries and are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the assets of Itron, Inc. and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries, including a pledge of 100% of the capital stock of material U.S. domestic subsidiaries and up to 66% of the voting stock (100% of the non-voting stock) of their first-tier foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the obligations of any foreign subsidiary who is a foreign borrower, as defined by the 2015 credit facility, are guaranteed by the foreign subsidiary and by its direct and indirect foreign parents. 
    
  The 2015 credit facility includes debt covenants, which contain certain financial ratio thresholds, place certain restrictions on the incurrence of debt, investments, and the issuance of dividends, and require quarterly unaudited and annual audited financial reporting. We were not in compliance with the financial reporting portion of these covenants under the 2015 credit facility at June 30, 2016. On April 1, 2016 and June 13, 2016, we entered into the first and second amendments to the 2015 credit facility. As a result of these amendments, we were granted waivers that extended the due dates for annual audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and quarterly unaudited financial statements for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 through September 12, 2016, and our   $300 million   standby letter of credit sub-facility was reduced to   $250 million  . We regained compliance with all financial reporting covenants upon filing our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 on September 2, 2016. 
  
    10 

     Table of Contents  

Scheduled principal repayments for the term loan are due quarterly in the amount of   $2.8 million   through June 2017,   $4.2 million   from September 2017 through June 2018,   $5.6 million   from September 2018 through March 2020, and the remainder due at maturity on June 23, 2020. The term loan may be repaid early in whole or in part, subject to certain minimum thresholds, without penalty. 
    
  Under the 2015 credit facility, we elect applicable market interest rates for both the term loan and any outstanding revolving loans. We also pay an applicable margin, which is based on our total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement). The applicable rates per annum may be based on either: (1)   the LIBOR rate   or   EURIBOR rate   (floor of 0%), plus an applicable margin, or (2) the   Alternate Base Rate  , plus an applicable margin. The Alternate Base Rate election is equal to the greatest of three rates: (i)   the prime rate  , (ii)   the Federal Reserve effective rate   plus 1/2 of 1%, or (iii)   one month LIBOR   plus   1%  . At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate for both the term loan and the USD revolver was   1.78%   (the LIBOR rate plus a margin of   1.25%  ), and the interest rate for the EUR revolver was   1.25%   (the EURIBOR floor rate plus a margin of   1.25%  ). 
    
  Credit facility repayments were as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  ,   $132.6 million   was outstanding under the credit facility revolver, and   $321.3 million   was available for additional borrowings or standby letters of credit. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $46.1 million   was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit, resulting in   $203.9 million   available for additional standby letters of credit. No amounts were outstanding under the swingline sub-facility. 
    
  Upon entering into the 2015 credit facility, a portion of our unamortized prepaid debt fees, totaling   $0.8 million  , wer  e w  ritten-off to interest expense. Prepaid debt fees of approximately   $3.9 million   were capitalized associated with the 2015 credit facility. Unamortized prepaid debt fees were as follows: 

11 

Table of Contents  

Note 7:    Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  As part of our risk management strategy, we use derivative instruments to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Refer to Note 13 and Note 14 for additional disclosures on our derivative instruments. 
    
  The fair values of our derivative instruments are determined using the income approach and significant other observable inputs (also known as  Level 2 ). We have used observable market inputs based on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument. The key inputs include interest rate yield curves (swap rates and futures) and foreign exchange spot and forward rates, all of which are available in an active market. We have utilized the mid-market pricing convention for these inputs. We include, as a discount to the derivative asset, the effect of our counterparty credit risk based on current published credit default swap rates when the net fair value of our derivative instruments is in a net asset position. We consider our own nonperformance risk when the net fair value of our derivative instruments is in a net liability position by discounting our derivative liabilities to reflect the potential credit risk to our counterparty through applying a current market indicative credit spread to all cash flows. 
    
  The fair values of our derivative instruments were as follows: 

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI), net of tax, for our derivative and nonderivative hedging instruments, were as follows: 

Reclassification of amounts related to hedging instruments are included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Included in the net unrealized loss on hedging instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is a loss of   $14.4 million  , net of tax, related to our nonderivative net investment hedge, which terminated in 2011. This loss on our net investment hedge will remain in AOCI until such time when earnings are impacted by a sale or liquidation of the associated foreign operation. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of the effect of netting arrangements on our financial position related to the offsetting of our recognized derivative assets and liabilities under master netting arrangements or similar agreements is as follows: 

Our derivative assets and liabilities subject to netting arrangements consist of foreign exchange forward and interest rate contracts with three and   nine   counterparties at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. No derivative asset or liability balance with any of our counterparties was individually significant at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . Our derivative contracts with each of these counterparties exist under agreements that provide for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in a single currency in the event of default. We have no pledges of cash collateral against our obligations nor have we received pledges of cash collateral from our counterparties under the associated derivative contracts. 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges 
  As a result of our floating rate debt, we are exposed to variability in our cash flows from changes in the applicable interest rate index. We enter into swaps to achieve a fixed rate of interest on a portion of our debt in order to increase our ability to forecast interest expense. The objective of these swaps is to reduce the variability of cash flows from increases in the LIBOR based borrowing rates on our floating rate credit facility. The swaps do not protect us from changes to the applicable margin under our credit facility. 
    
  In May 2012, we entered into   six   interest rate swaps, which were effective July 31, 2013 and expired on August 8, 2016, to convert   $200 million   of our LIBOR based debt from a floating LIBOR interest rate to a fixed interest rate of   1.00%   (excluding the applicable margin on the debt). The cash flow hedges were expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged risk through the term of the hedge. Consequently, effective changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps were recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) and recognized in earnings when the hedged item affected earnings. The amounts paid on the hedges were recognized as adjustments to interest expense. 
    
  In October 2015, we entered into an interest rate swap, which is effective from August 31, 2016 to June 23, 2020, and converts   $214 million   of our LIBOR based debt from a floating LIBOR interest rate to a fixed interest rate of   1.42%   (excluding the applicable margin on the debt). The notional balance will amortize to maturity at the same rate as required minimum payments on our term loan. The cash flow hedge is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged risk through the term of the hedge. Consequently, effective changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap is recorded as a component of OCI and will be recognized in earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. The amounts paid or received on the hedge will be recognized as an adjustment to interest expense. The amount of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months is   $1.5 million  . 
    
  In November 2015, we entered into three interest rate cap contracts with a total notional amount of   $100 million   at a cost of   $1.7 million  . The interest rate cap contracts expire on June 23, 2020 and were entered into in order to limit our interest rate exposure on   $100 million   of our variable LIBOR based debt up to   2.00%  . In the event LIBOR is higher than   2.00%  , we will pay interest at the capped rate of   2.00%   with respect to the   $100 million   notional amount of such agreements. The interest rate cap contracts  
  
    13 

     Table of Contents  

do not include the effect of the applicable margin. The amount of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months is insignificant. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our LIBOR based debt balance was   $290.9 million  . The amount of cash flow hedge ineffectiveness for derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments was insignificant for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
    
  We will continue to monitor and assess our interest rate risk and may institute additional interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to manage such risk in the future. 
    
  The before-tax effects of our cash flow derivative instruments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Consolidated Statements of Operations were as follows: 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Relationships 
  We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk when we enter into non-functional currency transactions, both intercompany and third party. At each period-end, non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities are revalued with the change recorded to other income and expense. We enter into monthly foreign exchange forward contracts (a total of   402   contracts were entered into during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ), which are not designated for hedge accounting, with the intent to reduce earnings volatility associated with currency exposures. The notional amounts of the contracts ranged from less than   $10,000   to   $37.9 million  , offsetting our exposures from   the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, and various other currencies. 
    
  The effect of our foreign exchange forward derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows: 

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 8:    Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
    
  We sponsor both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans for our international employees, primarily in Germany, France, Italy, Indonesia, Brazil, and Spain, offering death and disability, retirement, and special termination benefits. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by using the projected unit credit method. The measurement date for the pension plans was   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: 

Our asset investment strategy focuses on maintaining a portfolio using primarily insurance funds, which are accounted for as investments and measured at fair value, in order to achieve our long-term investment objectives on a risk adjusted basis. Our general funding policy for these qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards of the respective countries for each plan. 
    
  Net periodic pension benefit costs for our plans include the following components: 

15 

Table of Contents  

Note 9:    Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We record stock-based compensation expense for awards of stock options, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock, and phantom stock units. We expense stock-based compensation primarily using the straight-line method over the requisite service period. Stock-based compensation expense and the related tax benefit were as follows: 

We issue new shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options or when vesting conditions on restricted stock units are fully satisfied. 
    
  Subject to stock splits, dividends, and other similar events,   7,473,956   shares of common stock are reserved and authorized for issuance under our Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (Stock Incentive Plan). Awards consist of stock options, restricted stock units, and unrestricted stock awards. At   September 30, 2016  ,   2,111,769   shares were available for grant under the Stock Incentive Plan. The Stock Incentive Plan shares are subject to a fungible share provision such that the authorized share reserve is reduced by (i)   one   share for every one share subject to a stock option or share appreciation right granted under the Plan and (ii)   1.7   shares for every one share of common stock that was subject to an award other than an option or share appreciation right. 
    
  Stock Options 
  Options to purchase our common stock are granted to certain employees, senior management, and members of the Board of Directors with an exercise price equal to the market close price of the stock on the date the Board of Directors approves the grant.   Options generally become exercisable in three equal annual installments beginning one year from the date of grant   and generally expire   10   years from the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized only for those options expected to vest, with forfeitures estimated based on our historical experience and future expectations. 
    
  The fair values of stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

(1)     
    There were no employee stock options granted for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
       
  Expected volatility is based on a combination of the historical volatility of our common stock and the implied volatility of our traded options for the related expected term. We believe this combined approach is reflective of current and historical market conditions and is an appropriate indicator of expected volatility. The risk-free interest rate is the rate available as of the award date on zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a term equal to the expected life of the award. The expected life is the weighted average expected life of an award based on the period of time between the date the award is granted and the estimated date the award will be fully exercised. Factors considered in estimating the expected life include historical experience of similar awards, contractual terms, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of our stock option activity is as follows: 

(1)   
    The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options represents amounts that would have been received by the optionees had all in- the-money options been exercised on that date. Specifically, it is the amount by which the market value of our stock exceeded the exercise price of the outstanding in-the-money options before applicable income taxes, based on our closing stock price on the last business day of the period. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the period is calculated based on our stock price at the date of exercise. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested stock options was approximately   $3.8 million  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately   2.0 years  . 
    
  Restricted Stock Units 
  Certain employees, senior management, and members of the Board of Directors receive restricted stock units as a component of their total compensation. The fair value of a restricted stock unit is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock units generally vest over a   three   year period. Compensation expense, net of forfeitures, is recognized over the vesting period. 
    
  Subsequent to vesting, the restricted stock units are converted into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and issued to employees. We are entitled to an income tax deduction in an amount equal to the taxable income reported by the employees upon vesting of the restricted stock units. 
    
  Beginning in 2013, the performance-based restricted stock units to be issued under the Long-Term Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance Award Agreement) were determined based on (1) our achievement of specified non-GAAP EPS targets, as established by the Board at the beginning of each year for each of the three 1-year calendar years contained in the performance period (the performance condition) and (2) our total shareholder return (TSR) relative to the TSR attained by companies that are included in the Russell 3000 Index during the 3-year performance period (the market condition). Compensation expense, net of forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis, and the restricted stock units vest upon achievement of the performance condition, provided participants are employed by Itron at the end of the respective performance periods. For U.S. participants who retire during the performance period, a pro-rated number of restricted stock units (based on the number of days of employment during the performance period) immediately vest based on the attainment of the performance goals as assessed after the end of the performance period. 
  Depending on the level of achievement of the performance condition, the actual number of shares to be earned ranges between   0%   and   160%   of the awards originally granted. At the end of the performance periods, if the performance conditions are achieved at or above threshold, the number of shares earned is further adjusted by a TSR multiplier payout percentage, which ranges between   75%   and   125%  , based on the market condition. Therefore, based on the attainment of the performance and market conditions, the actual number of shares that vest may range from   0%   to   200%   of the awards originally granted. Due to the presence of the TSR  
  
    17 

     Table of Contents  

multiplier market condition, we utilize a Monte Carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of the awards at the grant date. This pricing model uses multiple simulations to evaluate the probability of our achievement of various stock price levels to determine our expected TSR performance ranking. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of performance-based restricted stock units granted and the resulting weighted average fair value are as follows: 

(1)   
    There were no long-term performance restricted stock units granted for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
       
  Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock for the related expected term. We believe this approach is reflective of current and historical market conditions and is an appropriate indicator of expected volatility. The risk-free interest rate is the rate available as of the award date on zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a term equal to the expected term of the award. The expected term is the term of an award based on the period of time between the date of the award and the date the award is expected to vest. The expected term assumption is based upon the plan's performance period as of the date of the award. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
    
  The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity: 

(1)   
    The aggregate intrinsic value is the market value of the stock, before applicable income taxes, based on the closing price on the stock release dates or at the end of the period for restricted stock units expected to vest. 
               (2)   
    Restricted stock units granted in   2015   and   2016   do not include awards under the Performance Award Agreement for the respective years, as these awards are not granted until attainment of annual performance goals has been determined at the conclusion of the performance period, which had not occurred as of   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense on restricted stock units was   $25.3 million  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately   2.0 years  . 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Phantom Stock Units 
  Phantom stock units are a form of share-based award that are indexed to our stock price and are settled in cash upon vesting. Since phantom stock units are settled in cash, compensation expense recognized over the vesting period will vary based on changes in fair value. Fair value is remeasured at the end of each reporting period based on the market close price of our common stock. 
    
  The following table summarizes phantom stock unit activity: 

At   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense on phantom stock units was   $2.8 million  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately   2.4 years  . We have recorded a phantom stock liability of   $0.7 million   within wages and benefits payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016. 
    
  Unrestricted Stock Awards 
  We grant unrestricted stock awards to members of our Board of Directors as part of their compensation. Awards are fully vested and expensed when granted. The fair value of unrestricted stock awards is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
    
  The following table summarizes unrestricted stock award activity: 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  Under the terms of the ESPP, employees can deduct up to   10%   of their regular cash compensation to purchase our common stock at a   5%   discount from the fair market value of the stock at the end of each fiscal quarter, subject to other limitations under the plan. The sale of the stock to the employees occurs at the beginning of the subsequent quarter. The ESPP is not considered compensatory, and no compensation expense is recognized for sales of our common stock to employees. 
    
  The following table summarizes ESPP activity: 

(1)   
    Stock sold to employees during each fiscal quarter under the ESPP is associated with the offering period ending on the last day of the previous fiscal quarter. No stock was sold under the ESPP during the third quarter of 2016 because the ESPP had been suspended due to our delayed SEC filings. We became current with our SEC filings on September 2, 2016 and the ESPP is again active. 
       
  There were approximately   371,000   shares of common stock available for future issuance under the ESPP at   September 30, 2016  . 

19 

Table of Contents  

Note 10:    Income Taxes 
    
  Our tax provision as a percentage of income before tax typically differs from the federal statutory rate of   35%  , and may vary from period to period, due to fluctuations in the forecast mix of earnings in domestic and international jurisdictions, new or revised tax legislation and accounting pronouncements, tax credits, state income taxes, adjustments to valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions, among other items. 
    
  Our tax expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   differed from the federal statutory rate of   35%   due to the forecasted mix of earnings in domestic and international jurisdictions and losses experienced in jurisdictions with valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. 
    
  Our tax expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   differed from the federal statutory rate of   35%   due to the forecasted mix of earnings in domestic and international jurisdictions, losses experienced in jurisdictions with valuation allowances, and discrete tax items. 
    
  We classify interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities and interest income on tax overpayments as components of income tax expense. The net interest and penalties expense recognized were as follows: 

Accrued interest and penalties recorded were as follows: 

Unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions and the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate were as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  , we are under examination by certain tax authorities for the 2000 to 2014 tax years. The material jurisdictions where we are subject to examination for the 2000 to 2014 tax years include, among others, the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Brazil and the United Kingdom. No material changes have occurred to previously disclosed assessments. We believe we have appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of all tax matters and do not currently anticipate that the ultimate resolution of these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, future results of operations, or liquidity. 
    
  Based upon the timing and outcome of examinations, litigation, the impact of legislative, regulatory, and judicial developments, and the impact of these items on the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the related unrecognized tax benefits could change from those recorded within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made. 

20 

Table of Contents  

Note 11:    Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Guarantees and Indemnifications 
  We are often required to obtain standby letters of credit (LOCs) or bonds in support of our obligations for customer contracts. These standby LOCs or bonds typically provide a guarantee to the customer for future performance, which usually covers the installation phase of a contract and may, on occasion, cover the operations and maintenance phase of outsourcing contracts. 
    
  Our available lines of credit, outstanding standby LOCs, and performance bonds were as follows: 

(1)    
    Refer to Note 6 for details regarding our secured credit facilities. 
               (2)   
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as a result of entering into the first and second amendments to the 2015 credit facility, the maximum limit available for additional standby LOCs under sub-facility was reduced from   $300 million   to   $250 million  . 
               (3)   
    Short-term borrowings are included in  Other current liabilities  on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
       
  In the event any such standby LOC or bond is called, we would be obligated to reimburse the issuer of the standby LOC or bond; however, we do not believe that any outstanding LOC or bond will be called. 
    
  We generally provide an indemnification related to the infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right on software or equipment within our sales contracts, which indemnifies the customer from and pays the resulting costs, damages, and attorney s fees awarded against a customer with respect to such a claim provided that: 1) the customer promptly notifies us in writing of the claim and 2) we have the sole control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations. We may also provide an indemnification to our customers for third party claims resulting from damages caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of our employees/agents in connection with the performance of certain contracts. The terms of our indemnifications generally do not limit the maximum potential payments. It is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements. 

Legal Matters 
  We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims of which the outcomes are subject to significant uncertainty. Our policy is to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes related to legal matters, as well as ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of the liability required, if any, for these contingencies is made after an analysis of each known issue. A liability is recorded and charged to operating expense when we determine that a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Additionally, we disclose contingencies for which a material loss is reasonably possible, but not probable. 
    
  On July 14, 2016, we entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Transdata Incorporated (Transdata) under which Transdata agreed to dismiss with prejudice all pending litigation in various United States District Courts against us and certain of our customers. As a part of the settlement, we received a patent license from Transdata for the use of the patents in future meter production and sales. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

In Brazil, the Conselho Administravo de Defesa Economica commenced an investigation of water meter suppliers, including our subsidiary, to determine whether such suppliers participated in agreements or concerted practices to coordinate their commercial policy in Brazil. On October 18, 2016, we settled with the Conselho Administravo de Defesa Economica. The settlement was not material to our results of operations or financial condition. 
    
  Itron and its subsidiaries are parties to various employment-related proceedings in jurisdictions where it does business. None of the proceedings are individually material to Itron, and we believe that we have made adequate provision such that the ultimate disposition of the proceedings will not materially affect Itron's business or financial condition. 

Warranty 
  A summary of the warranty accrual account activity is as follows: 

Total warranty expense is classified within cost of revenues and consists of new product warranties issued, costs related to extended warranty contracts, and other changes and adjustments to warranties. Warranty expense was as follows: 

Unearned Revenue Related to Extended Warranty 
  A summary of changes to unearned revenue for extended warranty contracts is as follows: 

Health Benefits 
  We are self insured for a substantial portion of the cost of our U.S. employee group health insurance. We purchase insurance from a third party, which provides individual and aggregate stop-loss protection for these costs. Each reporting period, we expense the costs of our health insurance plan including paid claims, the change in the estimate of incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims, taxes, and administrative fees (collectively, the plan costs). 

22 

     Table of Contents  

Plan costs were as follows: 

The IBNR accrual, which is included in wages and benefits payable, was as follows: 

Our IBNR accrual and expenses may fluctuate due to the number of plan participants, claims activity, and deductible limits. For our employees located outside of the United States, health benefits are provided primarily through governmental social plans, which are funded through employee and employer tax withholdings. 

Note 12:    Restructuring 
    
  2016 Projects 
  On September 1, 2016, we announced projects (2016 Projects) to restructure various company activities in order to improve operational efficiencies, reduce expenses and improve competiveness. We expect to close or consolidate several facilities and reduce our global workforce as a result of the restructuring. 
    
  The 2016 Projects began during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and we expect to substantially complete the 2016 Projects by the end of 2018. Many of the affected employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of charges, total expected charges, cost recognized, and planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
    
  The total expected restructuring costs, the restructuring costs recognized during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and the remaining expected restructuring costs as of   September 30, 2016   related to the 2016 Projects are as follows: 

2014 Projects 
  In November 2014, our management approved restructuring projects (2014 Projects) to restructure our Electricity business and related general and administrative activities, along with certain Gas and Water activities, to improve operational efficiencies and reduce expenses. The 2014 Projects include consolidation of certain facilities and reduction of our global workforce. The improved structure positions us to meet our long-term profitability goals by better aligning global operations with markets where we can serve our customers profitably. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

We began implementing these projects in the fourth quarter of 2014, and substantially completed them in the third quarter of 2016.   Project activities will continue through the fourth quarter of 2017, however, no further costs are expected to be recognized related to the 2014 Projects. 
    
  The total expected restructuring costs, the restructuring costs recognized in prior periods, the restructuring costs recognized during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and the remaining expected restructuring costs as of   September 30, 2016   related to the 2014 Projects were as follows: 

2013 Projects 
  In September 2013, our management approved projects (the 2013 Projects) to restructure our operations to improve profitability and increase efficiencies. We began implementing these projects in the third quarter of 2013, and completed the projects during the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  The 2013 Projects resulted in approximately   $26.2 million   of restructuring expense, which was recognized from the third quarter of 2013 through the fourth quarter of 2014. 
    
  The following table summarizes the activity within the restructuring related balance sheet accounts for the 2016, 2014 and 2013 Projects during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Asset impairments are determined at the asset group level. Revenues and net operating income from the activities we have exited or will exit under the restructuring projects are not material to our operating segments or consolidated results. 
    
  Other restructuring costs include expenses for employee relocation, professional fees associated with employee severance, and costs to exit the facilities once the operations in those facilities have ceased. Costs associated with restructuring activities are generally presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as restructuring, except for certain costs associated with inventory write-downs, which are classified within cost of revenues, and accelerated depreciation expense, which is recognized according to the use of the asset. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

The current restructuring liabilities were   $20.3 million   and   $25.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The current restructuring liabilities are classified within other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The long-term restructuring liabilities balances were   $29.5 million   and   $4.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The long-term restructuring liabilities are classified within other long-term obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and include facility exit costs and severance accruals. 

Note 13:    Shareholders' Equity 
    
  Preferred Stock 
  We have authorized the issuance of   10 million   shares of preferred stock with no par value. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of any outstanding preferred stock would be entitled to be paid a preferential amount per share to be determined by the Board of Directors prior to any payment to holders of common stock. There was no preferred stock issued or outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  The before-tax amount, income tax (provision) benefit, and net-of-tax amount related to each component of OCI were as follows: 

25 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in the components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows: 

Details about the AOCI components reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Operations are as follows: 

(1)   
    Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
               (2)   
    These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. Refer to Note 8 for additional details. 
       
  Refer to Note 7 for additional details related to derivative activities that resulted in reclassification of AOCI to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Note 14:    Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
    
  The fair values at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   do not reflect subsequent changes in the economy, interest rates, and other variables that may affect the determination of fair value. The following table presents the fair values of our financial instruments: 

The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating fair values: 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents:   Due to the liquid nature of these instruments, the carrying amount approximates fair value (Level 1). 
    
  Credit facility - term loan and multicurrency revolving line of credit:   The term loan and revolver are not traded publicly. The fair values, which are valued based upon a hypothetical market participant, are calculated using a discounted cash flow model with Level 2 inputs, including estimates of incremental borrowing rates for debt with similar terms, maturities, and credit profiles. Refer to Note 6 for a further discussion of our debt. 
    
  Derivatives:   See Note 7 for a description of our methods and assumptions in determining the fair value of our derivatives, which were determined using Level 2 inputs. 

27 

Table of Contents  

Note 15:    Segment Information 
    
  We operate under the Itron brand worldwide and manage and report under   three   operating segments: Electricity, Gas, and Water. Our Water operating segment includes both our global water and heat solutions. This structure allows each segment to develop its own go-to-market strategy, prioritize its marketing and product development requirements, and focus on its strategic investments. Our sales, marketing, and delivery functions are managed under each segment. Our product development and manufacturing operations are managed on a worldwide basis to promote a global perspective in our operations and processes and yet still maintain alignment with the segments. 
    
  We have three GAAP measures of segment performance: revenue, gross profit (margin), and operating income (margin). Our operating segments have distinct products, and, therefore, intersegment revenues are minimal. Certain operating expenses are allocated to the operating segments based upon internally established allocation methodologies. Corporate operating expenses, interest income, interest expense, other income (expense), and income tax provision are not allocated to the segments, nor included in the measure of segment profit or loss. In addition, we allocate only certain production assets and intangible assets to our operating segments. We do not manage the performance of the segments on a balance sheet basis. 
    
  Segment Products 
                 Electricity 
    Standard electricity (electromechanical and electronic) meters; advanced electricity meters and communication modules; smart electricity meters; smart electricity communication modules; prepayment systems, including smart key, keypad, and smart card communication technologies; advanced systems including handheld, mobile, and fixed network collection technologies; smart network technologies; meter data management software; knowledge application solutions; installation; implementation; and professional services including consulting and analysis. 

Gas 
    Standard gas meters; advanced gas meters and communication modules; smart gas meters; smart gas communication modules; prepayment systems, including smart key, keypad, and smart card communication technologies; advanced systems, including handheld, mobile, and fixed network collection technologies; smart network technologies; meter data management software; knowledge application solutions; installation; implementation; and professional services including consulting and analysis. 

Water 
    Standard water and heat meters; advanced and smart water meters and communication modules; smart heat meters; advanced systems including handheld, mobile, and fixed network collection technologies; meter data management software; knowledge application solutions; installation; implementation; and professional services including consulting and analysis. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues, gross profit, and operating income associated with our segments were as follows: 

For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , one customer represented   14%   and   12%  , respectively, of total Electricity segment revenues. For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , one customer represented   11%   of total Electricity segment revenues, while no customer represented more than   10%   of total Electricity segment revenues for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and September 30, 2015,   no   single customer represented more than   10%   of the Gas or Water operating segment revenues, or total company revenues.  
    
  Revenues by region were as follows: 

(1)   
    The Other region includes our operations in Latin America and Asia Pacific. 
       
  Depreciation and amortization expense associated with our segments was as follows: 

29 

Table of Contents  

Item 2:    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included in this report and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on   June 30, 2016  . 
    
  Documents we provide to the SEC are available free of charge under the Investors section of our website at   www.itron.com   as soon as practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, these documents are available at the SEC s website (http://  www.sec.gov  ), at the SEC s Headquarters at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, or by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. 
    
  Certain Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This document contains forward-looking statements concerning our operations, financial performance, revenues, earnings growth, liquidity, restructuring, and other items. This document reflects our current plans and expectations and is based on information currently available as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. When we use the words  expect,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   plan,   project,   estimate,   future,   objective,   may,   will,   will continue,  and similar expressions, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates. Although we believe that these assumptions and estimates are reasonable, any of these assumptions and estimates could prove to be inaccurate and the forward looking statements based on them could be incorrect and cause our actual results to vary materially from expected results. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties which could materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. These risks and uncertainties include 1) the rate and timing of customer demand for our products, 2) failure to meet performance or delivery milestones in customer contracts, 3) changes in estimated liabilities for product warranties and/or litigation, 4) changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, 5) rescheduling or cancellations of current customer orders and commitments, 6) our dependence on customers' acceptance of new products and their performance, 7) competition, 8) changes in domestic and international laws and regulations, 9) international business risks, 10) our own and our customers' or suppliers' access to and cost of capital, 11) future business combinations, and 12) other factors.   For a more complete description of these and other risks, refer to Item 1A:  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016 and our other reports on file with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement in this document. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are a technology company, offering end-to-end metering solutions to electric, natural gas, and water utilities around the world. Our smart metering solutions, meter data management software, and knowledge application solutions bring additional value to a utility s metering and grid systems. Our professional services help our customers project-manage, install, implement, operate, and maintain their systems. We operate under the Itron brand worldwide and manage and report under three operating segments, Electricity, Gas, and Water. Our Water operating segment includes both our global water and heat solutions. This structure allows each segment to develop its own go-to-market strategy, prioritize its marketing and product development requirements, and focus on its strategic investments. Our sales, marketing, and delivery functions are managed under each segment. Our product development and manufacturing operations are managed on a worldwide basis to promote a global perspective in our operations and processes and yet still maintain alignment with the segments. 
    
  We have three measures of segment performance: revenue, gross profit (margin), and operating income (margin). Intersegment revenues are minimal. Certain operating expenses are allocated to the operating segments based upon internally established allocation methodologies. Interest income, interest expense, other income (expense), income tax provision, and certain corporate operating expenses are neither allocated to the segments nor included in the measures of segment performance. 
    
  The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), as well as certain adjusted or non-GAAP financial measures such as constant currency, free cash flow, non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, adjusted EBITDA, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS). We believe that non-GAAP financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, can provide more information to assist investors in evaluating current period performance and in assessing future performance. For these reasons, our internal management reporting also includes non-GAAP measures. We strongly encourage investors and shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Non-GAAP measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

In our discussions of the operating results below, we sometimes refer to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates we use to convert operating results from local currencies into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. We also use the term      constant currency,      which represents results adjusted to exclude foreign currency exchange rate impacts. We calculate the constant currency change as the difference between the current period results translated using the current period currency exchange rates and the comparable prior period s results restated using current period currency exchange rates. We believe the reconciliations of changes in constant currency provide useful supplementary information to investors in light of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Refer to the   Non-GAAP Measures   section below on pages   45-47   for the detailed reconciliation of items that impacted free cash flow, non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, adjusted EBITDA, and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the presented periods. 

Total Company Highlights and Unit Shipments 
    
  Highlights and significant developments for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016 

Gross margin was   33.7%   compared with   31.4%   in the same period last year. The gross margin improvement of   230   basis points included improvements in our Electricity and Gas segments. 

Operating expenses were   $44.0 million   higher compared with the same period last year primarily due to increased restructuring expense following our announcement of the 2016 restructuring projects (2016 Projects). 

Net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $9.9 million   compared with net income attributable to Itron, Inc. of   $12.6 million   in the same period last year. 

Adjusted EBITDA   improved to   $62.7 million  , an increase of   $21.2 million   compared with the same period last year. 

GAAP diluted EPS declined   $0.59   to   $(0.26)   compared with the same period last year, primarily due to the increased restructuring charges. 

Non-GAAP diluted EPS improved   $0.33   to   $0.77   compared with the same period last year. 
       
  Highlights and significant developments for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 

Revenues were   $1.5 billion   compared with   $1.4 billion   in the same period last year, an increase of   $130.4 million  , or   9%  . 

Gross margin was   33.2%   compared with   29.1%   in the same period last year. The gross margin improvement of   410   basis points included improvements in all segments. 

Operating expenses were   $70.4 million   higher compared with the same period last year, primarily due to increased restructuring expenses following the announcement of the 2016 Projects. 

Non-GAAP diluted EPS improved   $1.59   to   $1.87   compared with the same period last year. 

On September 1, 2016, we announced the 2016 Projects to restructure various company activities in order to improve operational efficiencies, reduce expenses and improve competiveness. We expect to close or consolidate several facilities and reduce our global workforce as a result of the restructuring. As a result of the announcement, we recognized   $40.0 million   of restructuring expense during the third quarter of 2016 related to the 2016 Projects. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

We expect to substantially complete the 2016 Projects by the end of 2018. Many of the affected employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of charges, total expected charges, costs recognized, and planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
    
  We estimate pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately   $66 million  , with expected annualized savings of approximately $40 million upon completion. 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes in GAAP and Non-GAAP financial measures: 

(1)   
    These measures exclude certain expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating results. See pages   45-47   for information about these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. 
       
  Meter and Module Summary 
  We classify meters into three categories: 
             
    Standard metering   no built-in remote reading communication technology 
                
    Advanced metering   one-way communication of meter data 
                
    Smart metering   two-way communication including remote meter configuration and upgrade (consisting primarily of our OpenWay  technology) 
       
  In addition, advanced and smart meter communication modules can be sold separately from the meter. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Our revenue is driven significantly by sales of meters and communication modules. A summary of our meter and communication module shipments is as follows: 

Results of Operations 
    
  Revenue and Gross Margin 
    
  The actual results and effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates in revenues and gross profit were as follows: 

(1)   
    Constant currency change is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the total change between periods excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
       
  Revenues 
  Revenues   increased     $37.3 million   and   $130.4 million  , or   8%   and   9%  , for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same periods in 2015. Revenues in the Electricity and Gas segments increased by   $35.9 million   and   $7.5 million  , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Revenues in the Water segment declined   $6.0 million   during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. Revenues in the Electricity, Gas, and Water segments increased by   $89.8 million  ,   $32.6 million  , and   $8.0 million  , respectively, for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . The total change in revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were unfavorably impacted by   $5.2 million   and   $27.7 million  , respectively, due to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Our 10 largest customers accounted for 33% and 31% of total revenues during   the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 24% and 23% of total revenues during   the   three and nine   months ended     September 30, 2015  . For further discussion of customer concentrations for the segments and total company, refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 15: Segment Information.  
    
  Gross Margin 
  Gross margin for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   33.7%  , compared with   31.4%   for the same period in   2015  . The improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by improved revenues and product mix across our Electricity and Gas segments. Gross margin  
  
    33 

     Table of Contents  

for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   33.2%  , compared with   29.1%   for the same period in 2015. The improvement was primarily driven by a significant warranty charge in our Water segment in 2015 that negatively impacted gross margin, as well as improved revenues and product mix in our Electricity and Gas segments. 

Operating Expenses 
    
  The actual results and effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates in operating expenses were as follows: 

(1)   
    Constant currency change is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the total change between periods excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
       
  Operating expenses increased   $44.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily related to an increase in restructuring expense of   $40.1 million  , and an increase in general and administrative expense of   $9.3 million   related to increased professional services costs in 2016 and a $3.4 million litigation recovery that reduced general and administrative expenses during the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Operating expenses increased   $70.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily related to an increase in restructuring expense of   $50.1 million  , and an increase in general and administrative expense of   $27.6 million   due to increased legal costs and professional services in 2016, and an $8.0 million litigation recovery that reduced these expenses in 2015. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

Other Income (Expense) 
    
  The following table shows the components of other income (expense): 

Total other income (expense) for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was a net expense of   $1.9 million   compared with   $3.7 million   in the same period in   2015  . Total other income (expense) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was a net expense of   $8.8 million   compared with   $11.9 million   in the same period in   2015  . The other income (expense), net, change for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the same period in 2015 was due to fluctuations in the recognized foreign currency exchange gains and losses due to balances denominated in a currency other than the reporting entity's functional currency. 

Income Tax Provision 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the income tax provisions were   $13.4 million   and   $34.2 million   compared with   $9.9 million   and   $19.1 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Our tax rates for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   of   297%   and   60%   differed from the federal statutory rate of   35%   due to the forecasted mix of earnings in domestic and international jurisdictions and losses, in particular related to restructuring charges recognized during the third quarter, experienced in jurisdictions with valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Our tax rates for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   43%   and   78%   differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the forecasted mix of earnings in domestic and international jurisdictions, valuation allowances, and discrete tax items. 

35 

Table of Contents  

Operating Segment Results 
    
  For a description of our operating segments, refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements Note 15: Segment Information.  

36 

Table of Contents  

Electricity 
    
  The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Electricity segment financial results were as follows: 

(1)   
    Constant currency change is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the total change between periods excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
       
  Revenues - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Revenues   increased     $35.9 million  , or 17%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by increased product revenues from advanced and smart meter sales in North America and Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA). These improvements were partially offset by declines in EMEA service revenues. The total change in Electricity revenues was unfavorably impacted by   $2.8 million   due to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Revenues -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Revenues   increased     $89.8 million  , or 15%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in 2015. Revenues were higher in   2016   primarily due to increased product revenues and professional services in North America. Increased EMEA product revenues also contributed to the growth while EMEA service revenues declined during the period. The total change in Electricity revenues was unfavorably impacted by   $14.3 million   due to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  
    
  Gross Margin - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Gross margin was   31.1%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with   27.3%   for the same period in   2015  . The   380   basis point increase over the prior year was primarily the result of an improved product mix and volumes. 
    
  Gross Margin -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , gross margin was   30.4%  , compared with   27.1%   for the same period in   2015  . The   330   basis point improvement over the prior year was primarily the result of increased revenue from higher margin smart meters. 
    
  Operating Expenses - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses increased   $8.3 million  , or 18%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in 2015. The increase was caused by a $5.4 million increase in general and administrative expense, primarily due to a $3.4 million reimbursement received in 2015 related to the settlement of litigation arising from the SmartSynch acquisition. In addition, the recognition of the 2016 Projects in the third quarter of 2016 resulted in an increase in restructuring expense as compared to 2015. These increases were partially offset by decreases in amortization of intangible assets, product development, and sales and marketing expenses. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses increased   $11.4 million  , or 8%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase resulted primarily from receiving a reimbursement of $8.0 million in 2015 related to the settlement of litigation arising from the SmartSynch acquisition. In addition, restructuring expense increased in 2016 following the recognition of the 2016 Projects. These increases were partially offset by decreases in sales and marketing, product development, and amortization of intangible assets expenses. 

Gas 
    
  The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Gas segment financial results were as follows: 

(1)   
    Constant currency change is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the total change between periods excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
       
  Revenues - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Revenues increased   $7.5 million  , or 5%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the same period in   2015  . This was primarily due to an increase in product sales in North America. 
    
  Revenues -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Revenues   increased     $32.6 million  , or 8%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . This was due an increase in product sales in North America, EMEA, and Asia Pacific. The total change in Gas revenues was unfavorably impacted by   $5.1 million   due to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Gross Margin - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Gross margin was   38.9%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with   34.2%   for the same period in   2015  . The   470   basis point increase was related to increased sales of higher margin products in North America and improved margins in EMEA. 
    
  Gross Margin -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Gross margin was   36.5%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with   33.6%   for the same period in   2015  . The increase of   290   basis points was related to improved product mix and increased volumes. 
    
  Operating Expenses - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses increased   $18.0 million  , or 58%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to higher restructuring expense following the recognition of the 2016 Projects, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expense. 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses increased   $19.5 million  , or 22%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to higher restructuring expenses following the recognition of the 2016 Projects, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expense. 

Water 
    
  The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Water segment financial results were as follows: 

(1)   
    Constant currency change is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the total change between periods excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
       
  Revenues - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Revenues decreased   $6.0 million  , or 5%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the third quarter of 2015. This was primarily due to lower meter volumes in EMEA and Asia Pacific. 
    
  Revenues -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Revenues increased   $8.0 million  , or 2%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period last year. This increase was primarily due to increased product revenues in North America and EMEA. This was partially offset by lower revenues in Latin America. The total change in Water revenues was unfavorably impacted by   $8.2 million   due to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Gross Margin - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  During the third quarter of 2016 gross margin decreased to   32.7%  , compared with   35.0%   in 2015. The decrease in gross margin was driven by unfavorable product mix in EMEA and Latin America, as well as lower volumes in EMEA. 
    
  Gross Margin -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Gross margin   increased   to   34.4%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with   27.7%   for the same period last year, driven by reduced warranty charges in 2016. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a $28.2 million warranty accrual associated with our preliminary failure estimates for certain communication modules manufactured between July 2013 and December 2014. This additional warranty expense reduced gross margin by 7.4 percentage points during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Operating Expenses - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by $13.0 million, or 44%, compared with the   third   quarter of 2015. The increase was primarily due to restructuring expense associated with the 2016 Projects that was recognized during the third quarter of 2016. 
  
    39 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by $11.3 million, or 12%, compared with the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to restructuring expense associated with the 2016 Projects recognized during the third quarter of 2016, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expense. 

Corporate unallocated 
    
  Corporate Unallocated Expenses - Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs. Three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Operating expenses not directly associated with an operating segment are classified as  Corporate unallocated.  These expenses increased by   $4.7 million  , or 36%, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to increased professional service fees associated with the revision of previously issued financial statements, as discussed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with increased legal costs. 
    
  Corporate Unallocated Expenses -   Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   Nine months ended     September 30, 2015 
  Corporate unallocated expenses increased by   $28.3 million   or 81%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to increased professional service fees associated with the revision of previously issued financial statements, as discussed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with increased legal costs. 

Bookings and Backlog of Orders 
    
  Bookings for a reported period represent customer contracts and purchase orders received during the period that have met certain conditions, such as regulatory and/or contractual approval. Total backlog represents committed but undelivered products and services for contracts and purchase orders at period end. Twelve-month backlog represents the portion of total backlog that we estimate will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. Backlog is not a complete measure of our future revenues as we also receive significant book-and-ship orders. Bookings and backlog may fluctuate significantly due to the timing of large project awards. In addition, annual or multi-year contracts are subject to rescheduling and cancellation by customers due to the long-term nature of the contracts. Beginning total backlog, plus bookings, minus revenues, will not equal ending total backlog due to miscellaneous contract adjustments, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and other factors. 

Information on bookings by our operating segments is as follows: 

40 

Table of Contents  

Financial Condition 
    
  Cash Flow Information: 

Cash and cash equivalents was   $151.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $131.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Operating activities 
  Cash provided by operating activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $81.9 million   compared with   $20.2 million   during the same period in   2015  . The   increase   in cash provided was primarily due to an improvement in net income adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating asset and liabilities. These adjustments include a $76.7 million decreased use of cash for inventory caused by a prior year buildup for expected demand in North America and EMEA. In addition,   $40.0 million   of restructuring expense was recognized related to the 2016 Projects, much of which will be paid in future periods. These improvements were offset by the $28.2 million warranty charge recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to a product replacement notification to customers of our Water business line, for which many replacements have been processed during 2016. 
    
  Investing activities 
  Cash used by investing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  5.8 million   lower compared with the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Financing activities 
  Net cash used by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  30.7 million  , compared with a cash source of $  28.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . The increased use of cash by financing activities is primarily a result of repaying   $29.0 million   of borrowings in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to utilizing   $59.5 million   of net proceeds and payments during the same period in 2015, as free cash flow was sufficient to fund operating and investing activities and pay down existing debt. This was partially offset by a $35.3 million reduction in cash used for repurchases of common stock during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
  The effect of exchange rates on the cash balances of currencies held in foreign denominations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was an   increase   of   $1.9 million  , compared with a   decrease   of   $12.9 million   for the same period in   2015  . The impact of exchange rates is the result of an increase in U.S. dollar value compared with most foreign currencies during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 
  To supplement our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measure of free cash flow to analyze cash flows generated from our operations. The presentation of non-GAAP free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We calculate free cash flows, using amounts from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, as follows: 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Free cash flow increased primarily as a result of higher cash provided by operating activities. See the cash flow discussion of operating activities above. 
    
  Off-balance sheet arrangements: 
    
  We have no off-balance sheet financing agreements or guarantees as defined by Item 303 of Regulation S-K at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   that we believe are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources: 
    
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, borrowings, and sales of common stock. Cash flows may fluctuate and are sensitive to many factors including changes in working capital and the timing and magnitude of capital expenditures and payments of debt. Working capital, which represents current assets less current liabilities, was   $352.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $281.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Borrowings 
  Our credit facility consists of a $225 million U.S. dollar term loan and a multicurrency revolving line of credit (the revolver) with a principal amount of up to $500 million. The revolver also contains a $250 million letter of credit sub-facility and a $50 million swingline sub-facility (available for immediate cash needs at a higher interest rate). At   September 30, 2016  ,   $132.6 million   was outstanding under the revolver, and   $321.3 million   was available for additional borrowings or standby letters of credit. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $46.1 million   was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit, resulting in   $203.9 million   available for additional letters of credit. 
    
  The 2015 credit facility includes debt covenants, which contain certain financial ratio thresholds, place certain restrictions on the incurrence of debt, investments, and the issuance of dividends, and require quarterly unaudited and annual audited financial reporting. We were not in compliance with the financial reporting portion of these covenants under the 2015 credit facility at June 30, 2016. On April 1, 2016 and June 13, 2016, we entered into the first and second amendments to the 2015 credit facility. As a result of these amendments, we were granted waivers that extended the due dates for annual audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and quarterly unaudited financial statements for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 through September 12, 2016, and our   $300 million   standby letter of credit sub-facility was reduced to   $250 million  . We regained compliance with all financial reporting covenants upon filing our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 on September 2, 2016. 

For further description of the term loan and the revolver under our 2015 credit facility, refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 6: Debt.  
    
  For a description of our letters of credit and performance bonds, and the amounts available for additional borrowings or letters of credit under our lines of credit, including the revolver that is part of our credit facility, refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies.  
    
  Restructuring 
  On September 1, 2016, we announced projects (2016 Projects) to restructure various company activities in order to improve operational efficiencies, reduce expenses and improve competiveness. We expect to close or consolidate several facilities and reduce our global workforce as a result of the restructuring. 
    
  We expect to substantially complete the 2016 Projects by the end of 2018. Many of the affected employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of charges, total expected charges, costs recognized, and planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
    
  We expect pre-tax restructuring charges associated with the 2016 Projects of approximately   $66 million  , with expected annualized savings of approximately $40 million upon completion. Of the total estimated charge, more than 90% is expected to result in cash expenditures. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $49.8 million   was accrued for the restructuring projects, of which   $20.3 million   is expected to be paid over the next 12 months. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

For further details regarding our restructuring activities, refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 12: Restructuring.  

Other Liquidity Considerations 
  We have tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards in various jurisdictions that are available to reduce cash taxes. However, utilization of tax credits and net operating losses are limited in certain jurisdictions. Based on current projections, we expect to pay, net of refunds, approximately $5 million in state taxes, $9 million in U.S federal taxes, and $14 million in local and foreign taxes during   2016  . For a discussion of our tax provision and unrecognized tax benefits, see Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 10: Income Taxes.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we are under examination by certain tax authorities for the 2000 to 2014 tax years. The material jurisdictions where we are subject to examination include, among others, the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Brazil, and the United Kingdom. No material changes have occurred to previously disclosed assessments. We believe we have appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of all tax matters and do not currently anticipate that the ultimate resolution of these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, future results of operations, or liquidity. 
    
  We have not provided U.S. deferred taxes related to the cash in certain foreign subsidiaries because our investment is considered permanent in duration. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was $36.5 million of cash and short-term investments held by certain foreign subsidiaries in which we are permanently reinvested for tax purposes. If this cash were repatriated to fund U.S. operations, additional tax costs may be required. Tax is one of the many factors that we consider in the management of global cash. Included in the determination of the tax costs in repatriating foreign cash into the United States are the amount of earnings and profits in a particular jurisdiction, withholding taxes that would be imposed, and available foreign tax credits. Accordingly, the amount of taxes that we would need to accrue and pay to repatriate foreign cash could vary significantly. 

In several of our consolidated international subsidiaries, we have joint venture partners, who are minority shareholders. Although these entities are not wholly-owned by Itron, Inc., we consolidate them because we have a greater than 50% ownership interest and/or because we exercise control over the operations. The noncontrolling interest balance in our Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the proportional share of the equity of the joint venture entities, which is attributable to the minority shareholders. Approximately $21.6 million of our consolidated cash balance at   September 30, 2016   is held in our joint venture entities. As a result, the minority shareholders of these entities have rights to their proportional share of this cash balance, and there may be limitations on our ability to repatriate cash to the United States from these entities. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we have accrued $18.2 million of bonus and profit sharing plans expense for the expected achievement of annual financial and nonfinancial targets, which will be paid in cash during the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  General Liquidity Overview 
  We expect to grow through a combination of internal new product development, licensing technology from and to others, distribution agreements, partnering arrangements, and acquisitions of technology or other companies. We expect these activities to be funded with existing cash, cash flow from operations, borrowings, or the sale of common stock or other securities. We believe existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our existing operations and obligations for the next 12 months and into the foreseeable future, but offer no assurances. Our liquidity could be affected by the stability of the electricity, gas, and water industries, competitive pressures, changes in estimated liabilities for product warranties and/or litigation, future business combinations, capital market fluctuations, international risks, and other factors described under  Risk Factors  within Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , which was filed with the SEC on   June 30, 2016  , as well as  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  within Item 3 of Part I included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Contingencies 
    
  Refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies.  

Critical Accounting Estimates 
    
  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Changes in these estimates and assumptions are considered reasonably possible and may have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and thus actual results could differ from the amounts reported and disclosed herein. Our critical accounting policies that require the use of estimates and assumptions were discussed in detail in the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and have not changed materially from that discussion, with the following exception. 

43 

Table of Contents  

Stock-Based Compensation 
  We grant various stock-based compensation awards to our officers, employees and Board of Directors with service, market, and/or performance vesting conditions. Beginning with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016, we granted phantom stock units which are settled in cash upon vesting and accounted for as liability-based awards. 
    
  We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based compensation based on estimated fair values. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which includes assumptions for the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected term. For unrestricted stock awards with no market conditions, the fair value is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units with market conditions, the fair value is estimated at the date of award using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which includes assumptions for dividend yield and expected volatility for our common stock and the common stock for companies within the Russell 3000 index, as well as the risk-free interest rate and expected term of the awards. For phantom stock units, fair value is the market close price of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. 
    
  We expense stock-based compensation at the date of grant for unrestricted stock awards. For awards with only a service condition, we expense stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. For awards with performance and service conditions, if vesting is probable, we expense the stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. For awards with a market condition, we expense the fair value over the requisite service period. Excess tax benefits are credited to common stock when the deduction reduces cash taxes payable. When we have tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost, they are classified as financing cash inflows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  
    44 

Table of Contents  

Non-GAAP Measures 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. These non-GAAP measures exclude the impact of certain expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating results. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision making and as a means for determining executive compensation. These non-GAAP financial measures facilitate management's internal comparisons to our historical performance. 
    
  Non-GAAP operating expenses   and   non-GAAP operating income     We define non-GAAP operating expenses as operating expenses excluding certain expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, acquisitions and goodwill impairment. We define non-GAAP operating income as operating income excluding the expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, acquisitions and goodwill impairment. We consider these non-GAAP financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors because they exclude the effect of expenses that are related to previous acquisitions and restructuring projects. By excluding these expenses, we believe that it is easier for management and investors to compare our financial results over multiple periods and analyze trends in our operations. For example, in certain periods expenses related to amortization of intangible assets may decrease, which would improve GAAP operating margins, yet the improvement in GAAP operating margins due to this lower expense is not necessarily reflective of an improvement in our core business. There are some limitations related to the use of non-GAAP operating expense and non-GAAP operating income versus operating expense and operating income calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP operating expense and non-GAAP operating income exclude some costs that are recurring. 
    
  Non-GAAP net income   and   non-GAAP diluted EPS     We define non-GAAP net income as net income (loss) attributable to Itron, Inc. excluding the expenses associated with amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, acquisitions, goodwill impairment, amortization of debt placement fees, and the tax effect of excluding these expenses. We define non-GAAP diluted EPS as non-GAAP net income divided by the weighted average shares, on a diluted basis, outstanding during each period. We consider these financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors for the same reasons that we use non-GAAP operating income. The same limitations described above regarding our use of non-GAAP operating income apply to our use of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from these non-GAAP measures and evaluating non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS together with GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Itron, Inc. and GAAP diluted EPS. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA     We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (a) minus interest income, (b) plus interest expense, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, acquisition related expense, goodwill impairment and (c) exclude the tax expense or benefit. We believe that providing this financial measure is important for management and investors to understand our ability to service our debt as it is a measure of the cash generated by our core business. Management uses adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure for executive compensation. A limitation to using adjusted EBITDA is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period and the measure includes some non-cash items and excludes other non-cash items. Additionally, the items that we exclude in our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may differ from the items that our peer companies exclude when they report their results. We compensate for these limitations by providing a reconciliation of this measure to GAAP net income. 
    
  Free cash flow   - We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash used for acquisitions of property, plant and equipment. We believe free cash flow provides investors with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing our ability to fund our operations and repay our debt. The same limitations described above regarding our use of adjusted EBITDA apply to our use of free cash flow. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts and reconciling to free cash flow. 
    
  Constant currency   - We refer to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in our discussions of financial results, which references the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates used to translate operating results from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. We also use the term  constant currency,  which represents financial results adjusted to exclude changes in foreign currency exchange rates as compared with the rates in the comparable prior year period. We calculate the constant currency change as the difference between the current period results and the comparable prior period s results restated using current period foreign currency exchange rates. 

45 

     Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures 
    
  The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, and operating income by segment with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 

(1)   
    The income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments is calculated using the statutory tax rates for the relevant jurisdictions if no valuation allowance exists. If a valuation allowance exists, there is no tax impact to the non-GAAP adjustment. 
     
    46 

     Table of Contents  

47 

Table of Contents  

Item 3:    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. As part of our risk management strategy, we may use derivative financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Our objective is to offset gains and losses resulting from these exposures with losses and gains on the derivative contracts used to hedge them, therefore reducing the impact of volatility on earnings or protecting the fair values of assets and liabilities. We use derivative contracts only to manage existing underlying exposures. Accordingly, we do not use derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We are exposed to interest rate risk through our variable rate debt instruments. In May 2012, we entered into six forward starting pay-fixed, receive one-month LIBOR interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps convert $200 million of our LIBOR-based debt from a floating LIBOR interest rate to a fixed interest rate of 1.00% (excluding the applicable margin on the debt) and were effective from July 31, 2013 to August 8, 2016. 
    
  In October 2015, we entered into an interest rate swap, which is effective from August 31, 2016 to June 23, 2020, and converts $214 million of our LIBOR-based debt from a floating LIBOR interest rate to a fixed interest rate of 1.42% (excluding the applicable margin on the debt). The notional balance will amortize to maturity at the same rate as required minimum payments on our term loan. At   September 30, 2016  , our LIBOR-based debt balance was   $290.9 million  . 
    
  In November 2015, we entered into three interest rate cap contracts with a total notional amount of $100 million at a cost of $1.7 million. The interest rate cap contracts expire on June 23, 2020 and were entered into in order to limit our interest rate exposure on $100 million of our variable LIBOR-based debt up to 2.00%. In the event LIBOR is higher than 2.00%, we will pay interest at the capped rate of 2.00% with respect to the $100 million notional amount of such agreements. The interest rate cap contracts do not include the effect of the applicable margin. 
    
  The table below provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates and the scheduled minimum repayment of principal and the weighted average interest rates at   September 30, 2016  . Weighted average variable rates in the table are based on implied forward rates in the Reuters U.S. dollar yield curve as of   September 30, 2016   and our estimated leverage ratio, which determines our additional interest rate margin at   September 30, 2016  . 

Based on a sensitivity analysis as of   September 30, 2016  , we estimate that, if market interest rates average one percentage point higher in 2016 than in the table above, our financial results in 2016 would not be materially impacted. 
    
  We continually monitor and assess our interest rate risk and may institute additional interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to manage such risk in the future. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
  We conduct business in a number of countries. As a result, approximately half of our revenues and operating expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, which expose our account balances to movements in foreign currency exchange rates that could have a material effect on our financial results. Our primary foreign currency exposure relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions in our international subsidiary operations, the most significant of which is the euro. Revenues denominated in functional  
  
    48 

     Table of Contents  

currencies other than the U.S. dollar were 44% and 47% of total revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with 49% and 51% for the same respective periods in   2015  . 
    
  We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk when we enter into non-functional currency transactions, both intercompany and third party. At each period-end, non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities are revalued, with the change recorded to other income and expense. We enter into monthly foreign exchange forward contracts (a total of   402   contracts were entered into during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ), which are not designated for hedge accounting, with the intent to reduce earnings volatility associated with currency exposures. The notional amounts of the contracts ranged from less than   $10,000   to   $37.9 million  , offsetting our exposures from   the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, and various other currencies. 
    
  In future periods, we may use additional derivative contracts to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
  
    49 

Table of Contents  

Item 4:    Controls and Procedures 
    
           (a) 
    Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures  . An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These disclosure controls and procedures ensure the information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
       
  Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting identified during the year ended December 31, 2015, as disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls to determine whether vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) of fair value could be demonstrated for substantially all maintenance contracts associated with certain software solutions and whether software was essential to the functionality of certain hardware. Management has concluded that the deficiencies identified in our revenue processes and controls, the combination of which represents a material weakness, were also present as of   September 30, 2016  , as our remediation efforts have not yet been completed. 
    
           (b) 
    Changes in internal controls over financial reporting.   In the ordinary course of business, we review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our applications and processes to improve such controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient applications and automating manual processes. We are currently upgrading our global enterprise resource software applications at our locations outside of the United States. We will continue to upgrade our financial applications in stages, and we believe the related changes to processes and internal controls will allow us to be more efficient and further enhance our internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Additionally, we have established a shared services center in Europe, and we are currently transitioning certain finance and accounting activities within all regions to the shared services center in a staged approach. The transition to shared services is ongoing, and we believe the related changes to processes and internal controls will allow us to be more efficient and further enhance our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Except for these changes and the remediation efforts related to the material weakness noted below, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 
    
           (c) 
    Remediation of Material Weakness in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.   To remediate the material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting described above, substantial progress has been made with the following: 
                
    Implementing control design changes; 
                
    Developing a plan to implement operational effectiveness testing during the fourth quarter of 2016; 
                
    Updating revenue recognition policies and procedures; 
                
    Hiring additional resources with revenue accounting expertise; 
                
    Completing training for revenue accounting employees and other employees directly associated with sales contracts; and 
                
    Utilizing external advisers to assist with technical matters related to complex sales contracts. 
       
  When fully implemented and operational, we believe the measures described above will remediate the material weakness we have identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
    50 

Table of Contents  

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1: 
    Legal Proceedings 

Refer to Item 1:  Financial Statements, Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies.  

Item 1A: 
    Risk Factors 

There were no material changes to risk factors during the   third   quarter of 2016 from those previously disclosed in Item 1A:  Risk Factors  of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. 

Item 2: 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

(a) Not applicable. 
    
  (b) Not applicable. 
    
  (c) Not applicable. 

Item 5: 
    Other Information 

(a) No information was required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the   third   quarter of   2016   that was not reported. 
    
  (b) Not applicable. 

51 

Table of Contents  

Item 6: 
    Exhibits 

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description of Exhibits 

10.1 
      
    Amendment to the Itron, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. (filed with this report) 

10.2 
      
    Amendment to Cooperation Agreement with Coppersmith Capital Management and Scopia Capital Management. (filed with this report) 

12.1 
      
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. (filed with this report) 

31.1 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

52 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ITRON, INC. 

November 3, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ W. MARK SCHMITZ 
      Date 

W. Mark Schmitz 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

53 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 itriex-10109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  AMENDMENT TO THE 
  ITRON, INC. EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN  
  As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2012 
    
  WHEREAS,   Itron, Inc.     (the "Employer") has adopted, and currently maintains, the Itron, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Plan"), pursuant to which a select group of management and highly compensated employees of the Company and its designated subsidiaries and affiliates may defer compensation and equity compensation awards; and  
    
  WHEREAS,   the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Employer, pursuant to its authority under the Plan, has amended the Plan to provide a different matching contribution and has authorized the Company to document such amendment; and  
    
  WHEREAS  , the Employer desires to document such amendment in terms of the Plan;  
    
  NOW, THEREFORE,   the Plan is amended as follows, effective January 1, 2017: 
    
  Distributions 
    
           1. 
    Section 5.1 is amended to add the following sentence to the end of that Section: 
       
  "Effective January 1, 2017, an Employee-Participant's Account shall be credited with matching contributions in an amount equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the first six percent (6%) of total Salary and Bonuses deferred under the Plan by such Participant during a payroll period to the extent that such deferred Salary and Bonus exceeds an amount equal to the annual limit under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code earned by the Employee-Participant in the applicable calendar year." 
    
  Except as amended above, the provisions of the Plan shall continue in full force and effect. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the Employer, by its duly authorized officer, has caused this Amendment to be executed as of the 14th day of September, 2016. 

ITRON, INC.  
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Michel Cadieux 
      Name: 
    Michel Cadieux 
      Title: 
    SVP of Human Resources 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 itriex-10209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

CONFIDENTIAL 
    
  SCOPIA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP 
  152 West 57   TH    Street, 33   RD    Floor 
  New York, New York 10019 
    
  Itron, Inc. 
  2111 North Molter Road 
  Liberty Lake, WA 
  Attn: Shannon Votava, General Counsel 
    
  October 25, 2016 
    
  Dear Ms. Votava: 
    
  Reference is made to that certain cooperation agreement (the "Cooperation Agreement"), by and among Itron, Inc. (the "Company"), Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC, Scopia Management, Inc. and certain of their affiliates (collectively, "the Shareholders"), Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz. The Shareholders understand that the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to (i) increase the size of the Value Enhancement Committee (the "Committee") established pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement from five (5) to six (6) independent directors, (ii) appoint Timothy Leyden to the Committee to fill such vacancy and appoint Mr. Leyden as Chairperson of the Committee and (iii) provide that the size of the Committee be reduced automatically to five (5) members upon the completion by Jon Eliassen of his current term as a director of the Company at its May 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and his resulting concurrent cessation as a member of the Committee (collectively, the "Proposed Actions"). Pursuant to Section l(c) of the Cooperation Agreement, the Committee shall be comprised of no more than five (5) independent directors. In accordance with the Cooperation Agreement, the Shareholders hereby waive the requirement that the Committee be comprised of no more than five (5) independent directors and hereby consent to the Proposed Actions. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Cooperation Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. From and after the execution of this letter agreement by the parties hereto, any reference to the Cooperation Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cooperation Agreement and this letter agreement.  
    
  This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington without reference to the conflict of laws principles thereof. This letter agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party (including by means of electronic delivery or facsimile). The terms and conditions of this letter agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the  parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, executors, legal representatives, and permitted assigns.  
    
  [  Signature page follows  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized signatories of the parties as of the date hereof.  
    
                   COPPERSMITH VALUE PARTNERS II, LP 
      By: Coppersmith Capital Partners, LLC, its General Partner 
      By: 
    /s/ Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Name: 
    Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Title: 
    Managing Member 

COPPERSMITH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 
      By: 
    /s/ Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Name: 
    Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Title: 
    Managing Member 

COPPERSMITH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
      By: 
    /s/ Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Name: 
    Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Title: 
    Managing Member 

INDIVIDUALS: 
      By: 
    /s/ Jerome J. Lande 
      
      Name: 
    Jerome J. Lande 

By: 
    /s/ Craig Rosenblum 
      
      Name: 
    Craig Rosenblum 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement] 

SCOPIA LONG LLC 

SCOPIA WINDMILL FUND LP 
      SCOPIA LB LLC 

SCOPIA INTERNATIONAL MASTER FUND LP 
      SCOPIA PX LLC 

SCOPIA PX INTERNATIONAL MASTER FUND LP 
      SCOPIA PARTNERS LLC 

SCOPIA LB INTERNATIONAL MASTER FUND LP 
      SCOPIA LONG INTERNATIONAL  
      
    SCOPIA LONG QP LLC 
      MASTER FUND LP 

By: Scopia Capital Management LP, its Investment Manager 
      
      By: Scopia Management, Inc., its General Partner 
      
      By: 
    /s/ Matthew Sirovich 

Name: 
    Matthew Sirovich 

Title: 
    Managing Director 

SCOPIA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP 
      
      By: Scopia Management, Inc., its General Partner 
      
      By: 
    /s/ Matthew Sirovich 

Name: 
    Matthew Sirovich 

Title: 
    Managing Director 

SCOPIA CAPITAL GP LLC 

By: 
    /s/ Matthew Sirovich 

Name: 
    Matthew Sirovich 

Title: 
    Managing Director 

SCOPIA MANAGEMENT, INC. 
      
      By: 
    /s/ Matthew Sirovich 

Name: 
    Matthew Sirovich 

Title: 
    Managing Director 

INDIVIDUALS: 

By: 
    /s/ Matthew Sirovich 

Name: 
    Matthew Sirovich 

By: 
    /s/ Jeremy Mindich 

Name: 
    Jeremy Mindich 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement] 

Itron, Inc. 
      By: 
    /s/ Philip Mezey 
      Name: 
    Philip Mezey 
      Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-12.1>
 4
 itriex-12109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 

(1)   
    We had no preferred stock outstanding for any period presented and accordingly our ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends is the same as our ratio of earnings to fixed charges for all periods presented. 
       
            (2)   
    Fixed charges   consist of interest on indebtedness and amortization of debt issuance costs plus that portion of lease rental expense representative of the interest factor. 
       
            (3)   
    Interest expense, gross  , includes amortization of prepaid debt fees. 
       
            (4)   
    Earnings for ratio   consists of income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, plus dividends received from equity method investments, less income from equity investees, less income attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
       
            (5)   
    Earnings to fixed charges ratio   is not calculated for years with a   Deficit of earnings to fixed charges   amount as the ratio is less than 1:1. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 itriex-31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Philip C. Mezey, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Itron, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     ITRON, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/ PHILIP C. MEZEY 
      Philip C. Mezey 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 itriex-31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, W. Mark Schmitz, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Itron, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                        ITRON, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/ W. MARK SCHMITZ 

W. Mark Schmitz 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 itriex-32109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report of Itron, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (the Report) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  
    
  Philip C. Mezey, the Chief Executive Officer and W. Mark Schmitz, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certifies that to the best of his knowledge:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ PHILIP C. MEZEY 
      Philip C. Mezey 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
      November 3, 2016 
        
      /s/ W. MARK SCHMITZ  
      W. Mark Schmitz 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 itri-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 itri-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 itri-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 itri-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 itri-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 itri-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

