<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1163199_0001019056-16-001626_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7695243</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83097</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>286308</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2434406</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3549858</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1135763</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001019056-16-001626.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107164833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019056-16-001626
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FNB BANCORP/CA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				922115369
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49693
		FILM NUMBER:		161978725

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		975 EL CAMINO REAL 3RD FL
		STREET 2:		C/O FIRST NATIONAL BANK
		CITY:			S. SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505886800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		975 EL CAMINO REAL 3RD FL
		STREET 2:		C/O FIRST NATIONAL BANK
		CITY:			S. SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001019056-16-001626.txt : 20161107

10-Q/A
 1
 fnb_3q16a.htm

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q/A  

    (Amendment
No. 1) 
     
   Quarterly Report  

  Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of  

  the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For
the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016   

FNB
BANCORP  

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

California  

  (State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:           (650) 588-6800  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No    o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).  x  Yes  o  No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  o   
      Accelerated filer   x  

Non-accelerated filer  o   
      Smaller reporting company   o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o 
No  x   

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Common
Stock as of October 20, 2016: 4,616,901 shares.  

Explanatory Note   

We are filing Amendment No. 1 to Form
10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 to include the XBRL files that were previously excluded in the SEC EDGAR
filing due to a technical error within the XBRL documents. 

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY       

   QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10-Q       

   TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page
    No   
 
       PART
    I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Consolidated
    Financial Statements (unaudited):   

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets   

3   

Consolidated
    Statements of Earnings   
         
      4   

Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive Earnings   
      5   

Consolidated
    Statements of  Cash Flows   
         
      6   

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements   
         
      8   

Item 2.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      36   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      51   

Item 4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures   

52   

PART
    II. OTHER INFORMATION   

52   

Item 1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings   

52   

Item 1 A.   
       Risk
    Factors   

53   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      53   

Item
                                         3.   
              
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   

53   
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   

53   

Item 5.   
       Other
    Information   

53   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   

53   

SIGNATURES   

54   

PART I FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements.   

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY   

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

   (UNAUDITED)   

ASSETS  

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY    

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS    

   (UNAUDITED)   

  (Dollar
amounts and average shares are in thousands, except earnings per share amounts)  

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY    

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS    

   (UNAUDITED)

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY    

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

   (UNAUDITED)

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

FNB
BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY    

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

   (UNAUDITED)

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

FNB BANCORP
AND SUBSIDIARY   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

(UNAUDITED)   

NOTE A  
BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

FNB
Bancorp (the  Company ) is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.
The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on February 28, 2001. The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of FNB Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary, First National Bank of Northern California (the  Bank ).
The Bank provides traditional banking services in San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara counties.  

All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The financial statements include all adjustments
of a normal and recurring nature, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial
position and results of operations for the periods presented.  

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and,
therefore, do not include all information and footnotes normally included in annual financial statements prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December
31, 2015. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. Certain prior
year information has been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. The reclassifications had no impact on consolidated
net earnings or stockholders  equity.  

NOTE B   STOCK OPTION PLANS   

Stock option
expense is recorded based on the fair value of option contracts issued. The fair value is determined using an option pricing model
that considers the expected contract term, the risk free interest rate, the volatility of the Company s stock price and
the level of dividends the Company is expected to pay.  

Measurement
of the cost of the stock options granted is based on the grant-date fair value of each stock option using the Black-Scholes valuation
model. The cost is then amortized over each option s requisite service period. The expected term of options granted is derived
from the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding. The risk free rate is based on the yield of an equivalent
maturity U.S. Treasury note. Volatility is calculated using historical price changes on a monthly basis over the option s
expected life.  

The
amount of compensation expense for options recorded in the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $70,000 and $61,000
respectively. There was no income tax benefit for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The amount of
compensation expense for options recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $227,000 and
$183,000, respectively. There was an income tax benefit of $0 and $154,000 recorded for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. There were no options granted for the first nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
respectively.  

The intrinsic
value of options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,151,000 and $671,000, respectively.. The intrinsic
value for options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $671,000. The intrinsic value for options exercisable
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3,994,000 and $3,042,000, respectively.  

The amount of
total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested options at September 30, 2016 was $817,000, and the weighted average
period over which it will be amortized is 3 . 4 years.  

NOTE C  
EARNINGS PER SHARE CALCULATION   

Earnings
per common share (EPS) are computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Basic
EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net earnings available to common stockholders (after deducting dividends and
related accretion on preferred stock) by the weighted average of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS reflects the potential
dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.
The number of potential common shares included in the quarterly diluted EPS is computed using the average market price during
the three months included in the reporting period under the treasury stock method. The number of potential common shares included
in year-to-date diluted EPS is a year-to-date weighted average of potential shares included in each quarterly diluted EPS computation.
All common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive when a net loss occurs. A 5% stock dividend was declared and paid in the fourth
quarter of 2015. Prior per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the 5% stock dividend.  

Earnings
per share have been computed based on the following:  

NOTE D   SECURITIES AVAILABLE
FOR SALE   

The amortized cost and fair values
of securities available-for-sale are as follows:  

An analysis of
gross unrealized losses of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
follows:  

At
September 30, 2016, there were 6     securities in an unrealized loss position for twelve consecutive
months or more. At the same time, there were 33 securities in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve consecutive months.
Management periodically evaluates each security in an unrealized loss position to determine if the impairment is temporary or
other-than-temporary. Management reviews market rates, the entity s financial condition and any relevant news items or legal/tax/regulatory
changes. The unrealized losses are due solely to interest rate changes and the Company does not intend to sell nor expects it
will be required to sell investment securities identified with impairments prior to the earliest of forecasted recovery or the
maturity of the underlying investment security. Management has determined that no investment security was other-than-temporarily
impaired at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

The
amortized cost and carrying value of available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown
below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations
with or without call or prepayment penalties.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, gross realized gains amounted to $381,000 on securities sold or called for $35,400,000.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, gross realized gains amounted to $250,000 on securities sold for $11,463,000. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, there were no gross realized losses on securities
sold. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, gross realized gains amounted to $140,000 on securities sold for $14,178,000.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, gross realized gains were $29,000 on securities sold for $3,187,000. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, there were no gross realized losses on securities sold.
At September 30, 2016, securities with an amortized cost of $102,449,000 and fair value of $104,857,000 were pledged as collateral
for public deposits and for other purposes required by law.  

NOTE E - LOANS   

Loans are summarized as follows at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Note: PNCI means Purchased, Not Credit
Impaired. PCI means Purchased, Credit Impaired.  

Nonaccrual loans
totaled $6,903,000 and $7,915,000 as of September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015. The difference between impaired loans and nonaccrual
loans represents loans that are restructured, are performing under modified loan agreements, and accruing interest.  

Interest
income on impaired loans of $817,000 and $690,000 was recognized for cash payments received during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. $791,000 was recognized for cash payments received during the year ended December 31, 2015. Interest
income recognized for cash payments received for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $131,000 and $244,000
respectively. The amount of interest on impaired loans not collected for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
was $164,313 and $439,579 respectively, and for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $460,390. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the amount of interest on impaired loans not collected was $86,430 and $284,198, respectively. The cumulative
amount of unpaid interest on impaired loans was $3,844,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $3,405,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2015.   

Modification
Categories    

The Company
offers a variety of modifications to borrowers. The modification categories offered can generally be described in the following
categories.  

Rate Modification
   A modification in which the interest rate is changed.  

Term modification
   A modification in which the maturity date, timing of payments, or frequency of payments is changed.  

Interest
Only Modification    A modification in which the loan is converted to interest only payments for a period of time.  

Payment Modification
   A modification in which the dollar amount of the payment is changed, other than an interest only modification described
above.  

There
were no commitments for additional funding of troubled debt restructured loans as of September 30, 2016. There was one loan
modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. There were no payment defaults during the three and nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015 that were related to receivables modified as TDRs in the last twelve months.  

The following table details modifications
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

The restructuring total above was
a modification of interest rate, and as a result, payment. There was no principal reduction granted.  

Risk rating
system   

Loans to borrowers
graded as pass or pooled loans represent loans to borrowers of acceptable or better credit quality. They demonstrate sound financial
positions, repayment capacity and credit history. They have an identifiable and stable source of repayment.  

Special mention
loans have potential weaknesses that deserve management s attention. If left uncorrected these potential weaknesses may
result in a deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Bank s credit position at some future date.
These assets are  not adversely classified  and do not expose the Bank to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.  

Substandard
loans are inadequately protected by current sound net worth, paying capacity of the borrower, or pledged collateral. Loans are
normally classified as Substandard when there are unsatisfactory characteristics causing more than acceptable levels of risk.
A substandard loan normally has one or more well-defined weaknesses that could jeopardize the repayment of the debt. These well-defined
weaknesses may include a) cash flow deficiency, which may jeopardize future payments; b) sale of non-collateral assets has become
primary source of repayment; c) the borrower is bankrupt; or d) for any other reason, future repayment is dependent on court action.  

Doubtful loans
represent credits with weakness inherent in the substandard classification and where collection or liquidation in full is highly
questionable. To be classified doubtful, there must be specific pending factors which prevent the Loan Review Officer from determining
the amount of loss contained in the credit. When the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, that amount is classified as
 loss  and the remainder is classified as Substandard.  

Real Estate   Multi-Family   

Our multi-family
commercial real estate loans are secured by multi-family properties located primarily in San Mateo and San Francisco Counties.
These loans are made to investors where our primary source of repayment is from cash flows generated by the properties, through
rent collections. The borrowers  promissory notes are secured with recorded liens on the underlying properties. The borrowers
would normally also be required to personally guarantee repayment of the loans. The bank uses conservative underwriting standards
in reviewing applications for credit. Generally, our borrowers have multiple sources of income, so if cash flow generated from
the property declines, at least in the short term, the borrowers can normally cover these short term cash flow deficiencies from
their available cash reserves. Risk of loss to the Bank is increased when there are cash flow decreases sufficiently large and
for such a prolonged period of time that loan payments can no longer be made by the borrowers.  

Commercial
Real Estate Loans   

Other commercial
real estate loans consist of loans secured by non-farm, non-residential properties, including, but not limited to industrial,
hotel, assisted care, retail, office and mixed use buildings.  

Our commercial
real estate loans are made primarily to investors or small businesses where our primary source of repayment is from cash flows
generated by the properties, either through rent collection or business profits. The borrower s promissory notes are secured
with recorded liens on the underlying property. The borrowers would normally also be required to personally guarantee repayment
of the loan. The Bank uses conservative underwriting standards in reviewing applications for credit. Generally, our borrowers
have multiple sources of income, so if cash flow generated from the property declines, at least in the short term, the borrowers
can normally cover these short term cash flow deficiencies from their available cash reserves. Risk of loss to the Bank is increased
when there are cash flow decreases sufficiently large and for such a prolonged period of time that loan payments can no longer
be made by the borrowers.  

Real Estate Construction Loans   

Our real estate
construction loans are generally made to borrowers who are rehabilitating a building, converting a building use from one type
of use to another, or developing land and building residential or commercial structures for sale or lease. The borrower s
promissory notes are secured with recorded liens on the underlying property. The borrowers would normally also be required to
personally guarantee repayment of the loan. The Bank uses conservative underwriting standards in reviewing applications for credit.
Generally, our borrowers have sufficient resources to make the required construction loan payments during the construction and
absorption or lease-up period. After construction is complete, the loans are normally paid off from proceeds from the sale of
the building or through a refinance to a commercial real estate loan. Risk of loss to the Bank is increased when there are material
construction cost overruns, significant delays in the time to complete the project and/or there has been a material drop in the
value of the projects in the marketplace since the inception of the loan.  

Real Estate-1 to 4 family Loans   

Our
residential real estate loans are generally made to borrowers who are buying or refinancing their primary personal residence
or a rental property of 1-4 single family residential units. The Bank uses conservative underwriting standards in reviewing
applications for credit. Risk of loss to the Bank is increased when borrowers lose their primary source of income and/or
property values decline significantly.  

Commercial and Industrial Loans   

Our commercial
and industrial loans are generally made to small businesses to provide them with at least some of the working capital necessary
to fund their daily business operations. These loans are generally either unsecured or secured by fixed assets, accounts receivable
and/or inventory. The borrowers would normally also be required to personally guarantee repayment of the loan. The Bank uses conservative
underwriting standards in reviewing applications for credit. Risk of loss to the Bank is increased when our small business customers
experience a significant business downturn, incur significant financial losses, or file for relief from creditors through bankruptcy
proceedings.  

Consumer Loans   

Our consumer
and installment loans generally consist of personal loans, credit card loans, automobile loans or other loans secured by personal
property. The Bank uses conservative underwriting standards in reviewing applications for credit. Risk of loss to the Bank is
increased if borrowers lose their primary source of income, or file for relief from creditors through bankruptcy proceedings.  

At September
30, 2016, there were no loans 90 days or more past due where interest was still accruing.  

The over 90
days column includes nonaccruals that were over 90 days, but does not include loans that are in nonaccrual status for reasons
other than past due.  

At December 31, 2015 there were no
loans that were 90 days or more past due where interest was still accruing.  

The over 90
days column includes nonaccrual loans that were over 90 days, but does not include loans that are in nonaccrual status for reasons
other than past due.  

NOTE F - BORROWINGS   

Federal Home Loan Bank advances   

As
of September 30, 2016 there were $37,000,000 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances outstanding, consisting of $8,000,000 on an overnight
basis at 0.38%, $7,000,000 at 0.40% due October 6, 2016, $8,000,000 at 0.35% due October 24, 2016 $6,000,000 at 0.26% due October
26, 2016 and $8,000,000 at 0.35% due October 31, 2016.  

Corporate loan   

On
March 27, 2014, FNB Bancorp received funding under a $6,000,000 term loan credit facility. This loan carries a variable rate of
interest that fluctuates on a monthly basis. The interest rate is based on the 3 month LIBOR rate plus 4%. Payments of $50,000
in principal plus accrued interest are payable monthly. The first loan payment was due May 1, 2014. The maturity date on this
credit facility is March 26, 2019. On the maturity date, all outstanding principal plus accrued interest shall become due and
payable. FNB Bancorp has pledged its stock ownership in First National Bank of Northern California as collateral subject to the
terms and conditions contained in the Loan Agreement and the Pledge and Security Agreement. FNB Bancorp retains the right to prepay
this debt at any time upon not less than 7 days  prior written notice to Lender. The proceeds from this loan were contributed
to the Bank as an additional capital contribution. This capital contribution qualified as Tier 1 capital for the Bank under regulatory
capital guidelines.  

NOTE G   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   

The
following tables present information about the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicate the fair value techniques used by the Company to determine such fair value. In general,
fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield
curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. In certain cases, the inputs used
to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy
within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the
fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. Transfers
between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer,
which generally corresponds with the Company s quarterly valuation process. During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
there were no transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy.  

The
following table presents the recorded amounts of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  

The
following tables present the recorded amounts of assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring ba   

Fair Value Measurements      

at September 30, 2016, Using      

Quoted Prices in       

Active Markets       
     Other       
     Significant     
 
     (Dollar amounts in thousands)    
             
     for Identical       
     Observable       
     Unobservable     

Fair Value       
     Assets       
     Inputs       
     Inputs     
 
     Description    
     9/30/2016       
     (Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     
 
     Impaired loans:    

Commercial and industrial    
     $  984       
     $          
     $          
     $  984     
 
     Total impaired loans measured at fair value    
     $  984       
     $          
     $          
     $  984     

The
Bank does not record loans at fair value. However, from time to time, if a loan is considered impaired, a specific allocation
within the allowance for loan losses may be required. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will
not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. The fair value of impaired
loans is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, market value of similar debt, enterprise value, liquidation
value and cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the value of the expected repayments
or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. Impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair
value of collateral or when the impaired loan has been written down to fair value require classification in the fair value hierarchy.
If the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Bank records the
impaired loans as nonrecurring Level 3. When an appraised value is not available, or management determines the fair value of the
collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, the Bank also records the impaired
loans as nonrecurring Level 3.  

Other
real estate owned is carried at the lower of historical cost or fair value less costs to sell. An appraisal (a Level 3 valuation)
is obtained at the time the Bank acquires property through the foreclosure process. Any loan balance outstanding that exceeds
the appraised value of the property is charged off against the allowance for loan loss at the time the property is acquired. Subsequent
to acquisition, the Bank updates the property s appraised value on at least an annual basis. If the value of the property
has declined during the year, a loss due to valuation impairment charge is recorded along with a corresponding reduction in the
book carrying value of the property.  

The Bank obtains
third party appraisals on its impaired loans held-for-investment and foreclosed assets to determine fair value. When the appraisals
are received, Management reviews the assumptions and methodology utilized in the appraisal, as well as the overall resulting value
in conjunction with independent data sources such as recent market data and industry-wide statistics. We generally use a 6% discount
for selling costs which is applied to all properties, regardless of size. Generally, the third party appraisals apply the  market
approach,  which is a valuation technique that uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions
involving identical or comparable (that is, similar) assets, liabilities, or a group of assets and liabilities, such as a business.
Adjustments are then made based on the type of property, age of appraisal, current status of property and other related factors
to estimate the current value of collateral. The value of OREO is determined based on independent appraisals, similar to the process
used for impaired loans, discussed above, and is generally classified as Level 3.   

Fair
Values of Financial Instruments.   

The
following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value disclosures for financial instruments.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents including Interest Bearing Time Deposits with Financial Institutions.    

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and short-term instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value, which
will approximate their historical cost.  

Securities
Available-for-Sale.    

Fair
values for investment securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available,
fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments.  

Loans
Receivable.    

For
variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values
and credit risk factors. For fixed rate loans, fair values are based on discounted cash flows, credit risk factors, and liquidity
factors.  

Other
Equity Securities.    

These
are mostly Federal Reserve Bank stock and Federal Home Loan Bank stock, carried in Other Equity Securities. They are not traded,
and not available for sale, and have no fair market value.  

Deposit
liabilities.    

The
fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, savings, and money market accounts) are,
by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). The fair values for
fixed-rate certificates of deposit are based on discounted cash flows.  

Federal
Home Loan Bank Advances.    

The
fair values of Federal Home Loan Bank Advances are based on discounted cash flows. The discount rate is equal to the market rate
currently offered on similar products.  

Note
payable.    

Fair value is
equal to the current balance. They represent a corporate loan with a monthly variable rate, based on the 3-month LIBOR rate plus
4%.  

Accrued
Interest Receivable and Payable    

The
interest receivable and payable balances approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of their settlement dates.  

Undisbursed
loan commitments, lines of credit, Mastercard line and standby letters of credit.    

The
fair value of these off-balance sheet items are based on discounted cash flows of expected fundings.  

The
Bank has excluded non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities defined by the Codification (ASC 820-10-15-A), such as Bank
premises and equipment, deferred taxes and other liabilities. In addition, the Bank has not disclosed the fair value of financial
instruments specifically excluded from disclosure requirements of the Financial Instruments Topic of the Codification (ASC 825-10-50-8),
such as Bank-owned life insurance policies.  

The
following table provides summary information on the estimated fair value of financial instruments at September 30, 2016:   

The
carrying amount of loans includes $6,972,000 of nonaccrual loans (loans that are not accruing interest) as of September 30, 2016.
The fair value of nonaccrual loans is based on the collateral values that secure the loans or the cash flows expected to be received.  

The following
table provides summary information on the estimated fair value of financial instruments at December 31, 2015:  

The
carrying amount of loans includes $7,915,000 of nonaccrual loans (loans that are not accruing interest) as of December 31, 2015.
The fair value of nonaccrual loans is based on the collateral values that secure the loans or the cash flows expected to be received.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

Forward-Looking
Information and Uncertainties Regarding Future Financial Performance .  

This
report, including management s discussion below, concerning earnings and financial condition, contains  forward-looking
statements . Forward-looking statements are estimates of or statements about expectations or beliefs regarding the Company s
future financial performance or anticipated future financial condition that are based on current information and that are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual operating results in the future to differ significantly from those
expected at the current time. Those risks and uncertainties include, although they are not limited to, the following:  

Increased
Competition . Increased competition from other banks and financial service businesses, mutual funds and securities brokerage
and investment banking firms that offer competitive loan and investment products and competitive market pricing, which could require
us to reduce interest rates and loan fees to attract new loans or to increase interest rates that we offer on time deposits, either
or both of which could, in turn, reduce interest income and net interest margins. These factors could reduce our ability to attract
new deposits and loans and leases.  

Liquidity
Risk . The stability of funding sources and continued availability of borrowings; our ability to raise capital or incur debt
on reasonable terms.  

Possible
Adverse Changes in Economic Conditions . Adverse changes in national or local economic conditions over an extended period of
time could (i) reduce loan demand which could, in turn, reduce interest income and net interest margins; (ii) adversely affect
the financial capability of borrowers to meet their loan obligations, which, in turn, could result in increases in loan losses
and require increases in provisions for possible loan losses, thereby adversely affecting operating results; and (iii) lead to
reductions in real property values that, due to the Company s reliance on real property to secure many of its loans, could
make it more difficult to prevent losses from being incurred on non-performing loans through the sale of such real properties.  

Possible
Adverse Changes in National Economic Conditions and Federal Reserve Board Monetary Policies . Changes in national economic
policies and conditions, such as increases in inflation or declines in economic output often prompt changes in Federal Open Market
Committee ( FOMC ) monetary policies that could reduce interest income or increase the cost of funds to the Company,
either of which could result in reduced earnings. In addition, deterioration in economic conditions that could result in increased
loan and lease losses.  

Changes
in Regulatory Policies . Changes in federal and national bank regulatory policies, such as increases in capital requirements
or in loan loss reserve or asset/liability ratio requirements, liquidity requirements, and the risks associated with concentration
in real estate related loans could adversely affect earnings by reducing yields on earning assets or increasing operating costs.  

Due
to these and other possible uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements contained in this report, which speak only as of the date of this report, or to make predictions based solely on historical
financial performance. The Company also disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this report.  

Critical
Accounting Policies And Estimates   

Management s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation
of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company
evaluates its estimates, including those related to its loans and allowance for loan losses. The Company bases its estimates on
current market conditions, historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
All adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation for the periods presented have been
reflected as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. The Company believes the following critical accounting policy requires significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  

Allowance
for Loan Losses   

The
allowance for loan losses is periodically evaluated for adequacy by management.  

Factors considered
include the Company s loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, current economic conditions, known
adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, regulatory policies, and the estimated value of underlying
collateral. The evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based on the above factors along with prevailing and anticipated
economic conditions that may impact our borrowers  ability to repay their loans. Determination of the allowance is based
upon objective and subjective judgments by management from the information currently available. Adverse changes in information
could result in higher than expected charge-offs and loan loss provisions.  

Goodwill   

Goodwill
arises when the Company s purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net assets of an acquired business. Goodwill represents
the value attributable to intangible elements acquired. The value of goodwill is supported ultimately by profit from the acquired
business. A decline in earnings could lead to impairment, which would be recorded as a write-down in the Company s consolidated
statements of earnings. Events that may indicate goodwill impairment include significant or adverse changes in results of operations
of the acquired business or asset, economic or political climate; an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; unanticipated
competition; and a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of at a loss.  

Other
Than Temporary Impairment   

Other
than temporary impairment ( OTTI ) is triggered if the Company has the intent to sell a security, it is likely
that it will be required to sell the security before recovery, or if the Company does not expect to recover the entire
amortized cost basis of the security. If the Company intends to sell the security or it is likely it will be required to sell
the security before recovering its cost basis, the entire impairment loss would be recognized in earnings as an OTTI. If the
Company does not intend to sell the security and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the security but
the Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, only the portion of the impairment
loss representing credit losses would be recognized in earnings as an OTTI. The credit loss is measured as the difference
between the amortized cost basis and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected of a security. Projected
cash flows are discounted by the original or current effective interest rate depending on the nature of the security being
measured for potential OTTI. The remaining impairment loss related to all other factors, the difference between the present
value of the cash flows expected to be collected and fair value, would be recognized as a charge to other comprehensive
income ( OCI ). Impairment losses related to all other factors are to be presented as a separate category within
OCI.  

For
investment securities held to maturity, this amount is accreted over the remaining life of the debt security prospectively based
on the amount and timing of future estimated cash flows. The accretion of the OTTI amount recorded in OCI will increase the carrying
value of the investment, and would not affect earnings. If there is an indication of additional credit losses the security is
re-evaluated accordingly based on the procedures described above.  

Provision
for and Deferred Income Taxes   

The
Company is subject to income tax laws of the United States, its states, and the municipalities in which it operates. The
Company considers its income tax provision methodology to be critical, as the determination of current and deferred taxes
based on complex analyses of many factors including interpretation of federal and state laws, the difference between tax and
financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities (temporary differences), estimates of amounts due or owed, the timing of
reversals of temporary differences and current financial standards. Actual results could differ significantly from the
estimates due to tax law interpretations used in determining the current and deferred income tax liabilities. Additionally,
there can be no assurances that estimates and interpretations used in determining income tax liabilities may not be
challenged by federal and state tax authorities.  

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   

In
September 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805)  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments . GAAP requires that during the amendment period, the acquirer retrospectively adjust the provisional amounts recognized
at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill. Those adjustments are required when new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the
amounts initially recognized or would have resulted in the recognition of additional assets or liabilities. To simplify the accounting
for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination, the amendments in this Update eliminate the
requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. These amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this Update did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements.  

In
January 2016 FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments-overall (subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities . Before the global financial crisis that began in 2008, both the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) began a joint project to improve and to achieve convergence
of their respective standards on the accounting for financial instruments. The global economic crisis further highlighted the
need for improvement in the accounting models for financial instruments in today s complex economic environment. As a result,
the main objective in developing this Update is enhancing the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial
statements with more decision-useful information. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update address certain
aspects of recognition measurement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this Update is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016 FASB issued ASU 2016-02 , Leases (Topic 842).  The FASB is issuing this Update to increase transparency
and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing
key information about leasing arrangements. The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and
liabilities that arise from leases. All leases create an asset and a liability for the lessee in accordance with FASB
Concepts Statement No. 6, Elements of Financial Statements, and, therefore, recognition of those lease assets and lease
liabilities represents an improvement over previous GAAP, which did not require lease assets and lease liabilities to be
recognized for most leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Principal versus agent considerations
(reporting revenue gross versus net ). The core principle of the guidance in Topic 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle
of the guidance. The amendments clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party
is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity is required to determine whether the nature of its promise
to provide the specified good or service itself (that is, the entity is a principal) or to arrange for that good or service to
be provided by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). When (or as) an entity that is a principal satisfies a performance
obligation, the entity recognizes revenue in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange
for the specified good or service transferred to the customer. When (or as) an entity that is an agent satisfies a performance
obligation, the entity recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange
for arranging for the specified good or service to be provided by the other party. ASU 2016-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 30, 2016 FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) ;  Improvements to employee share-based
payment accounting.  The areas for simplification in this Update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. Some of the specific changes associated with the Update include all excess tax benefits and tax
deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) being recognized as income tax expense or benefit
in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period
in which they occur. An entity should also recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefits regardless of whether
the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. An entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either
estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. ASU 2016-09
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption
of this Update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
June, 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326; Measurement of Credit Losses . The
amendments in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost to be presented
at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized
cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial
asset. The income statement reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected
increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
August, 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments.  This ASU update addresses eight cash flow classification issues related to: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs; settlement of zero coupon debt instruments; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds
from the payment of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate owned life insurance policies, including bank
owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions;
and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principal. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this Update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

Earnings Analysis   

Net
interest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $10,396,000, compared to $9,200,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $31,634,000 compared to $26,461,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was a function of increased loan volume during the two periods.  

The
following tables present an analysis of net interest income and average earning assets and liabilities for the three-and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three-and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.   

(1) Interest
on non-accrual loans is recognized into income on a cash received basis.  

  (2) Amounts
of interest earned include loan fees of $369,000 and $400,000 for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

  (3) Tax equivalent
adjustments recorded at the statutory rate of 34% that are included in the nontaxable securities portfolio are $246,000 and $217,000
for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and were derived from nontaxable municipal interest income.  

  (4) The annualized
net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest earning assets and multiplied by an
annualization factor.  

(1) Interest
on non-accrual loans is recognized into income on a cash received basis.  

  (2) Amounts
of interest earned included loan fees of $1,382,000 and $1,081,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

  (3) Tax equivalent
adjustments recorded at the statutory rate of 34% that are included in the nontaxable securities portfolio are $722,000 and $585,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Tax equivalent adjustments included in the nontaxable securities
portfolio were derived from nontaxable municipal interest income.  

  (4) The annualized
net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest earning assets and multiplied by an
annualization factor.  

The
various components that contributed to changes in net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 are shown in Tables 1 and 2, above. The principal interest earning assets are loans, from a volume as well as from a rate
or yield perspective. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, average loans outstanding represented 68% of average earning assets.
For the quarter ended September 30, 2015, they represented 67% of average earning assets. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, average loans outstanding represented 69% and 68%, respectively, of average earning assets.  

The
taxable equivalent yield on average interest earning assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the quarter ended
September 30, 2015 decreased from 4.30% to 4.14% or 16 basis points. Average loans increased by $116,095,000, quarter over quarter,
while their yield increased from 5.28% to 5.00% or 28 basis points. Interest income on total interest earning assets for the quarter
increased $1,253,000 or 12% on a fully-taxable equivalent basis.  

New
customer deposits have been primarily in DDA, NOW and Money Market accounts during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. The
low rates being offered on term deposits coupled with the possible increase in short term rates by the FOMC are, in part, the
underlying reason for this migration.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, interest income on interest earning
assets increased $5,845,000 on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, while average earning assets increased $196,462,000, or 22%.
Average loans increased by $140,082,000, or 23%. Interest on loans increased $4,861,000 or 20%, while the yield decreased 13 basis
points. The cost on total interest bearing liabilities increased from 0.38% to 0.41%. Time deposit averages decreased $14,831,000
and their yield increased 10 basis points. Money Market deposit average balances increased $79,707,000, or 23%, and their cost
increased $286,000.  

For
the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, the following tables show the
dollar amount of change in interest income and expense and the dollar amounts attributable to: (a) changes in volume (changes
in volume at the current year rate), and b) changes in rate (changes in rate times the prior year s volume). In this table,
the dollar change in rate/volume is prorated to volume and rate proportionately.  

Noninterest income   

The
following table shows the principal components of noninterest income for the periods indicated.  

Noninterest
income consists mainly of service charges on deposits and earnings on bank owned life insurance policy earnings. During the third
quarter of 2016, the Bank sold or had called $14,038,000     of investment securities for a
pre-tax gain of     $140,000.     During the same period
in 2015, the Bank sold or had called $3,187,000 of investment securities for a pre-tax gain of $29,000. During the nine months
of 2016, the Bank sold $35,400,000 in investment securities for a pre-tax gain of $381,000. During the nine months of 2015, the
Bank sold $11,463,000 in investment securities for a pre-tax gain of $250,000.  

Noninterest
expense   

The following
table shows the principal components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated.  

Noninterest
expense consists mainly of salaries and employee benefits. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three months
ended September 30, 2015, it represented 64% and 55% of total noninterest expenses. For 2015, the ACB employee separation costs
are included in the year to date figure. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, it was 64% and 59%, respectively,
of total noninterest expenses. The third quarter of 2015 included acquisition expenses of $1,045,000 related to the acquisition
of America California Bank in September 2015. Acquisition costs include system and estimated system costs, lease termination costs,
and other post acquisition related expenses.  

Provision
for Loan Losses   

There
was a provision for loan losses of $0 and $150,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and a
provision of $75,000 and $225,000 for the three and nine months of 2015.  

The
allowance for loan losses was $10,092,000 or 1.34% of total gross loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $9,940,000 or 1.41%
of total gross loans at September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that management considered
adequate to provide for probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016.  

Income Taxes   

The
effective tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was 38.7% compared to a 16.1% effective tax rate benefit for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, was an effective
tax rate of 37.0% and 27.2%, respectively. Tax preference items which have a significant effect on our effective tax rate include
changing amounts invested in tax-advantaged securities, available Low Income Housing Credits, and amounts of interest income on
tax advantaged municipal debt securities. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $535,000 related
to the settlement with the Franchise Tax Board regarding outstanding Enterprise zone net Interest Deductions claimed between 2005
and 2013.  

Asset and
Liability Management   

Ongoing
management of the Company s interest rate sensitivity limits interest rate risk through monitoring the mix and maturity
of loans, investments and deposits. Management regularly reviews the Company s position and evaluates alternative sources
and uses of funds as well as changes in external factors. Various methods are used to achieve and maintain the desired interest
rate sensitivity position including the sale or purchase of assets and product pricing.  

In
order to ensure that sufficient funds are available for loan growth and deposit withdrawals, as well as to provide for general
needs, the Company must maintain an adequate level of liquidity. Asset liquidity comes from the Company s ability to convert
short-term investments into cash and from the maturity and repayment of loans and investment securities. Liability liquidity comes
from the Company s customer base, which provides core deposit growth. The overall liquidity position of the Company is closely
monitored and evaluated regularly. Management believes the Company s liquidity sources at September 30, 2016, are adequate
to meet its operating needs in 2016 and our liquidity positions are sufficient to meet our liquidity needs in the near term.  

Financial
Condition   

Assets .
Total assets increased to $1,177,548,000 at September 30, 2016 from $1,124,349,000 at December 31, 2015. The increases were primarily
$29,670,000 in securities-available-for-sale and $18,660,000 in net loans.  

Loans .
The Bank was able to grow the loan portfolio during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The loan portfolio breakdown as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows:  

Allowance
for loan losses . Management of the Company is responsible for assessing the overall risks within the Bank s loan portfolio,
assessing the specific loss expectancy, and determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. The level of the allowance
is determined by internally generating credit quality ratings, reviewing economic conditions in the Company s market area,
and considering the Company s historical loan loss experience. The Company s management considers changes in national
and local economic conditions, as well as the condition of various market segments. It also reviews any changes in the nature
and volume of the portfolio. Management monitors for the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in
the level of such concentrations. It also reviews the effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory
requirements. Finally, the Company is committed to maintaining an adequate allowance, identifying credit weaknesses by consistent
review of loans, and maintaining the ratings and changing those ratings in a timely manner as circumstances change.  

A
summary of activity in the allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively,
is as follows:  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was a provision for loan losses of $150,000, compared to $225,000 for the same
period in 2015.  

In
management s judgment, the allowance was adequate to absorb losses currently inherent in the loan portfolio at September
30, 2016. However, changes in prevailing economic conditions in the Company s markets or in the financial condition of its
customers could result in changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs in the future and, accordingly, changes
in the allowance.  

The
allowance is affected by a number of factors, and does not necessarily move in tandem with the level of gross loans outstanding.
Management continues to monitor the factors that affect the allowance, and is prepared to make adjustments as they become necessary.  

Nonperforming
assets . Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans, loans that are 90 days or more past due but are still accruing interest
and other real estate owned. At September 30, 2016, there was $8,249,000 in nonperforming assets, compared to $8,941,000 at December
31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans were $6,903,000 at September 30, 2016, compared to $7,915,000 at December 31, 2015. There were no loans
past due 90 days and still accruing at either date.  

Management
intends to aggressively market our Other Real Estate Owned. While management believes the property will sell, there can be no
assurance that the property will sell quickly given the current real estate market, nor can the expected sales price be accurately
predicted.  

Deposits .
Total deposits at September 30, 2016, were $1,003,457,000 compared to $983,189,000 on December 31, 2015. Of these totals, noninterest-bearing
demand deposits were $285,767,000 or 28.5% of the total on September 30, 2016, and $263,822,000 or 26.8% on December 31, 2015.
Time deposits were $116,496,000 on September 30, 2016, and $125,430,000 on December 31, 2015.  

The
following table sets forth the maturity schedule of the time certificates of deposit on September 30, 2016:  

Regulatory
Capital.  The following table shows the risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 for the Bank:  

Liquidity .
Liquidity is a measure of the Company s ability to convert assets into cash with minimal loss. As of September 30, 2016,
liquid assets were $376,423,000, or 32.0% of total assets. As of December 31, 2015, liquid assets were $341,726,000, or 30.4%
of total assets. Liquidity consists of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, and securities available-for-sale. The Company s
primary uses of funds are loans, and the primary sources of funds are deposits. The Company also has federal funds borrowing facilities
totaling $30,000,000, a Federal Home Loan Bank line up to 30% of total eligible assets, and a Federal Reserve Bank borrowing facility.  

The
relationship between total net loans and total deposits is a useful additional measure of liquidity. A higher loan to deposit
ratio may lead to a loss of liquid assets in the future. This must be balanced against the fact that loans represent the highest
interest earning assets. A lower loan to deposit ratio means lower potential income. For additional information see the Consolidated
statements of Cash Flows in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q.  

Contractual Obligations  

The
Company has certain ongoing commitments under operating leases. These commitments do not significantly impact operating results.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, commitments to extend credit and letters of credit were the only financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk. The Company has not entered into any contracts for financial derivative instruments such as futures,
swaps, options or similar instruments. Loan commitments and letters of credit were $175,701,000 and $167,254,000 at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As a percentage of net loans, these off-balance sheet items represent 23.7% and
23.1% respectively. The Company does not expect all commitments to be funded.  

Item 3.
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  

Market
risk is the risk of loss to future earnings, to fair values of assets or to future cash flows that may result from changes in
the price or value of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in interest
rates and other market conditions. Market risk is attributed to all market risk sensitive financial instruments, including loans,
investment securities, deposits and borrowings. The Company does not engage in trading activities or participate in foreign currency
transactions for its own account. Accordingly, exposure to market risk is primarily a function of asset and liability management
activities and of changes in market rates of interest.  

Changes
in rates can cause or require increases in the rates paid on deposits that may take effect more rapidly or may be greater than
the increases in the interest rates that the Company is able to charge on loans and the yields that it can realize on its investments.
The extent of that market risk depends on a number of variables including the sensitivity to changes in market interest rates
and the maturities of the Company s interest earning assets and deposits.  

Item 4.    Controls
and Procedures .  

(a)     Disclosure
                                         Controls and Procedures .  The Company conducted an
                                         evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
                                         and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934
                                         (the  Act ) as of the end of the Company s fiscal quarter ended September
                                         30, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
                                         of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Chief Financial
                                         Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) and other members of the Company s
                                         senior management. The Company s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
                                         and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) concluded that
                                         the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that
                                         material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files
                                         and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as
                                         and when required and that such information is communicated to the Company s management,
                                         including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, to allow
                                         timely decisions required disclosures. The evaluation did not identify any change in
                                         the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                                         quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
                                         to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.     

Management
of FNB Bancorp (the  Company ) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, and for reporting an assessment of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2016. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparations of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transaction and dispositions
of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and Directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
                                         1.      Legal
                                         Proceedings   

There
are no material legal proceedings adverse to the Company or First National Bank to which any director, officer, affiliate of the
Company, or 5% stockholder of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate or 5% stockholder of the
Company are a party, and none of the foregoing persons has a material interest adverse to the Company or First National Bank.
From time to time, the Company and/or First National Bank are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of business. The Company s management is not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which either it or
First National Bank may be a party or has recently been a party, which will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition
or results of operations of the Company and First National Bank, taken as a whole.  

Item
                                         1A.      Risk
                                         Factors   

During
the course of normal operations, the Bank and the Company manage a variety of risks including, but not limited to, credit risk,
operational risk, interest rate risk and regulatory compliance risk. For a more complete discussion of the risk factors facing
the Bank and the Company, please refer to the section entitled  Item 1A   Risk Factors  in the Company s
December 31, 2015 Form 10-K.  

On
July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Act ) was signed into law. The
purpose of this legislation was to bring about regulatory changes and oversight that would help stop past abuses from recurring
in the future. This legislation gives new powers to the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Bank that they may use in the execution of
their duties as regulators and overseers of the banking industry. It also created a new federal consumer protection agency named
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ).  

All
existing consumer laws and regulations were transferred to the CFPB. This Act is expected to enable regulators to issue numerous
new banking regulations and requirements that have not yet been fully developed or promulgated. The ultimate effect the Act has
on the Company s operations will ultimately be determined by the significance of the new banking regulations that are issued
as a result of the Act.   

Item
                                         2.      Unregistered
                                         Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None.  

Item
                                         3.      Default
                                         upon Senior Securities   

None.  

Item
                                         4.      Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures   

Not Applicable.  

Item
                                         5.      Other
                                         Information   

None.  

Item
                                         6.      Exhibits   

Exhibits    

  31: Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certifications  

  32:
Section 1350 Certifications  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

FNB BANCORP    

(Registrant)   
 
      Dated:    

November 7, 2016. 

By:  
      /s/ Thomas C.
    McGraw   

Thomas C. McGraw   

Chief Executive
    Officer   

(Authorized Officer)   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:   
      /s/ David A. Curtis   

David A. Curtis   

Senior Vice President   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1   

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications   

I,
Thomas C. McGraw, certify that:  

1.             I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FNB Bancorp;  

2.             Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.             Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:  

a)     Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)     Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)     Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)     Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:  

a)     All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)     Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 7, 2016. 

/s/ 
        Thomas C. McGraw   

Thomas C. McGraw  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2   

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications   

I,
David A. Curtis, certify that:  

1.              I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FNB Bancorp;  

2.              Based
on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.             Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)

   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial instruments for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)

   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)

   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors:  

a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 7, 2016. 

/s/ 
        David A. Curtis   

David A Curtis,   

Senior Vice President
    and   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit
32   

    Section
1350 Certifications   

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), each of the undersigned officers of FNB Bancorp, a California corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify
that:  

2.    Information
                                         contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
                                         and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 7, 2016. 
      /s/  Thomas C. McGraw    

Thomas C. McGraw  

Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: November 7, 2016. 
      /s/  David A. Curtis    

David A. Curtis  

Senior Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this statement required by Section 906 has been provided to FNB Bancorp and will be retained by FNB Bancorp
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fil-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fil-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fil-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fil-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fil-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fil-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

