<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1612254_0001659173-16-000674_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>291066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57686</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>4736</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>197160</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001659173-16-000674.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223162725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001659173-16-000674
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EliteSoft Global Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612254
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				471208256
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55240
		FILM NUMBER:		162069188

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT A-9-4, NORTHPOINT OFFICE SUITE
		STREET 2:		NO. 1, MEDAN SYED PUTRA UTARA
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			59200
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60162066315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT A-9-4, NORTHPOINT OFFICE SUITE
		STREET 2:		NO. 1, MEDAN SYED PUTRA UTARA
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			59200

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANDES 3 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140630

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001659173-16-000674.txt : 20161223

10-Q/A
 1
 esgiq210q20160722_rev1.htm
 10-Q/A SECOND QUARTER

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

Commission file number:  000-  55240  

EliteSoft Global Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code:  (503) 830 2918  

Unit A-9-4, Northpoint Office Suite,
Mid Valley City No. 1, Medan Syed Putra  

  Utara, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

- 1 -     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
No    

State the
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of July
27, 2016, the issuer had 12,000,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding.    

- 2 -     

       [TABLE OF CONTENTS]  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I  

Item 1.  
      Condensed   Unaudited   Financial Statements  
       3    
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       16    
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       20    
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       20    
 
      PART II  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       21    
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       21    
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       21    
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       21    
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       21    
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       22    

Signatures  
       23    

- 3 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item 1. Condensed Unaudited Financial
Statements.  

EliteSoft Global Inc.  

  Condensed   Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Contents  

- 4 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed   unaudited financial statements.  

- 5 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed   unaudited financial statements.  

- 6 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed   unaudited financial statements.  

- 7 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

EliteSoft Global Inc.  

    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  March 31, 2016  

  (UNAUDITED)  

1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY AND BASIS
OF PRESENTATION  

 EliteSoft Global Inc., (the
 Company , or  EliteSoft Global ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on June 23, 2014. The Company
was formerly known as ANDES 3 Inc. and changed its name to EliteSoft Global Inc. on March 23, 2015. The Company currently generates
revenue by providing web and IT services to a limited number of clients. The Company provides the following services: (a) Creation
and design of corporate images and materials, (b) Website design and development, (c) Development of e-commerce software for sales
transactions, (d) Supplying required computer hardware to operate online businesses, (e) 24/7 server monitoring, (f) Creation of
social media strategies via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and (g) Video production services for infomercials. 

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation   
The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and should be read
in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s most recent Annual Financial
Statements filed with the SEC on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal
recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim period
presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements which would substantially duplicate the disclosures contained
in the audited financial statements for the most recent fiscal period, as reported in the Form 10-K, have been omitted. 

Use of estimates   
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are based on
historical information, information that is currently available to the Company and on various other assumptions that the Company
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents   
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Cash equivalents are placed with high credit quality financial institutions and are primarily in money market funds. The carrying
value of those investments approximates fair value. 

Accounts receivable 
  Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms, and are stated at the amount
the Company expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically
identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. Management considers accounts receivable to be fully collectible at June
30, 2016. 

- 8 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Revenue recognition 
  The Company derives its revenues primarily from providing web and IT services. Web and IT services revenues consist of
fees from web design, software development, domain and hosting, and maintenance and other services. The Company recognizes revenue
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the price is fixed and determinable and collectability
is reasonably assured. The Company's service arrangements are generally non-cancelable and do not provide for refunds to customers
in the event of cancellations. The Company records revenues net of sales taxes. Revenues from web design, software development
are generally recognized after the projects are completed and when delivery is made or title and risk of loss otherwise transfers
to the customer, and the collection is reasonably assured. Revenues from IT consulting services, domain and hosting, and maintenance
services are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the contract. 

The Company also enters into
arrangements with multiple deliverables that generally include web design and software development, domain and hosting, and maintenance
and other services, with the term ranging from one month to two years. The Company analyzes its agreements to determine whether
the elements can be separated and accounted for individually or as a single unit of accounting in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605-25,  Revenue
Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables,  and Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) 104,  Revenue Recognition .
Allocation of revenue to individual elements that qualify for separate accounting is based on the element s fair value in
accordance with ASC 605 and related revenues are recognized pursuant to the criteria described above. During the year ended December
31, 2015, in one of the arrangements that contain multiple deliverables, the Company acted as an agent in the transaction. As the
agent, it records revenues on a net basis. Customer payments received in advance of the performance of services are recorded as
deferred revenues in the balance sheets, and are recognized as revenue when the web and IT services are rendered. 

Cost of revenues   
Cost of revenues includes all costs associated with the providing website development and IT services for its clients and primarily
consists of subcontracted services. 

Earnings (loss) per share   
Basic earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased
to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities
had been issued. At June 30, 2016, the Company had a $50,000 loan from a stockholder which is convertible on demand. Management
has not determined the conversion rate on this potentially dilutive security at June 30, 2016. 

Stock-based compensation   
The Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in
accordance with FASB ASC 718-10,  Compensation- Stock Compensation , and FASB ASC 505-50,  Equity- Based Payments
to Non-Employees . Costs are measured at the estimated fair value of the consideration received or the estimated fair value
of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of the equity instruments issued for consideration
other than employee services is determined on the earliest of a performance commitment or completion of performance by the provider
of goods or services. 

- 9 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Related parties   
A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company s securities and their immediate
families, (ii) the Company's management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company.
A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related
parties. 

Income taxes   
The Company records income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
Accounting standards regarding income taxes requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation
allowance, if based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the
need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a more-likely-than-not
realization threshold. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative
losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company s experience with
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives. 

The Company recorded valuation
allowances on the net deferred tax assets. Management will reassess the realization of deferred tax assets based on the accounting
standards for income taxes each reporting period. To the extent that the financial results of operations improve and it becomes
more likely than not that the deferred tax assets are realizable, the Company will be able to reduce the valuation allowance. 

Significant judgment is required
in evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining its provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business,
there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Accounting standards regarding
uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is
to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than
not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The
second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits,
of being sustained on examinations. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax
benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. 

Fair value of financial
instruments    The Company follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial
liabilities and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial
statements on a recurring basis. Additionally, the Company adopted guidance for fair value measurement related to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs
(Level 3 measurements). The three levels of fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

- 10 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Level 1   Inputs are
quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at
the measurement date. 

Level 2   Inputs are
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3   Inputs are
unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

The Company does not have
any financial assets or liabilities that are required to be fair valued on a recurring basis. For certain of the Company's
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, amounts
due to related parties and income tax payable, the carrying amounts approximate fair values due to their short maturities. 

Transactions involving related
parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market
dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party
transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. It is not, however, practical to determine the fair value of amounts due from/to related parties due to their
related party nature. 

Foreign currency transactions
and translation    The Company records and settles all transactions in U.S. Dollars based on the current exchange rate
prevailing at each transaction date, therefore there are no translation adjustments at the balance sheet date that should be included
in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Accounting standards
not yet adopted  -    In August 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date . The amendments in ASU 2015-14
defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities,
and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after   December 15, 2016, including
interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the
adoption on its financial statements.  

In November 2015 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which changes how deferred taxes are classified
on the Company s balance sheets and is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. ASU 2015-17 requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current.
Upon adoption, we anticipate no effect on our balances sheets as the Company has no deferred tax assets and liabilities at March
31, 2016 and recorded a valuation allowance reducing our net deferred tax assets and liabilities to zero at December 31, 2015. 

- 11 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes ASC 840, Leases.  This ASU is based on the principle that entities
should recognize assets and liabilities arising from leases.  The ASU does not significantly change the lessees 
recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows from the previous accounting standard.  Leases are
classified as finance or operating.  The ASU s primary change is the requirement for entities to recognize a lease
liability for payments and a right of use asset representing the right to use the leased asset during the term on operating lease
arrangements.  Lessees are permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize the asset and liability for
leases with a term of twelve months or less.  Lessors  accounting under the ASC is largely unchanged from the previous
accounting standard.  In addition, the ASU expands the disclosure requirements of lease arrangements.  Lessees and
lessors will use a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of practical expedients.  The
effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 with early adoption permitted.  Management continues to
assess the overall impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company s financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) . The amendments in this ASU are intended to improve the operability and
understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by amending certain existing
illustrative examples and adding additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. The effective
date and transition of these amendments is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . Public entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2014-09 for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a)
income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement
of cash flows. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its financial statements. 

3.  GOING CONCERN  

 The accompanying unaudited
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has retained earnings of $36,932 as of June 30, 2016. The Company
requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital
through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of
the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations
are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

- 12 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

4.  EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE  

 A reconciliation of components
of basic and diluted net income per common share is presented in the tables below: 

5.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

 In February 2015, a Company
stockholder advanced the Company $50,000 and the cash was received in May 2015. The advance is unsecured, bears no interest, contains
no formal repayment terms and is convertible on demand into shares of restricted common stock. Management has not determined the
conversion rate on this potentially dilutive security at June 30, 2016. The Loan is not yet convertible as the shares are not publicly
traded on an exchange 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2015, Mr. Cornelius Ee, Vice President of the Company, advanced the Company $3,331 for general operating expenses.
The advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no specific terms of repayment. As of June 30, 2016, the Company owed $3,331
(December 31, 2015 - $3,331) to Mr. Cornelius Ee. 

During 2015, the Company
entered into a six-month service contract with ELITESOFT ASIA PTE LTD, a shareholder of the Company, to provide the Company with
website design, development and integration with the Company s CRM Program as well as web-based automated tracking system
for the Company s nationwide operations  customer relation management program. The total contract value is approximately
$414,000. During the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company incurred cost of $331,162 under this contract. Included in accounts
payable and accrued expenses   related party is $206,976 (December 31, 2015 - $10,000) related to this contract.  

- 13 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

6. 
 STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Preferred Stock   
The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of $.0001 par value preferred stock. As of June 30, 2016, no shares of preferred
stock had been issued. 

Common Stock  -
The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
12,000,000 and 12,250,000 shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On March 23, 2016, the Company
cancelled 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company that had been previously issued due to termination of consulting agreement
dated May 1, 2015 and reversed stock-based compensation of $5,000 that was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
The $5,000 was recorded as other income during the six months ended June 30, 2016. 

7.  CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION   

 During the six months ended
June 30, 2016, the Company generated revenues from five customers and one major customer accounted for 96% of the Company s
revenue. The accounts receivable from this major customer was 82% of the total accounts receivable. No other customer accounted
for more than 10% of revenues or accounts receivable. The loss of the major customer could have an adverse effect on the Company s
business, operating results, or financial condition. 

8.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

 Management has evaluated
subsequent events up to and including July 27, 2016, which is the date the statements were available for issuance and determined
there are no reportable subsequent events. 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements   

Information included or incorporated
by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently
uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the Company.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only
as of the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words  believes,   project,   expects, 
 anticipates,   estimates,   forecasts,   intends,   strategy,   plan, 
 may,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely
result,  and similar expressions, and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Additionally, statements
relating to implementation of business strategy, future financial performance, acquisition strategies, capital raising transactions,
performance of contractual obligations, and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements.  In evaluating such
statements, prospective investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties identified in this Report,
including the matters set forth under the captions  Risk Factors  and in the Company s other SEC filings. These
risks and uncertainties could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to
reflect future events or developments. 

- 14 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Although forward-looking
statements in this Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and
factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and
actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those
specifically addressed under the heading  Risk Factors Related to Our Business  below, as well as those discussed elsewhere
in this Form 10-Q. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date of this Form 10-Q. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). You can read and copy
any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can
obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition,
the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We disclaim any obligation
to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

We are an information technology
(IT) web, systems integration and applications solutions company. We combine leading technology and draw upon our experience as
professional IT specialists to create, design, develop and maintain corporate websites, e-commerce, social media strategies, server
monitoring and supply computer hardware equipment on a global basis. We work to achieve this mission by using technology that is
scalable, off-the-shelf, customizable, and communicates a clear message to our clients' target market. We market third-party vendor
software, IT services, and hardware that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to our client's business.
We have also established our in-house research and development (R D) team to focus on ecommerce solutions, mobile payment,
and financial services as an increasing effort for our company to provide full life cycle solutions to clients. The company maintains
an office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, as its primary business focus is obtaining and servicing clients within the Asia-Pacific region. 

During the next 12 months
we anticipate incurring costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports and in operating our business consistent with our business
plan. We anticipate that these costs will be in excess of $20,000, and that we will be able to meet these costs as necessary, through
loans or equity invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. We anticipate allocating the entire amount towards
the filing of Exchange Act reports.  

- 15 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

The Company incorporates
by reference the Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2015 (commonly referred to as the  Super 8 ). See also Part II, Item
5. In further disclosure, several conditions and events cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern.  The Company has retained earnings of $36,932 as of June 30, 2016, has generated revenues and requires
additional financing in order to finance its business activities on an ongoing basis.  The Company s future capital
requirements will depend on numerous factors including, but not limited to, the ability to raise capital through a private offering
of its securities or a public offering through an effective registration statement. Furthermore, the Company s future business
strategy is contingent upon securing and servicing additional credit facilities. We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms.  If financing is not available to us on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue,
develop or expand our operations.  Equity financing could result in additional dilution to our existing shareholders. 

We cannot guarantee we will
be successful in our business operations.  Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns. Notwithstanding these risks, which are inherent in
any company under our current circumstances, the Company believes that it is well-positioned from a management standpoint entering
into its third quarter of 2016. The Company is committed to raising capital in pursuit of its short-term and long-term business
plan, as set forth in its Super 8. 

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth the summary
income statement for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015:    

For the three months ended
June 30, 2016 and 2015, we reported a net income of $31,773 and net loss of $43,741, respectively. The change in net loss between
the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was primarily attributable to the revenue of $272,552 generated during the three
months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to $5,963 during the three months ended June 30, 2015. 

For the six months ended
June 30, 2016 and 2015, we reported a net income of $73,677 and net loss of $46,190, respectively. The change in net loss between
the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was primarily attributable to the revenue of $1,070,685 generated during the six months
ended June 30, 2016 as compared to $5,963 during the six months ended June 30, 2015. 

Revenue - Total revenues
for the three months ended June 30, 2016, were $272,552, compared to $5,963 for the three months ended June 30, 2015. This resulted
in an increase of approximately $266,589 from the comparable period. The increase in revenue is primarily a result of collection
of 30% retainer fee from a major customer. 

Revenue - Total revenues
for the six months ended June 30, 2016, were $1,070,685, compared to $5,963 for the six months ended June 30, 2015. This resulted
in an increase of approximately $1,064,722 from the comparable period. The increase in revenue is primarily a result of completion
of over 50% of the major contract secured in first quarter of 2016. 

- 16 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Operating Expenses - Operating
expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2016, was $40,245, as compared to $47,904 for the three months ended June 30, 2015.
The decrease is primarily attributable to the decrease of $7,659 in general and administrative expense for the three months ended
June 30, 2016. During the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred professional fees of $34,140 and $nil,
respectively. In addition, during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded stock based compensation
of $nil and $43,085, respectively. 

Operating Expenses - Operating
expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2016, was $55,834, as compared to $50,353 for the six months ended June 30 ,
 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to the increase of $5,481 in general and administrative expense for the six
months ended June 30, 2016 due to the increase of $39,592 in professional fess offset by the decrease of $43,085 in stock based
compensation. The Company also recorded $10,800 of salaries and wages as general and administrative expenses for the six months
ended June 30, 2016. Salaries and wages was included in cost of revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources  

Working Capital   

Liquidity is a measure of
our ability to meet potential cash requirements, maintain our assets, fund our operations and other general business needs. Our
liquidity, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond our control.
Our near-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of purchasing our target assets, restoring and leasing properties and funding
our operations. 

Our long-term liquidity needs
primarily of funds necessary to pay for the acquisition and maintenance of properties; non-recurring capital expenditures; interest
and principal payments on our indebtedness; and general and administrative expenses. We seek to satisfy our long-term liquidity
needs through cash flow from operations, long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness, the issuance of debt and equity securities,
and property dispositions. We have financed our operations and acquisitions to date through the funding by members and third party
loans. We believe our current available cash along with anticipated revenues may be insufficient to meet our cash needs for the
near future if we do not receive additional funding. Our assets are illiquid by their nature. Thus, a timely liquidation of assets
might not be a viable source of short-terms liquidity should a cash flow shortfall arise that cause a need for additional liquidity.
It could be necessary to source liquidity from other financing alternatives should any such scenario arise. There can be no assurance
that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to us, if at all. In that event, we would be required to change
our growth strategy and seek funding on that basis, if at all. 

- 17 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Our working capital accounts
consist of cash and accounts receivable. Claims against working capital include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, amounts
due to related parties, and income tax payable . Our working capital may be impacted by factors in future periods, certain amounts
and timing of which are seasonal, such as billings to customers for support services and the subsequent collection of those billings.
The Company had working capital of $82,217 and $13,540 as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Cash Flow Information  

Net cash provided by operating
activities for the six months ended June 30, 2016 was $225,670. Net cash used in operating activities for the six months ended
June 30, 2015 was $3,686. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to the timing of collections
from our customers and the timing of payments to our vendors. 

We did not have any net cash
activity associated with investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $nil and $50,000, respectively. During the six months ended June
30, 2015, the Company received proceeds of $50,000 from issuance of a note payable to a related party. 

Our estimated working capital
requirement for the next 12 months is $60,000 with an estimated burn rate of $5,000 per month. As reflected in the accompanying
financial statements, we had cash of $426,044 on hand on June 30, 2016. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have not entered into
any off-balance sheet arrangements or contractual commitments that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 

For an unlimited period of
time additional funds will be contributed from existing stockholders, including Swee Seong  Eugene  Wong, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors, or another source, in the form of a loan. There can be no assurances that any
loan obtained by another source will be on favorable terms, if at all. 

Item 3. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

We have not utilized any
derivative financial instruments such as futures contracts, options and swaps, forward foreign exchange contracts or interest rate
swaps and futures. We believe that adequate controls are in place to monitor any hedging activities. We do not have any borrowings
(however, our wholly-owned subsidiary does service debt related to the properties owned by the subsidiary), and, consequently,
we are not affected by changes in market interest rates. We currently have sales or own assets and operate facilities in countries
outside the United States and, consequently, we are affected by foreign currency fluctuations or exchange rate changes. Overall,
we believe that our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate changes is not material to our financial
condition or results of operations. 

- 18 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15
of the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated our company's disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period
covered by this report, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information required to
be disclosed by our company in reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company's management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective was due to the presence of the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting which
are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and
(ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of both United States generally accepted accounting principles and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.
Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until the material weaknesses are remediated. 

As described in Basis of
Presentation in this Second Quarter Report for fiscal year 2016, the Company recently determined that a material weakness existed
in the Firm's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2016.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. As a result of that determination, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have since concluded that the Firm's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2016.  

We plan to take steps to
enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan
to implement the following changes subject to obtaining additional financing: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address
inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for
accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out above are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing
to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may
be adversely affected in a material manner. 

Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

- 19 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

 There are not presently any
material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings
are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

The Company incorporates
by reference all prior disclosures for the period identified herein. See Part II, Item 6. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon
Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

The Company incorporates
by reference all prior disclosures for the period identified herein.  

- 20 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

Item 6. Exhibits.   

Incorporated by reference    
 
       Exhibit   
       Exhibit Description   
       Filed herewith   
       
       Period ending   
       
       Filing date    
 
      31.1  
     
         Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant 
         to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

32.1  
     
         Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant 
         to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

33.1  
     
         Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant 
         to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

34.1  
     
         Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant 
         to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      X  

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document  
      X  

101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
      X  

101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
      X  

101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
      X  

101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
      X  

101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Definition  
      X  

- 21 -     

      [TABLE OF CONTENTS] 

SIGNATURES  

 In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

EliteSoft Global Inc.  

By:  /s/ Swee Seong  Eugene 
Wong  

 Swee Seong  Eugene  Wong 

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By:   /s/ Khoo Mae Ling  
Khoo Mae Ling 

 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and
Director 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:  July 27, 2016 

- 22 -     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e311.htm
 CERTIFICATE

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

ELITESOFT GLOBAL, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Eugene Wong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this First Amended Form
10-Q of EliteSoft Global, Inc. for the Second Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s Chief Executive
Officer and I, along with the Chief Financial Officer, Khoo Mae Ling, are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

- 1 -    

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 23, 2016 

By:   /s/ Eugene Wong   

 Eugene Wong 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

- 2 -    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e312.htm
 CERTIFICATE

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

ELITESOFT GLOBAL, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Khoo Mae Ling, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this First Amended Form
10-Q of EliteSoft Global, Inc. for the Second Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s Chief Financial
Officer and I, along with the Chief Executive Officer, Eugene Wong, are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

- 1 -    

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 23, 2016 

By:   /s/ Khoo Mae Ling   

 Khoo Mae Ling 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

- 2 -    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e321.htm
 CERTIFICATE

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

ELITESOFT GLOBAL, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the First Amended Quarterly
Report of EliteSoft Global, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Eugene Wong, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for EliteSoft Global, Inc.,
and will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: December 23, 2016 

By:   /s/ Eugene Wong   

 Eugene Wong 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

- 1 -    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e322.htm
 CERTIFICATE

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

ELITESOFT GLOBAL, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the First Amended Quarterly
Report of EliteSoft Global, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Khoo Mae Ling, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for EliteSoft Global, Inc.,
and will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: December 23, 2016 

By:   /s/ Khoo Mae Ling   

 Khoo Mae Ling 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

- 1 -    

</EX-32.2>

