<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1639068_0001493152-16-015367_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4659178</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70125</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>3379274</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>402135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>393298</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>374439</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015367.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121172657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015367
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hubilu Venture Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001639068
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				473342387
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55611
		FILM NUMBER:		162011197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9777 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 804
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 308-7887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9777 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 804
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015367.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

[X]
 quarterly REPORT under SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For
the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016   

or  

[  ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For
the transition period from ______ to ______    

Commission
File No. 333-204347   

Hubilu
Venture Corporation   

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (310) 308-7887  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

Yes
[X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 230.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

Yes
[X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated file,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
       Accelerated
                                         filer [  ]  

Non-accelerated
    filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes
[  ] No [X]  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  

  PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section l2, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.  

Yes
[  ] No [  ]  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As
of November 21, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s sole class of common stock, $0.001 par value per
share, is 25,426,500.  

table
of contents   

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       3    
 
        Item 1. Financial Statements    
       3    
 
        Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets    
      3   
 
        Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations    
      4   
 
        Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows    
      5   
 
        Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements    
      6   
 
        Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations    
       11    
 
       Results of Operations   
      11   
 
       Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015   
      12   
 
       Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the period from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015   
      13   
 
        Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
       17    
 
        Item 4. Controls and Procedures    
       17    
 
        PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
       18    
 
        Item 1. Legal Proceedings    
       18    
 
        Item 1A. Risk Factors    
       18    
 
        Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
       18    
 
        Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
       18    
 
        Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    
       18    
 
        Item 5. Other Information    
       18    
 
        Item 6. Exhibits    
       18    
 
        SignatureS    
       19    

Part
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
1. Financial Statements  

HUBILU
VENTURE CORPORATION   

     Unaudited
Condensed Balance Sheets   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

HUBILU
VENTURE CORPORATION   

     Unaudited
Condensed Statements of Operations   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

HUBILU
VENTURE CORPORATION   

     Unaudited
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

HUBILU
VENTURE CORPORATION   

     Notes
to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

  September
30, 2016  

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

The
unaudited condensed balance sheets of Hubilu Venture Corporation (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016, and the
condensed statements of operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from March 2, 2015 (Inception)
through ended September 30, 2015, have not been audited. However, in the opinion of management, such information includes all
adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments), which are necessary to properly reflect the financial position
of the Company as of September 30, 2016, and the results of operations for the three-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
and for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from March 2, 2015 (Inception) through ended September 30,
2015.  

Certain
information and notes normally included in condensed financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted, although management believes that the disclosures are
adequate to make the information presented not misleading. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be achieved for an entire year. These condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial
statements and notes to financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and calendar year then ended.  

NOTE
2 - NATURE OF BUSINESS   

The
Company was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on March 2, 2015, under the name Hubilu Venture Corp. and, on
March 4, 2015, filed a Certificate of Correction to change the name to Hubilu Venture Corporation. The Company had limited operations
until June 2015 and since then is implementing a business plan to provide real estate consulting services to clients in the United
States as well as raise capital to make real estate acquisitions. From March 2015 to June 2015, its business activities were limited
to organizational matters and developing a website. In June 2015, the Company signed its first client and began generating revenues
from its planned operations. The Company is currently seeking the acquisition of rental properties and has signed letters of intent
to acquire two rental properties from a related party.  

NOTE
3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The
Company does not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10,  Accounting for
Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for
the current year; and, (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized
in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the
weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  

ASC
740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740-10, a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position taken or expected
to be taken may be recognized only if it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable upon examination,
based on its technical merits. The tax benefit of a qualifying position under ASC 740-10 would equal the largest amount of tax
benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority having full knowledge
of all the relevant information. A liability (including interest and penalties, if applicable) is established to the extent a
current benefit has been recognized on a tax return for matters that are considered contingent upon the outcome of an uncertain
tax position. Related interest and penalties, if any, are included as components of income tax expense and income taxes payable.  

As
of January 1, 2015, we have analyzed filing positions in each of the federal and state jurisdictions where we are required to
file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the U.S. federal and California
as our  major  tax jurisdictions. Generally, we remain subject to Internal Revenue Service examination of our 2015
and Delaware and California Franchise Tax Returns. However, we have certain tax attribute carry forwards, which will remain subject
to review and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities until the statute of limitations closes with respect to the year in which
such attributes are utilized.  

We
believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that
will result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax position have been
recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In addition, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASC 740.
Related interest and penalties, if any, are included as components of income tax expense and income taxes payable.  

Loss
per Share   

The
Company s basic earnings (loss) per share are calculated by dividing its net income (loss) available to common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The Company s dilutive earnings (loss) per share
is calculated by dividing its net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares
adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company's financial instruments as
defined by FASB ASC 825,   Financial Instruments   include cash, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued expenses and derivative liabilities. All instruments are accounted for on a historical cost basis, which, due
to the short maturity of these financial instruments, approximates fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

FASB
ASC 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level
    1. Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;   

Level
    2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and   

Level
    3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which requires the reporting entity to develop its own
    assumptions.   

Derivatives
and Hedging   

FASB Statement
no. 133 provides guidance on determining what types of instruments or embedded features in an instrument held by a
reporting entity can be considered indexed to its own stock for the purpose of evaluating the first criteria of the scope
exception in the pronouncement on accounting for derivatives. Each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether
convertible preferred stock to convert into common stock of the Company contains provisions that protect holders from
declines in the stock price or otherwise could result in modification of the conversion price under the respective
convertible preferred agreements. The Company determined that the conversion feature in the Series 1 convertible preferred
stock issued contained such provisions and recorded such instruments as derivative liabilities. See Note 6, Derivative
Liabilities.  

September 30, 2016 

The fair value for the Company s
Series 1 convertible preferred stock was based upon the following management assumptions as of September 30, 2016: 

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company s financial statements are prepared under the accrual method of accounting. Revenues are recognized when evidence
of an agreement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and goods have been delivered
or services performed.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and
does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact
on its financial position or results of operations.  

NOTE
4 DEPOSITS   

Deposits
consist of amounts paid in advance to the Company s landlord as security for its lease. The balance as of September 30,
2016 is $6,600.  

NOTE
5 PREPAID EXPENSES   

Prepaid expenses consist of amounts paid
in advance for Edgar filing fees that had not yet occurred as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The balance as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is $4,500 and $3,000, respectively. 

NOTE
6 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES  

The Company issued a Series 1 convertible
preferred stock in September 2016, which contains various embedded derivative instruments. The convertible preferred stock contains
a conversion feature that allows the holder, at any time prior to maturity, to convert the preferred shares into shares of common
stock at the lesser of $.050 per share or the average of the last five trading price of the stock prior to conversion. This embedded
conversion feature is not considered clearly and closely related to the preferred stock and results in an embedded derivative
that must be bifurcated and accounted for separately from the preferred stock. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, the Company
has recorded $8,627 as the potential conversion feature as a derivative financial liability. 

Derivative financial liabilities are
initially recorded at fair value, with gains and losses arising for changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations
at each period end while such instruments are outstanding. The liability is being valued using a Black Scholes model. The derivative
financial liability will be recognized upon conversion of the convertible preferred shares when such conversion takes place, if
at al6. See Note 5 for further discussion of the convertible preferred stock and the embedded derivative liability. 

NOTE
7 STOCKHOLDERS  (DEFICIT) EQUITY   

The
Company was formed with one class of common stock, $0.001 par value and is authorized to issue 100,000,000 common shares and one
class of preferred stock, $0.001 par value and is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares. Voting rights are not cumulative and,
therefore, the holders of more than 50% of the common stock could, if they chose to do so, elect all of the directors of the Company.  

On
March 2, 2015, the Company issued 25,000,000 shares of common stock to its founder David Behrend. Mr. Behrend is the Company s
sole director and one of its executive officers. The Company issued this stock to Mr. Behrend at a price of $0.003 per share for
cash of $75,000.  

From
April 7, 2015 to May 7, 2015, the Company sold 235,000 shares of common stock to accredited investors at the price of $0.10 per
share for $23,500 in cash in an exemption transaction under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

  On
                                         May 4, 2015, the Company issued 191,500 shares of common stock for services rendered
                                         at a price of $0.10 per share, which was close to the cash price as disclosed above.
                                         The shares were issued in a transaction under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
                                         1933, as amended, and recorded as stock-based compensation.  

Convertible
Preferred Stock   

Series
A  

The
Company has authorized and designated 100,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock )
but has not yet issued any Series A Preferred Stock.  

The
Preferred Stock has the following rights and privileges:  

Voting   
The holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into
which such shares of Preferred Stock could be converted.  

Conversion   
Each share of Preferred Stock, is convertible at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock, at 333 1/3 shares of common
stock for each Series A Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock is also subject to certain adjustments for dilution, if any, resulting
from future stock issuances, including for any subsequent issuance of common stock at a price per share less than that paid by
the holders of the Preferred Stock.  

Dividends   
The holders of the Preferred Stock in preference to the holders of common stock, are entitled to receive, if and when declared
by the Board of Directors, dividends at the rate of $0.05 per share per annum, in kind, which shall accrue quarterly. Such dividends
are cumulative. No such dividends have been declared to date. In addition, the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to
receive a dividend, in kind equal, to any dividend paid on common stock, when and if declared by the board, on the basis of the
number of common shares into which a share of Preferred Stock may be convertible.  

Liquidation    In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or sale or merger of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive, in preference to the holders of common stock, a per-share amount equal
to the original issue price of $1.00 (as adjusted, as defined), plus all declared but unpaid dividends. 

The Preferred Stock matures on September
30, 2030. 

Series 1 

The Company has authorized and designated
2,000,000 shares of Series 1 convertible preferred stock (the  Preferred Stock ). In September 2016, the Company issued
10,400 shares of Preferred Stock at an issuance price of $1.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $10,400. 

The Preferred Stock has the following
rights and privileges: 

Voting    The holders
of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such
shares of Preferred Stock could be converted. 

Conversion    Each
share of Preferred Stock, is convertible at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock, at the lesser of $0.50 per
share or a ten percent (10%) discount to the average closing bid price of the common stock 5 days prior to the notice of conversion.
The Preferred Stock is also subject to certain adjustments for dilution, if any, resulting from future stock issuances, including
for any subsequent issuance of common stock at a price per share less than that paid by the holders of the Preferred Stock. 

Dividends    The
holders of the Preferred Stock in preference to the holders of common stock, are entitled to receive, if and when declared by
the Board of Directors, dividends at the rate of $0.05 per share per annum, in kind, which shall accrue quarterly. Such dividends
are cumulative. No such dividends have been declared to date. In addition, the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to
receive a dividend, in kind equal, to any dividend paid on common stock, when and if declared by the board, on the basis of the
number of common shares into which a share of Preferred Stock may be convertible. 

Liquidation    In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or sale or merger of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive, in preference to the holders of common stock, a per-share amount equal
to the original issue price of $1.00 (as adjusted, as defined), plus all declared but unpaid dividends. 

The Preferred Stock matures on September
30, 2019. 

In
September 2016, the company issued 10,400 shares of its Series 1 convertible preferred stock at a price of $1.00 per share for
$10,400 in cash to two accredited investors in cash in an exemption transaction under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.  

As
of September 30, 2016, there are 25,426,500 shares of common stock outstanding and 10,400 shares of Series 1 convertible preferred
stock outstanding.  

NOTE
8 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

The
officers and sole director of the Company are involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in
other business opportunities. If a specific business opportunity becomes available, they may face a conflict in selecting between
the Company and his other business interests. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.  

Jacaranda
Investments, Inc., the Company s majority shareholder, who owns 98.32% of the common stock, has orally agreed to provide
additional working capital to the Company. These advances are expected to be unsecured and not carry an interest rate or repayment
terms; however, the shareholder has orally agreed not to seek repayment if he advances any funds until the Company is financially
able to repay him. From March 2016 to September 2016, the Company s majority shareholder advanced the Company $100,000.
These advances are unsecured and do not carry an interest rate or repayment terms; however, the shareholder has agreed not to
seek repayment until the Company is financially able to repay it.  

NOTE
9 GOING CONCERN   

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has not yet established a source of revenues to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as
a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital
to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced
to cease operations.  

Management
intends to focus on raising additional funds for the fourth quarter and in 2017. The Company cannot provide any assurance or guarantee
that it will be able to generate revenues. Potential investors must be aware if it is unable to raise additional funds through
the sale of its common stock and generate sufficient revenues, any investment made into the Company would be lost in its entirety.  

The Company has net losses for the period
from March 2, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2016 of ($237,220). The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure
other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE
10   PROPERTY   

The
Company does not own any property and from on April 1, 2015 to March 6, 2016, an unrelated third party provided office space to
the Company for no cost. Commencing on March 7, 2016, the Company entered into a written lease agreement with a third party, which
expires on February 28, 2017. The lease provides for a monthly rental rate of $2,200 and a $6,600 security deposit.  

NOTE
11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

The
Company has performed an evaluation of events occurring subsequent to September 30, 2016 through November 14, 2016. Based on its
evaluation, there were no transactions to be recorded or disclosed herein, except as disclosed above and in the accompanying notes.  

Forward
Looking Statements   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  in Item 2 of Part I of this report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (collectively, the  Reform
Act ). The Reform Act provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective
information about themselves so long as they identify these statements as forward-looking and provide meaningful cautionary statements
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ from the projected results. All statements, other than
statements of historical fact that we make in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking. The words  anticipates, 
 believes,   expects,   intends,   will continue,   estimates,   plans, 
 projects,  the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
However, the absence of these words does not mean the statement is not forward-looking.  

Forward-looking
statements involve risks, uncertainties or other factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from the future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our management s
beliefs and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Certain risks, uncertainties or other important
factors are detailed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and may be detailed from time to time in other reports we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including on Forms 8-K and 10-K.  

Examples
of forward looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding
our ability to generate operating cash flows and to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. Important assumptions
relating to the forward-looking statements include, among others, assumptions regarding demand for our future products, the timing
and cost of capital expenditures, competitive conditions and general economic conditions. These assumptions could prove inaccurate.
Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations
may prove to be incorrect. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events
anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements include:  

the
    risks of a start-up company;    

management s
    plans, objectives and budgets for its future operations and future economic performance;    

capital
    budget and future capital requirements;    

meeting
    future capital needs;    

our
    dependence on management and the need to recruit additional personnel;    

limited
    trading for our common stock, if listed or quoted    

the
    level of future expenditures;    

impact
    of recent accounting pronouncements;    

the
    outcome of regulatory and litigation matters; and    

the
    assumptions described in this report underlying such forward-looking statements. Actual results and developments may materially
    differ from those expressed in or implied by such statements due to a number of factors, including:    

those
    described in the context of such forward-looking statements;    

the
    impact of competitive products and pricing;    

the
    political, social and economic climate in which we conduct operations; and    

the
    risk factors described in other documents and reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Registration
    Statement on Form S-1/A (SEC File No. 333-204347).    

We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us
to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. We believe these forward-looking
statements are reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based on
current expectations. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law,
we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations  

The
following is management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and is provided as a
supplement to the accompanying unaudited financial statements and notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows during the periods included in the accompanying unaudited financial statements.  

In
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,  Company,   the Company,   us,  and  our 
refer to Hubilu Venture Corporation, a Delaware corporation, unless the context requires otherwise.  

We
intend the following discussion to assist in the understanding of our financial position and our results of operations for the
three-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and for the six-months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period
from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015. You should refer to the Financial Statements and related Notes in conjunction
with this discussion.  

Results
of Operations  

General   

We
commenced operations in March 2015, which, until June 2015, were limited to organizational and business development activities.
We began implementing our business plan in June 2015. We are real estate advisory and consulting company that assists real estate
investor professionals, as well as established companies, with advisory and consulting services focused on providing research,
analysis and acquisition opportunities to them. In August 2016, we launched a real estate acquisitions division, which specializes
in student housing income properties and the development of real estate opportunities located near Los Angeles Metro stations
within the Los Angeles Metro/Subway system. We also executed a purchase contract to acquire Zinnia Investments, LLC, the owner
of a property located at 2909 S. Catalina St. in Los Angeles. Zinnia Investments, LLC is owned by a related party. Our mission
statement is Strategic Growth through Smart Ventures, which is designed to focus us on real estate opportunities that we believe
are recession proof and have limited downside risk, while offering high upside potential in equity appreciation and cash flow.
We will also continue to assist investors and professionals in the early stage analysis of market opportunities and the evaluation
of properties prior to them committing capital for the purchase or the leasing of real estate properties. For our consulting services,
we are focusing our marketing efforts in the commercial markets; however, we are also looking at residential and income producing
markets. We are using the Internet as well as the services of independent sales consultants to market our services to investors
and professionals in Southern California with our primary efforts focused in Beverly Hills and Los Angeles near the University
of Southern California campus. Our real estate acquisitions division will actively pursuing real estate acquisitions near the
University of Southern California campus. We have had limited consulting operations and have limited financial resources. Our
auditors indicated in their report on our financial statements (the  Report ) that  the Company s lack
of business operations and early losses raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Our operations
from March 2015 to June 2015 were devoted primarily to start-up, development and operational activities, which included:  

1.  
      Formation
    of the Company;   

2.  
      Development
    of our business plan;   

3.  
      Evaluating
    various target real estate professionals and investors to market our services;   

4.  
      Research
    on marketing channels/strategies for our services;   

5.  
      Secured
    our website domain  www.hubilu.com  and beginning the development of our initial online website; and   

6.  
      Research
    on services and the pricing of our services.   

Commencing
in June 2015, we engaged our first client, 112 South Eucalyptus Avenue, LLC, which has a related party shareholder, to assist
it in evaluating the best use of its property. We are also in negotiations with Camden Realty Group, a real estate brokerage firm,
to provide consulting services to it and to have it provide brokerage services to our clients.  

We
are offering services to investors and professionals with the mission to assist them in investment and property evaluation strategies
and provide hands-on support to reduce evaluation time and resources and increase the speed for them to determine whether to proceed
with a real estate lease or investment. Besides general property evaluation services, we are offering services to assist the principals
with property development ideas and investment structure.  

In
September 2016, we executed a contract to acquire Akebia Investments, LLC ( Akebia ), owner of the property at 3711
S. Western Avenue in Los Angeles. Akebia is majority owned by related parties. The property is The property satisfies both of
our target markets, being within walking distance of the Los Angeles Metro system and biking distance to USC campus. We also appointed
four new officers to the company:  

Eric
    Klein, VP, Operations   Business Development, 20 years experience   

Tracy
    Black-Van Wier, VP, Investor Relations, 20 years experience   

Stefano
    Coaloa, VP, Real Estate Development, 35 years experience   

Chille
    DeCastro, VP, Marketing, 20 years experience   

In
addition to executing two purchase contracts and expanding our staff, we updated and lauched our website and began marketing the
company on various social media platforms including LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had $3,355 cash on hand and in the bank. Management does not believe this amount will satisfy our cash
requirements for the next twelve months. We plan to satisfy our future cash requirements - primarily the working capital required
for operations by loans from our shareholders or additional equity financing from related or third parties. The additional equity
financings will likely be in the form of private placements of common stock. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has borrowed
$100,000 from its majority shareholder.  

Management
believes that if subsequent private placements are successful, we will generate sales revenue within the following twelve months
thereof. However, additional equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail
to satisfy our future cash requirements.  

If
we are unsuccessful in raising the additional proceeds through a private placement offering, we will then have to seek additional
funds through debt financing, which would be highly difficult for a new development stage company with nominal assets to secure.
Therefore, we are highly dependent upon the success of a future private placement offering and failure thereof would result in
our having to seek capital from other resources such as debt financing, which may not even be available to us. However, if such
financing were available, because we are a startup company with no operations to date, we would likely have to pay additional
costs associated with high-risk loans and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required,
management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing and determine whether the business could sustain operations and growth
and manage the debt load. If we cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement of our common stock or secure debt financing
we would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors in our common stock would lose all of their investment.  

We
have no current plans, preliminary or otherwise, to merge with any other entity although we may consider such plans in the future.  

At
the present time, we intend to seek various investors to obtain additional equity financing. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in obtaining additional capital from these negotiations. If are unable to raise additional capital, we will
either suspend marketing operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Other than as described in this
paragraph and the preceding paragraphs, we have no other financing plans.  

Management
does not plan to hire additional employees at this time. Our officers and directors, as well as independent contractors, will
be responsible for providing consulting services.  

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial
statements for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016
and for the period from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, together with notes thereto, which are included
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues .
Our revenues decreased $2,500, or 100%, to $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,500 in revenues for
the comparable period in 2015. The decrease is attributable to our pursuit of real property acquisitions rather than consulting
engagements.  

Operating expenses.  Operating
expenses include general and administrative expenses, consulting fees, professional fees, rent expense, and business license and
filings fees. In total, operating expenses increased $58,276, or 340.97%, to $75,367 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $17,091 for the comparable period in 2015. The components of operating expenses are discussed below. 

General
    and administrative expenses increased $18,853    , or 75,412%, to $18,878 for the three months ended September
    30, 2016 compared to $25 for the comparable period in 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in business
    licenses and permits, consulting fees, Edgar filing fees, parking and office expenses as well as computer and internet expenses.   

Consulting
    fees increased $22,831 to $22,831 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the comparable period in
    2015. The increase is due to paying various consultants in 2016 to assist with our marketing efforts.   

Professional
    fees increased $739, or 4.33%, to $17,805 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $17,066 for the comparable
    period in 2015. The increase is primarily due to a decrease in legal and accounting fees offset by $2,264 in Edgar filing
    fees, which are now included in general and administrative expenses.   

Rent
    expense increased $6,600 to $6,600 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the comparable period
    in 2015. The increase is due to the Company entering into a lease agreement with a third party landlord.   

Business
    license and filing fees increased $626 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the comparable period
    in 2015. The increase is due to the payment of business license fees.   

Derivative
    liability expense increased $8,627 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the comparable period
    in 2015. The increase is due to the embedded liability for the conversion of the Company s Series 1 convertible preferred
    stock.   

Net loss.  Our
net loss increased $60,776, or 404.09%, to $75,367 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $14,591 for the comparable
period in 2015. The increase is attributable to the expenses discussed above. 

Nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the period from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015  

Revenues .
Our revenues decreased $700, or 28.00% to $1,800 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,500 for the period
from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015. The decrease is due to the fees in 2015 from an additional consulting
client.  

Operating expenses.  Operating
expenses include general and administrative expenses, consulting fees, professional fees, rent expense, and business license and
filings fees, and stock-based compensation. In total, operating expenses increased $72,603, or 95.85%, to $146,265 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $73,662 for the period from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015. The
components of operating expenses are discussed below. 

Net loss.  Our
net loss increased $73,303, or 103.01%, to $144,465 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $71,162 for the period
from March 2, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015. The increase is attributable to the expenses discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 10,400 shares of a Series 1 preferred at $1.00
per share for $10,400 and we borrowed $100,000 from our majority shareholder, which it advanced to us interest free. We intend
to seek additional financing for our working capital, in the form of equity or debt, to provide us with the necessary capital
to accomplish our plan of operation. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to raise additional capital.  

Our total assets are $14,455 as of September
30, 2016, consisting of $3,355 in cash, $6,600 in deposits and $4,500 in prepaid expenses. 

Our working capital deficit was $109,170 as
of September 30, 2016. 

Our total liabilities are $123,625 as of September
30, 2016. 

Our total stockholders  deficit was $109,170
as of September 30, 2016, and an accumulated deficit of $237,220 as of September 30, 2016. 

We had $128,940 in net cash used in operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which included $144,465 in net loss, which amount was offset by $14,998
in accounts payable and $8,627 in derivative liabilities and increased by $6,600 in deposits and $1,500 in prepaid expenses. 

We
had no cash provided by investing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

We
had $110,400 in cash provided by financing activities the three months ended September 30, 2016, which was due to $10,400 from
the issuance of a Series 1 preferred and $100,000 in related party advances.  

The
Company had no formal long-term lines or credit or other bank financing arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

The
Company has no current plans for the purchase or sale of any plant or equipment.  

The
Company has no current plans to make any changes in the number of employees.  

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit)   

The
Company has a prospective income tax benefit resulting from a net operating loss carry forward and startup costs that may offset
any future operating profit.  

Impact
of Inflation   

The
Company believes that inflation has had a negligible effect on operations over the past quarter.  

Capital
Expenditures   

The
Company expended no amounts on capital expenditures for the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

Plan
of Operation   

Our
plan of operations, now that we have completed our registration statement and obtained our symbol, is as follows:  

Expand
and Enhance Our Website   

Time
Frame: 1 st  to 3 rd  months.  

  Material
costs: $6,000 to $8,700.  

We
intend to further develop and enhance our website. Our sole director and president, David Behrend, will be in charge of overseeing
the further development and expansion of our website and the consulting and advisory services we intend to offer. We hired a web
designer to help us with the development and functionality of the website and intend to continue to enhance it. We do not have
any written agreements with any web designers at current time. The website expansion costs, including site design and implementation
will be approximately $3,000 to $5,000. Updating and improving our website will continue throughout the lifetime of our operations.  

Negotiate
agreements with potential referral sources and clients   

Time
Frame: 3 rd  to 6 th .  

  No
material costs.  

Now
that our website is operational, we have contacted and started negotiations with potential clients and referral sources. In June
2015, we engaged our first client. We will negotiate terms and conditions of collaboration. At the beginning, we plan to focus
primarily on local advisors such as attorneys, accountants, insurance agents, title officers and financial planners. We do not
expect to compensate any referral sources and will offer reciprocal referrals to any source that is willing to refer us clients;
however, we may decide to compensate referral sources on a case-by-case basis. Then we plan to expand our target market to other
service providers and investment professionals such as investment bankers. This activity will be ongoing throughout our operations.
Even though the negotiation with potential customers and referral sources will be ongoing during the life of our operations, we
cannot guarantee that we will be able to find successful agreements, in which case our business may fail and we will have to cease
our operations. We do not expect to enter into formal written agreements with our referral sources and intend for these agreements
to be oral. We intend to enter into real estate consulting agreements with our clients that will set forth the scope of services
we agree to with these clients and provide for the hourly or flat rate billing arrangements.  

In
the future, when/if we have available resources, operating history and experience, we plan to contact larger referrals sources
that have more established clients. However, we anticipate encountering many market barriers in becoming a service provider to
clients of large established professionals. Our competitors have gained customer loyalty and brand identification through their
long-standing advertising and customer service efforts. This creates a barrier to market entry by forcing us to spend time and
money to differentiate our product in the marketplace and overcome these loyalties. The large established service providers may
require capital investments in personnel. Considering our lack of operating history and experience in being a real estate consulting
firm, we may never become a consultant to large established clients.  

Commence
Marketing Campaign   

Time
Frame: 6 th -  12 th  months.  

  Material
costs: $10,000-$15,000.  

We
intend to use marketing strategies, such as web advertisements, direct mailing, and phone calls to acquire potential customers.
We also plan to attend trade shows in real estate and consulting to showcase our services with a view to find new customers. We
believe that we should begin to see results from our marketing campaign within 120 days from its initiation. We also will use
Internet promotion tools on real estate and consulting websites as well as on Facebook and Twitter to advertise our services.
We intend to spend from $10,000-$20,000 on marketing efforts during the first year. Marketing is an ongoing matter that will continue
during the life of our operations. Our campaign will consist of soliciting clients by offering to provide real estate consulting
services to clients with an emphasis on research and analysis.  

Even
if we are able to obtain sufficient number of consulting agreements at the end of the twelve-month period, there is no guarantee
that we will be able to attract and more importantly retain enough customers to justify our expenditures. If we are unable to
generate a significant amount of revenue and to successfully protect ourselves against those risks, then it would materially affect
our financial condition and our business could be harmed.  

Hire
a Salesperson or Independent Contractors   

Time
Frame: 6 th -12 th  months.  

  Material
costs: $11,500-14,000.  

We
eventually intend to hire one consultant with good knowledge and broad connections in the real estate consulting industry to introduce
our services. The salesperson s job would be to find new potential clients, and to set up agreements with customers and
referral sources to engage our consulting services. The negotiation of additional agreements with potential customers will be
ongoing during the life of our operations.  

In
summary, during 1 st -6 th  month we should have developed our website. After this point we should be ready
to start more significant operations and start selling our consulting services. During months 6-12 we will be developing our marketing
campaign. There is no assurance that we will generate any revenue in the first 12 months after completion our offering or ever
generate any revenue.  

David
Behrend, our president, will be devoting 40 hours per week to our operations. Mr. Behrend is a broker with Camden Realty has orally
agreed to limit his responsibilities at Camden Realty to providing brokerage services to customers that do not require consulting
services outside of the time he devotes to our operations.  

Estimated
Expenses for the Next Twelve Months   

The
following provides an overview of our estimated expenses to fund our plan of operation for the next twelve months. We estimate
these expense to be approximately $100,000 as follow:  

We
anticipate that the minimum additional capital necessary to fund our planned operations in this case for the 12-month period will
be approximately $100,000 and will be needed for general administrative expenses, business development, marketing costs and costs
associated with being a publicly reporting company. As a result, we will need to seek additional funding in the near future. The
most likely source of this additional capital is through the sale of additional shares of common stock or advances from our sole
director, our other director or our shareholders. Mr. Behrend, our sole director, through our majority shareholder, which he controls,
has orally agreed to advance us any necessary capital. However, he has no firm commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to
advance or loan funds to the Company.  

If
we are able to successfully complete the above goals within the estimated timeframes set forth and are able to raise proceeds
additional proceeds that may be needed to secure additional personnel and marketing funds, those funds would be allocated as follows:    

Our
management may hire full or part- time employees or independent contractors over the next six (6) months; however, at the present,
the services provided by our officers and director appears sufficient at this time. We believe that our operations are currently
on a small scale that is manageable by these two individuals and can be supplemented by engaging independent contractors. Our
management s responsibilities are mainly administrative at this early stage. While we believe that the addition of employees
is not required over the next six (6) months, the professionals we plan to utilize may be independent contractors. We do not intend
to enter into any employment agreements with any of these professionals. Thus, these persons are not intended to be employees
of our company.  

Our
management does not expect to incur any material research costs in the next twelve months; we currently do not own any plants
or equipment that we would seek to sell in the near future; we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements; and we have not
paid for expenses on behalf of our officer or directors. Additionally, we believe that this fact shall not materially change.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

None.  

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

Our
financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (  GAAP  ). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.  

Use
of Estimates:   

Areas
where significant estimation judgments are made and where actual results could differ materially from these estimates are the
carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources and the classification of net
operating loss and tax credit carry forwards.  

We
believe the following is among the most critical accounting policies that impact our financial statements: We evaluate impairment
of our long-lived assets by applying the provisions of SFAS No. 144. In applying those provisions, we have not recognized any
impairment charge on our long-lived assets during the three-months ended September 30, 2016.  

We
suggest that our significant accounting policies, as described in our financial statements in the Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies, be read in conjunction with this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

As
a   smaller reporting company   as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information
required by this item.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We
conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q were effective at a reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.  

(b)
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, there has been no change in internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings  

None.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors  

As
a   smaller reporting company   as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information
required by this item.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

September
2016  

In
September 2016, the company issued 10,400 shares of its Series 1 convertible preferred stock at a price of $1.00 per share for
$10,400 in cash to two accredited investors in cash in an exemption transaction under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None.  

Item
5. Other Information  

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits  

(a)  
      The
    following exhibits are filed with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q or are incorporated herein by reference:   

Exhibit  

Number  
         
      Description   

4.1 
       
     Certificate of Designations of 5% Voting, Cumulative
    Convertible Series A Preferred Stock  

4.2 
       
     Certificate of Designations of 5% Voting, Cumulative
    Convertible Series 1 Preferred Stock  

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934*.   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934*.   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002*.   

32.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002*.   

*  
         
      Filed
    herewith.   

SignatureS  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

HUBILU
    VENTURE CORPORATION   

November
    21, 2016  
       /s/
    David Behrend    

David
    Behrend   

Chairman
    and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial
    Officer)   

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 ex4-2.htm

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a)
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Behrend, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Hubilu Venture Corporation (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements
and other financial information included in this quarterly report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
       /s/ David Behrend    

David Behrend   

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a)
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Behrend, Chief Financial Officer of
Hubilu Venture Corporation, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Hubilu Venture Corporation (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements
and other financial information included in this quarterly report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
       /s/ David Behrend    

David Behrend   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hubilu Venture Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( Report ), I, David Behrend, the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
       /s/ David Behrend    

David Behrend   

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hubilu Venture Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( Report ), I, David Behrend, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
       /s/ David Behrend    

David Behrend   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 22
 hubil-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 hubil-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 24
 hubil-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 hubil-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 26
 hubil-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 27
 hubil-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

