<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1680048_0001144204-16-134293_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3006602</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>372649</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>172849</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>696313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1061586</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>614199</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>94</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134293.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134293
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MUSTANG BIO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001680048
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				473828760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0312

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55668
		FILM NUMBER:		161995534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 GANSEVOORT STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7816524507

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 GANSEVOORT STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134293.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452461_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

  x   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OF 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

From the transition period from __________
to__________.  

Commission File Number 000-55668  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  (Exact name of small
business issuer as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
       
      47-3828760   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   

(IRS Employer  
          Identification No.)    

2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor  

  New York, New York 10014  

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(781) 652-4500  

  (Issuer s telephone number)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      x       No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       x         No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

As of November 14, 2016, there were 13,080,547 shares of Common
Stock of the issuer outstanding. 

MUSTANG
BIO, INC.  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
     3  

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
     3  

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended
    September 30, 2016 and for the Three Months and the Period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015
    (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Statement of Stockholders' (Deficit) Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     5  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and  for the Three Months and the Period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 (unaudited)  
     6  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)     
     7  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     17  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     20  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     20  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     21  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     21  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     45  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     45  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     45  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     45  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     46  

Signatures  
     47  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

 ($ in thousands, except for share and per
share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

 ($ in thousands, except for share and per
share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY (DEFICIT)   

  (Unaudited)  

 ($ in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

 ($ in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed financial statements.  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Note 1 - Organization and Plan of
Business Operations  

Mustang Bio, Inc. (the  Company 
or  Mustang ) was incorporated in Delaware on March 13, 2015, as a majority-owned subsidiary of Fortress Biotech, Inc.
( Fortress  or  Parent ) and commenced its principal operations on March 13, 2015. Mustang was formed as
a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy
products designed to utilize the power of the patient s own immune system to eliminate cancer cells. The Company may acquire
rights to these technologies by licensing the rights or otherwise acquiring an ownership interest in the technologies, funding
their research and development and eventually either out-licensing or bringing the technologies to market. 

Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) engineered
T-cells (CAR-T) technology   

In March 2015, Mustang entered into an
exclusive license and sponsored research agreement with the City of Hope National Medical Center ( COH ), collectively
referred to as  COH Agreements , to acquire CAR-T. CAR-T uses the patient s own T-cells to engage and destroy
specific tumors. The process involves selecting specific T-cell subtypes, genetically engineering them to express chimeric antigen
T cell receptors and placing them back in the patient where they recognize and destroy cancer cells. The exclusive license agreement
covers the discovery, manufacture and clinical development of novel CAR-T along with specified rights to any and all inventions. 

Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim condensed financial statements reflect
all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for
the periods presented.  They may not include all of the information and footnotes required
by GAAP for complete financial statements . Therefore, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
Company's audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were dated July 27, 2016,
and were included in the Company s Form 10 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on
July 28, 2016, which Form 10 was amended and restated on October 18, 2016. The results of operations for any interim periods are
not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year or any other interim period. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Research and Development Costs   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed
when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. Upfront and milestone
payments due to third parties that perform research and development services on the Company s behalf will be expensed as
services are rendered or when the milestone is achieved. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Research and development costs primarily
consist of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation,
payments made to third parties for license and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to
third party contract research organizations for preclinical and clinical studies, investigative sites for clinical trials, consultants,
the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial materials, costs associated with regulatory filings, laboratory costs and
other supplies. 

Costs incurred in obtaining technology
licenses are charged to research and development expense if the technology licensed has not reached commercial feasibility and
has no alternative future use. The licenses purchased by the Company require substantial completion of research and development,
regulatory and marketing approval efforts in order to reach commercial feasibility and have no alternative future use. Accordingly,
the total purchase price for the licenses acquired is reflected as research and development - licenses acquired on the Company s
unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations. 

Annual Equity Fee   

Prior to the July 2016 amendment to the
Founder s Agreement, Fortress was entitled to an annual fee on each anniversary date equal to 2.5% of the fully diluted outstanding
equity of the Company, payable in Mustang Class B Common Stock ( Annual Equity Fee ). The annual equity fee was part
of consideration payable for formation of the Company and identification of certain assets. 

The Company recorded the Annual Equity
Fee in connection with the Founders Agreement with Mustang as contingent consideration. Contingent consideration is recorded when
probable and reasonably estimable. The Company s future share prices cannot be estimated due to the nature of its assets
and the Company s stage of development. Due to these uncertainties, the Company concluded that it could not reasonably estimate
the contingent consideration until shares were actually issued on March 13, 2016. Because the issuance of shares on March 13, 2016
occurred prior to the issuance of the December 31, 2015 financial statements, the Company recorded approximately $190,000 in research
and development - licenses acquired during the year ended December 31, 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the Mustang Founders Agreement,
as amended in July 2016, this equity fee is no longer payable. 

Fair Value Measurement   

The Company follows accounting guidance
on fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Under the accounting
guidance, fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. 

The accounting guidance requires fair value
measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1: Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Observable inputs other
than Level 1 prices, for similar assets or liabilities that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs
which are supported by little or no market activity and that are financial instruments whose values are determined using pricing
models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value
requires significant judgment or estimation. 

The fair value hierarchy also requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. 

Valuation of Warrant Related to NSC Note   

In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging , the Company classified the fair value of the warrant
( Contingently Issuable Warrants ) that was granted in connection with the NSC Note transferred to the Company on July
5, 2016 as a derivative liability as there was a potential that the Company would not have a sufficient number of authorized common
shares available to settle this instrument. The Company valued these Contingently Issuable Warrants using a Black-Scholes model
and used estimates for an expected dividend yield, a risk-free interest rate, and expected volatility together with management s
estimate of the probability of issuance of the Contingently Issuable Warrants. At each reporting period, as long as the Contingently
Issuable Warrants are potentially issuable and there is a potential for an insufficient number of authorized shares available to
settle the Contingently Issuable Warrants, the Contingently Issuable Warrants will be revalued and any difference from the previous
valuation date would be recognized as a change in fair value in the Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Income Taxes   

For purposes of these financial statements,
the Company s income tax expense and deferred tax balances have been recorded as if it filed tax returns on a stand-alone
basis separate from Fortress. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities measured at the enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which these items are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances
if, based on the consideration of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
asset will not be realized. 

Net Loss per Share   

Net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Since dividends are declared, paid and
set aside among the holders of shares of common stock and Class A Common Stock pro-rata on an as-if-converted
basis, the two-class method of computing net loss per share is not required. Diluted net loss per share does not reflect the effect
of shares of common stock to be issued upon the exercise of warrants or outstanding Class A preferred shares, as their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive. There are 670,191 warrants outstanding and 250,000 Class A preferred shares outstanding as of September
30, 2016 and none outstanding as of September 30, 2015, respectively which are excluded from the computations of net loss per share. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards    

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
- Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective
of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the
statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact of this new pronouncement on its condensed statements of cash flows. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customer   ( ASU 2016-10 ) . The
new guidance is an update to ASC 606 and provides clarity on: identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation.
For public companies, ASU 2016-10 is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning
after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-10 will have on its condensed financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  
( ASU 2016-09 ) . Under ASU 2016-09, companies will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies
in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ). Instead, they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income
tax expense or benefit in the income statement and the APIC pools will be eliminated. In addition, ASU 2016-09 eliminates the requirement
that excess tax benefits be realized before companies can recognize them. ASU 2016-09 also requires companies to present excess
tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. Furthermore, ASU 2016-09
will increase the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception to liability
classification for shares used to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation. An employer with a
statutory income tax withholding obligation will now be allowed to withhold shares with a fair value up to the amount of taxes
owed using the maximum statutory tax rate in the employee s applicable jurisdiction(s). ASU 2016-09 requires a company to
classify the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as
a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. Under current GAAP, it was not specified how these cash flows should be classified.
In addition, companies will now have to elect whether to account for forfeitures on share-based payments by (1) recognizing forfeitures
of awards as they occur or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely
to change, as is currently required. The Amendments of this ASU are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016, with early adoption permitted but all of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently assessing
the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on its condensed financial statements. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 )  which supersedes FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 840,  Leases (Topic 840)  and provides principles for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors. The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach,
classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed
purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method
or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset
and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than twelve months regardless of classification. Leases with a term
of twelve months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. The standard is effective for
annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted upon issuance. The Company is currently
evaluating the method of adoption and the impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its financial statements. When adopted, the Company
does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its condensed financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU
2016-01 ) .  ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by
requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose
the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments
measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring
the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive
income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit
risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial
instruments; requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial
assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements and clarifies that an entity should evaluate
the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s
other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-01
will have on its balance sheet or financial statement disclosures. When adopted, the Company does not expect this guidance to have
a material impact on its condensed financial statements. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements   

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ), which requires debt issuance costs
to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent
with the presentation of a debt discount. ASU 2015-03 is effective for the interim and annual periods ending after December 15,
2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 on March 31, 2015. The adoption did not have an impact on
the financial statements or related disclosures. 

Note 3 - COH Agreements  

On March 17, 2015, the Company entered
into an exclusive license agreement with COH to acquire intellectual property rights pertaining to CAR-T. Pursuant to the agreement,
the Company paid COH an upfront fee of $2.0 million, in April 2015 (included in  research and development-licenses acquired expenses 
on the Condensed Statements of Operations), and granted 1,000,000 shares of Mustang s Class A Common Stock, representing
10% ownership of Mustang, as of such date. Additional payments totaling $2.0 million are due upon the completion of two financial
milestones, and payments totaling $14.5 million are due upon the completion of six development goals. Future mid-single digit royalty
payments are due on net sales of licensed products, with a minimum annual royalty of $1.0 million. The Company valued the stock
grant to COH utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a
lack of marketability of 44.8% and a weighted average cost of capital of 30%, resulting in a $0.147 value per share or approximately
$147,000 and is included in  research and development-licenses acquired expenses  on the Condensed Statements of Operations. 

In addition, the Company entered into a
sponsored research agreement with COH in which the Company will fund continued research in the amount of $2.0 million per year,
payable in four equal installments, over the next five years. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded $0.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively, in research and development expenses on the Condensed Statements of Operations.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, the Company
recorded $1.5 million and $1.0 million, respectively, in research and development expenses on the Condensed Statements of Operations. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Note 4 - Related Party Agreements  

Founders Agreement and Management
Services Agreement with Fortress   

Effective March 13, 2015, the Company entered
a Founders Agreement with Fortress, which was amended and restated on May 17, 2016 and again on July 26, 2016 (the  Mustang
Founders Agreement ). The Mustang Founders Agreement provides that, in exchange for the time and capital expended in the
formation of Mustang and the identification of specific assets the acquisition of which resulted in the formation of a viable emerging
growth life science company, Fortress loaned the Company $2.0 million, representing the up-front fee required to acquire the Company s
license agreement with COH. The Mustang Founders Agreement has a term of 15 years, which upon expiration automatically renews for
successive one-year periods unless terminated by Fortress and the Company or a Change in Control (as defined in the Mustang Founders
Agreement) occurs. Concurrently with the second amendment to the Mustang Founders Agreement, Fortress entered into an Exchange
Agreement whereby Fortress exchanged its 7.25 million Class B Common shares for 7.0 million common shares and 250,000 Class A Preferred
shares. Class A Preferred Stock is identical to common stock other than as to voting rights, conversion rights and the PIK Dividend
right (as described below). Each share of Class A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote the number of votes that is equal to
one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A) the shares of outstanding Mustang common stock
and (B) the whole shares of Mustang common stock into which the shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class A Preferred
Stock are convertible and the denominator of which is the number of shares of outstanding Class A Preferred Stock. Thus, the Class
A Preferred Stock will at all times constitute a voting majority. Each share of Class A Preferred Stock is convertible, at Fortress 
option, into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock, subject to certain adjustments. As the holder of Class A Preferred
Stock, Fortress will receive on each March 13 (each a  PIK Dividend Payment Date ) until the date all outstanding Class
A Preferred Stock is converted into common stock or redeemed (and the purchase price is paid in full), pro rata per share dividends
paid in additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock ( PIK Dividends ) such that the aggregate number
of shares of common stock issued pursuant to such PIK Dividend is equal to two and one-half percent (2.5%) of Mustang s fully-diluted
outstanding capitalization on the date that is one business day prior to any PIK Dividend Payment Date. 

As additional consideration under the Mustang
Founders Agreement, Mustang will also: (i) pay an equity fee in shares of common stock, payable within five business days of the
closing of any equity or debt financing for Mustang or any of its respective subsidiaries that occurs after the effective date
of the Mustang Founders Agreement and ending on the date when Fortress no longer has majority voting control in the Company s
voting equity, equal to 2.5% of the gross amount of any such equity or debt financing; and (ii) pay a cash fee equal to 4.5% of
the Company s annual net sales, payable on an annual basis, within ninety days of the end of each calendar year. In the event
of a Change in Control, the Company will pay a one-time change in control fee equal to five times the product of (A) net sales
for the twelve months immediately preceding the change in control and (B) 4.5%. 

On March 13, 2016, pursuant to the then
in effect Mustang Founders Agreement, on the anniversary date of the Founders  Agreement, the Company issued 250,000 shares
of its Class B Common Stock to Fortress representing 2.5% of the fully diluted outstanding shares of the Company. Pursuant to the
terms of the Mustang Founders Agreement, as amended in July 2016, this equity fee is no longer payable. 

Effective as of March 13, 2015, the Company
entered into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Fortress. Pursuant to the terms of the MSA, for a period
of five years, Fortress will render advisory and consulting services to the Company. Services provided under the MSA may include,
without limitation, (i) advice and assistance concerning any and all aspects of the Company s operations, clinical trials,
financial planning and strategic transactions and financings and (ii) conducting relations on behalf of the Company with accountants,
attorneys, financial advisors and other professionals (collectively, the  Services ). The Company is obligated to utilize
clinical research services, medical education, communication and marketing services and investor relations/public relation services
of companies or individuals designated by Fortress, provided those services are offered at market prices. However, the Company
is not obligated to take or act upon any advice rendered from Fortress and Fortress shall not be liable for any of its actions
or inactions based upon their advice. Fortress and its affiliates, including all members of the Company s Board of Directors,
have been contractually exempt from fiduciary duties to the Company relating to corporate opportunities. In consideration for the
Services, the Company will pay Fortress an annual consulting fee of $0.5 million (the  Annual Consulting Fee ), payable
in advance in equal quarterly installments on the first business day of each calendar quarter in each year, provided, however,
that such Annual Consulting Fee shall be increased to $1.0 million for each calendar year in which the Company has net assets in
excess of $100 million at the beginning of the calendar year. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, as expense related to this agreement. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $0.4 million and $0.2 million,
respectively, as expense related to this agreement. 

Consulting Agreement with Chord Advisors,
LLC ( Chord )   

On April 8, 2016 the Company entered into
a full service consulting agreement with Chord to provide advisory accounting services to the Company. Under the terms of the agreement,
the Company paid Chord up to $5,000 per month to perform back office accounting functions, accounting analysis and financial reporting
prior to the Company s filing of its Registration Statement on Form 10 on August 28, 2015, and $7,500 per month following
that date. Either party upon 30-days written notice can terminate the agreement. In addition to these services, Mr. Horin, a Managing
Partner of Chord, will serve as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer. Chord also provides advisory accounting services
to Fortress under a separate agreement. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized approximately
$17,500 and nil, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception)
to September 30, 2015, the Company recognized approximately $30,300 and nil, respectively, in general and administrative expenses
on the Condensed Statements of Operations, related to this agreement. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Fortress Note Payable  

The Company has a working capital promissory
note with Fortress (see Note 5). 

NSC Note and Financings  

In September 2016, Fortress acquired through
a tender offer 56.1% of National Holdings, Inc. ( National  or  NHLD ). The Company holds a $3.6 million
note in favor of NSC Biotech Venture Fund I, LLC for which National Securities, Inc. ( NSC ) a subsidiary of National
received a 10% placement fee upon issuance of the Note to Fortress (see Note 5). 

In September 2016, the Company entered
into a Placement Agent Agreement with National in connection with financing in which the Company agreed to pay NSC a cash fee of
10.0% of the gross proceeds and warrants equal to 25% of the total offering (see Note 8). For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 the Company paid NSC $1.3 million and issued warrants for 191,483 shares. 

Note 5   Notes Payable  

Fortress Note   

Effective March 13, 2015, in connection
with the Mustang Founders Agreement, the Company and Fortress entered into an Intercompany Working Capital Promissory Note ( Fortress
Note ), in which Fortress agreed to provide a working capital line of credit until the Company has a third party financing.
The Fortress Note is due on demand and accrues interest of 8% per year, with interest due and principal due upon demand. This line
of credit can be pre-paid at any time in cash or through Fortress  indebtedness to NSC Biotech Venture Fund I, LLC ( NSC
Note ) or other similar indebtedness. 

At September 30, 2016, the Fortress Note
was approximately $2.0 million and was recorded as note payable - related party on the Condensed Balance Sheets. In connection
with the Fortress Note, the Company recognized approximately $42,000 and $58,000 in interest expense at 8% on the Condensed Statements
of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recognized approximately $216,000
and $99,000 in interest expense at 8% on the Condensed Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NSC Note   

In March 2015, Fortress closed a private
placement of a promissory note for $10 million through NSC (the  NSC Note ). Fortress used the proceeds from the NSC
Note to acquire medical technologies and products. The NSC Note matures in 36 months, provided that during the first 24 months
Fortress can extend the maturity date by six months. No principal amount will be due for the first 24 months (or the first 30 months
if the maturity date is extended). Thereafter, the NSC Note will be repaid at the rate of 1/12 of the principal amount per month
for a period of 12 months. Interest on the note is 8% payable quarterly during the first 24 months (or the first 30 months if the
note is extended) and monthly during the last 12 months. NSC acted as the sole placement agent for the NSC Note. 

The NSC Note was amended and restated on
July 29, 2015, to provide that any time a Fortress Company receives from Fortress any proceeds from the NSC Note, Fortress may,
in its sole discretion, cause the Fortress Company to issue to NSC Biotech Venture Fund I LLC a new promissory note (the  Amended
NSC Note ) on identical terms as the NSC Note (giving effect to the passage of time with respect to maturity). The Amended
NSC Note will equal the dollar amount of the Fortress Company s share of the NSC Note and reduce the Fortress  obligations
under the NSC Note by such amount. Fortress will guarantee the Amended NSC Note until the Company either completes an initial public
offering or raises sufficient equity capital so that it has cash equal to five times the Amended NSC Note. 

If the Company has an initial public offering
and raises sufficient equity capital so that it has cash equal to five times the amount of the portion of the proceeds of the NSC
Note transferred to it, then NSC will receive a warrant to purchase the Company s stock equal to 25% of the outstanding note
divided by the lowest price the Company sells its equity in its first third party financing. The warrants issued will have a term
of 10 years and an exercise price equal to the par value of the Company s common stock. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

On July 5, 2016, Fortress transferred $3.6
million of the Company s indebtedness, with a debt discount related to the Company s pro rata share of Fortress 
debt issuance costs of approximately $129,000, under the Fortress Note to its NSC Note as well as a contingently issuable warrant
equal to 25% of the transferred indebtedness. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded costs of approximately
$90,000 related to the amortization of the debt discount and approximately $69,000 of interest expense at 8%, both recorded in
interest expense on the Condensed Statements of Operations. The effective interest rate of the NSC Note approximates 23.1%. The
detachable Warrant issued in connection with NSC Note in the amount of approximately $634,000 was recorded as a debt discount based
on its fair value (see Note 6). 

The following table summarizes NSC Note
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 ($ in thousands). 

Note 6   Fair Value Measurement  

Financial instruments measured at fair
value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At
September 30, 2016 the Contingently Issuable Warrant balance of approximately $632,000 was classified as Level 3 instruments. 

The following table sets forth the changes
in the estimated fair value for our Level 3 classified derivative contingently issuable warrant liability ($ in thousands): 

In accordance with ASC 815, the Company
classifies the fair value of the warrant that may have been granted in connection with the NSC Note transferred to the Company
as a derivative liability as there was a potential that the Company would not have a sufficient number of authorized common shares
available to settle this instrument. The Company valued this warrant using a Black-Scholes model and used estimates for an expected
dividend yield, a risk-free interest rate, and expected volatility together with management s estimate of the probability
of issuance of the warrant. At each reporting period, as long as the warrant was potentially issuable and there was a potential
for an insufficient number of authorized shares available to settle the warrant, the warrant was revalued and any difference from
the previous valuation date would be recognized as a change in fair value in the Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. 

The fair value of the Contingently Issuable
Warrants was determined by applying management s estimate of the probability of issuance of the Contingently Issuable Warrants
together with the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following key assumptions: 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies  

Leases   

The Company is not a party to any leases for office space or
equipment. 

Litigation   

On January 15, 2016, Dr. Winson Tang ( Plaintiff )
filed a Complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles.  Winson Tang
v. Lindsay Rosenwald et al, Case No. BC607346.  As amended, the complaint alleged that Dr. Tang was a third party beneficiary
of the Company's Exclusive License Agreement with COH and should be awarded 15% of the Company's outstanding shares.   After
the Company and other defendants demurred, the court sustained the demurrer and dismissed all claims without prejudice on September
13, 2016.  Dr. Tang filed his second amended complaint on October 11, 2016, and Defendants' renewed demurrer will be
heard on December 16, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
not accrued any losses in connection with this litigation as the Company believes that Plaintiff's claims are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit.  Even in the event of an adverse determination, Fortress and the Company intend
to satisfy any judgment from sources other than newly issued shares of the Company to prevent dilution. 

Note 8 - Stockholders  Equity
(Deficit)  

Common Stock   

The Company, in accordance with its certificate
of incorporation, as amended in July 2016, which was retroactively applied, is authorized to issue 50,000,000 common shares with
a par value of $0.0001 per share, of which 1,000,000 shares are designated as  Class A Common Stock . Dividends, if
and when declared, are to be distributed pro-rata to the Class A, Class A Preferred and Common Stock holders. 

The holders of Common Stock are entitled
to one vote per share of Common Stock held. The holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to the number of votes equal to the
number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Class A Common Stock held by such holder are convertible and for
a period of ten years from its issuance, the holders of the Class A Common Stock have the right to appoint one member of the board
of directors of Mustang; to date, the holders of Class A Common Stock have not yet appointed such director. 

In July 2016, pursuant to the Founders Agreement Amendment
(see Note 4) Fortress entered into an Exchange Agreement whereby Fortress exchanged its 7.25 million Class B Common Stock for
7.0 million shares of Common Stock and 250,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock. See  Class A Preferred
Shares  below. 

Offerings and Issuances of Common
Stock and Warrants   

In September 2016, the Company entered
into a Placement Agent Agreement with NSC relating to the Company s offering of shares of Common Stock in a private placement.
Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee of 10.0% of the gross proceeds
from the offering and granted a warrant exercisable for shares of Common Stock equal to 10% of the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock sold in the offering (the  Placement Agent Warrants ). In addition, the Company and the investors entered
into a unit purchase agreement (the  Unit Purchase Agreement ). The Common Stock and Warrants were sold in units, with
each unit consisting of 10,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, and Warrants exercisable for 2,500 shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share. The purchase price was $65,000 per Unit. The warrants have a five-year term and
are only exercisable for cash. 

On September 30, 2016 the Company had an
initial closing in which the Company issued 1,914,833 unregistered shares of Common Stock and 478,708 Warrants. NSC received 191,483
Placement Agent Warrants. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received gross proceeds of $12.4 million, before
commissions and expenses of $1.4 million, in the offering of which $1.3 million was the fee paid to NSC. 

Pursuant to the Founders Agreement, the
Company issued 47,870 shares to Fortress, representing 2.5% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock issued in the offering
noted above. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded expense of approximately $274,000, related to this
issuance, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Statements of Operations. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Class A Preferred Shares   

Pursuant to the Company s Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed on July 26, 2016, Class B Common Stock was eliminated and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock were authorized, of which 250,000 have been designated as Class A Preferred Stock and the remainder are undesignated preferred
stock. The Class A Preferred Stock is identical to undesignated Common Stock other than as to voting rights, conversion rights,
and the PIK Dividend right (as described below). The undesignated Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. The Company s Board of Directors is authorized to determine or alter the dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion
rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions, if any), the redemption price or prices,
the liquidation preferences and other designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred
Stock, and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock (but not below the number of shares of any such series
then outstanding). 

The holders of the outstanding shares of
Class A Preferred Stock shall receive on each March 13 (each a  PIK Dividend Payment Date ) after the original issuance
date of the Class A Preferred Stock until the date all outstanding Class A Preferred Stock is converted into Common Stock or redeemed
(and the purchase price is paid in full), pro rata per share dividends paid in additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock (such dividend being herein called  PIK Dividends ) such that the aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock issued pursuant to such PIK Dividend is equal to 2.5% of the Corporation s fully-diluted outstanding capitalization
on the date that is one business day prior to any PIK Dividend Payment Date ( PIK Record Date ). In the event the Class
A Preferred Stock converts into Common Stock, the holders shall receive all PIK Dividends accrued through the date of such conversion.
No dividend or other distribution shall be paid, or declared and set apart for payment (other than dividends payable solely in
capital stock on the capital stock of the Company) on the shares of Common Stock until all PIK Dividends on the Class A Preferred
Stock shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. All dividends are non-cumulative. 

On any matter presented to the stockholders
of the Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Company (or by written consent of stockholders
in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast for each share of Class
A Preferred Stock held by such holder as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter, the number
of votes that is equal to one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A) the number of shares
of outstanding Common Stock and (B) the whole shares of Common Stock in to which the shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock
and the Class A Preferred Stock are convertible, and the denominator of which is number of shares of outstanding Class A Preferred
Stock (the  Class A Preferred Stock Ratio ). Thus, the Class A Preferred Stock will at all times constitute a voting
majority. 

Each share of
Class A Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock
(the  Conversion Ratio ), subject to certain adjustments. If the Company, at any time effects a subdivision or combination
of the outstanding Common Stock (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reverse stock split or otherwise), the applicable
Conversion Ratio in effect immediately before that subdivision is proportionately decreased or increased, as applicable, so that
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of Class A Preferred Stock shall be increased or decreased,
a applicable, in proportion to such increase or decrease in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Additionally,
if any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger involving the Company occurs in which the Common
Stock (but not the Class A Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property, then each share
of Class A Preferred Stock becomes convertible into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property which a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of one share of the Class A Preferred Stock immediately
prior to such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger would have been entitled to receive pursuant
to such transaction. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

Warrants   

A summary of warrant activities for nine
months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

Upon the exercise of warrants, the Company
will issue new shares of Common Stock. 

Note 9 - Subsequent Events  

Second Close
of Offering  

On October 25, 2016 the Company
closed an additional round of financing totaling gross proceeds of $7.1 million, before expenses, in a private placement of
shares and warrants for which NSC was the placement agent and received a fee of $0.7 million or approximately 10% of the
gross proceeds. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant
exercisable for 2,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a total price of $65,000 per unit.
The warrants have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. The Company issued 1,100,000 unregistered shares of
Common Stock and 272,645 warrants in connection with this transaction. In addition, the placement agent received 109,058
warrants or approximately 10% of the shares issued. 

NSC Amended Note  

Pursuant to the terms of the Company s
$3.6 million Amended NSC Note, upon the closing of the Company s second round of financing on October 25, 2016, the Company
issued to National a warrant for 138,462 relating to its aggregate gross proceeds from its third party offerings exceeding five
times the value of the debt. Upon the issuance of the warrant Fortress was removed as the guarantor on the note. 

Item 2.   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), including,
without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words
 expect,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   may,   plan ,
 seek  or similar language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available
to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements. In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the information set forth under the heading
 Risk Factors  herein.  

Overview  

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to utilize the power of
the patient s own immune system to eliminate cancer cells. We aim to acquire rights to these technologies by licensing or
otherwise acquiring an ownership interest in the technologies, funding their research and development and eventually either out-licensing
or bringing the technologies to market. Currently we are developing our proprietary Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) engineered
T cells (CAR-T) technology, which we licensed from Dr. Stephen Forman s laboratory at the City of Hope National Medical Center
(COH). CAR-T uses the patient s own T cells to engage and destroy specific tumors. The process involves selecting specific
T-cell subtypes, genetically engineering them to express chimeric antigen T cell receptors and placing them back in the patient
where they recognize and destroy cancer cells. 

Our exclusive license and sponsored research
agreement with Dr. Stephen Forman s laboratory at the COH encompasses specific chimeric T cell constructions and enabling
process technologies including linker technology improvements. This agreement covers the discovery, manufacturing and clinical
development of novel CAR-T cells along with specified rights to any and all inventions. 

We have an open IND and are currently in
Phase 1 trials treating glioblastoma patients. Dr. Forman s laboratory has developed a proprietary engineered CAR-T cells
targeting Interleukin13 Receptor a2, which is overexpressed on the surface of glioblastoma cells. 

We have filed another IND for the treatment
of patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Dr. Forman s laboratory has developed a proprietary CAR-based targeting of
CD123, which is overexpressed on the surface of many cells giving rise to hematologic malignancies, using engineered T cells for
treatment of AML. 

Additionally, under our sponsored preclinical
research agreement with COH, COH is developing additional CAR-T cell constructions targeting a number of tumor associated antigens
specific for the variety of solid and hematological malignancies. The effectiveness of certain of these additional CAR-T cell constructs
already has been demonstrated in preclinical studies with mouse xenograft models of specific human tumors. Under the sponsored
research agreement, we have the right to license newly developed CAR-T constructs. We intend to further pursue preclinical development
to validate and seek to establish the proprietary nature of the most promising CAR-T approaches coming out of the sponsored research
program and, if successful, we would license and take forward into clinical studies. 

To date, we have not received approval
for the sale of our product candidates in any market and, therefore, have not generated any product sales from our product candidates.
In addition, we have incurred substantial operating losses since our inception, and expect to continue to incur significant operating
losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As of September 30, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of
$8.4 million. 

We are a majority controlled subsidiary
of Fortress. 

Mustang Bio, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware
on March 13, 2015. Our executive offices are located at 2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10014. Our telephone number
is (781) 652-4500 and our email address is ir@mustangbio.com. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Research and Development Expenses    

Research and development expenses primarily
consist of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation,
payments made to third parties for license and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to
third party contract research organizations for preclinical and clinical studies, investigative sites for clinical trials, consultants,
the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial materials, costs associated with regulatory filings, laboratory costs and
other supplies. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, research and development expenses were $0.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, $0.5 million relates to the quarterly expense related to our sponsored research agreement with COH and $0.1 million of
expense is related to our Management Services Agreement (MSA) with Fortress. The same amount in comparable period in 2015. 

We expect our research and development
activities to increase as we develop our existing product candidates and potentially acquire new product candidates, reflecting
increasing costs associated with the following: 

employee-related expenses, which include salaries and benefits,
and rent expense; 

license fees and milestone payments related to in-licensed
products and technology; 

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research
organizations, investigative sites and consultants that conduct our clinical trials and our preclinical activities; 

the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial
materials; and 

costs associated with non-clinical activities, and regulatory
approvals. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation, for executives and other administrative personnel,
recruitment expenses, professional fees and other corporate expenses, including investor relations, legal activities including
patent fees, and facilities-related expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, general and administrative expenses were $1.1 million and $88,000, respectively. For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, these fees consist of $0.6 million of legal fees and $63,000 of expense in connection with the MSA with Fortress.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses were primarily related to $63,000 of expense
in connection with the MSA with Fortress. 

We anticipate general and administrative
expenses will continue to increase in future periods, reflecting continued and increasing costs associated with support of our
expanded research and development activities. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015   

Research and Development Expenses    

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, research and development expenses were
$1.7 million and $3.3 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $1.5 million relates to the
quarterly expense related to our sponsored research agreement with COH and $0.2 million of expense is related to the MSA with
Fortress. The $3.3 million of expense for the period March 13, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, relates primarily
to the acquisition of our exclusive license from COH to acquire the CAR-T technology, which is comprised of an upfront fee of
$2.0 million and the issuance of 1.0 million Class A shares of our Common Stock, valued at $0.1 million, recorded as research
and development - licenses acquired on the Statements of Operation, $1.0 million related to our separate sponsored research
agreement with COH and $0.1 million of expense related to our MSA with Fortress. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses were $1.8 million
and $174,000, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, these fees consist of $1.1 million of legal expenses
of which: $0.4 million pertains to the filing of our Form 10 and $0.3 million relates to intellectual property matters, and $0.2
million of expense in connection with the MSA with Fortress. For the period March 13, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015,
general and administrative expenses were primarily related to $125,000 of expense in connection with the MSA with Fortress. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have incurred substantial operating
losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never
become profitable. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $8.4 million. 

In February 2015, Fortress closed a private
placement of a promissory note for $10 million through National Securities Corporation (the  NSC Note ). Fortress used
the proceeds from the NSC Note to acquire medical technologies, products and for activities related to the formation of its subsidiaries.
The NSC Note matures 36 months after issuance, provided that during the first 24 months, Fortress can extend the maturity date
by six months. No principal amount will be due for the first 24 months after issuance (or the first 30 months after issuance if
the maturity date is extended). Thereafter, the NSC Note will be repaid at the rate of 1/12 of the principal amount per month for
a period of 12 months. Interest on the NSC Note is 8%, payable quarterly during the first 24 months after issuance (or the first
30 months after issuance if the NSC Note is extended) and monthly during the last 12 months. National Securities Corporation ( NSC ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of National Holdings, Inc., acted as the sole placement agent for the NSC Note. 

Fortress used some of the proceeds from
the NSC Note to acquire our COH license agreement, by transferring this indebtedness to us. Since the NSC Note allows Fortress
to transfer a portion of the proceeds from the NSC Note to us, on July 5, 2016 we executed an identical NSC Note of $3.6 million
in favor of NSC, representing a transfer of Fortress indebtedness. Further, in accordance with the terms of the NSC Note, we issued
a warrant to NSC equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the amount of NSC Note proceeds we received from Fortress divided by the
lowest price at which we next sold common stock. The warrant issued has a term of 10 years and an exercise price equal to the par
value of our common stock. 

We funded our operations through an Intercompany
Working Capital Promissory Note ( Fortress Note ), the balance of which was approximately $2.0 million at September
30, 2016. Further, we have recorded interest expense of $216,000 and $99,000 related to this note in interest expense - due related
in our Condensed Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from March 13, 2015 (inception)
to September 30, 2015, respectively. On July 5, 2016, Fortress transferred $3.6 million of our indebtedness, with a debt discount
related to our pro rata share of Fortress  debt issuance costs of approximately $129,000, under our Fortress Note to NSC
Note. 

In addition, on September 30, 2016, we
received gross proceeds of $12.4 million, before commissions and expenses of $1.3 million, in a private placement of shares and
warrants. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant exercisable
for 2,500 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a purchase price of $65,000 per unit. We issued 1,914,833
unregistered shares of Common Stock and 478,708 warrants in this offering. The Placement Agent received 191,483 Placement Agent
Warrants. 

On October 25, 2016 we closed an
additional round of financing totaling gross proceeds of $7.1 million, before expenses, in a private placement of shares and
warrants for which NSC was the placement agent and received a fee of $0.7 million or approximately 10% of the gross proceeds.
The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant exercisable for
2,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a total price of $65,000 per unit. The warrants
have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. We issued 1,100,000 unregistered shares of Common Stock and 272,645
warrants in connection with this transaction. In addition, the placement agent received 109,058 warrants or approximately 10%
of the shares issued. 

We expect to use the net proceeds from
the above transaction primarily for general corporate purposes, which may include financing our growth, developing new or existing
product candidates, and funding capital expenditures, acquisitions, licenses and investments. We currently anticipate that our
cash balances at September 30, 2016 are sufficient to fund our anticipated operating cash requirements for approximately the next
12 months. 

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and during the period March 13, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015   

Operating Activities  

Net cash used in operating activities was
$1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.0 million for the period March 13, 2015 (inception) through
ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due
to a $3.9 million in net loss, partially offset by $0.3 million related to the issuance of Common Stock under the Founders Agreement
and $1.7 million of change in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating activities during
the period March 13, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015 was primarily due to a $3.6 million in net loss, partially offset
by $2.2 million related to the acquired licenses and $0.4 million of change in operating assets and liabilities. 

Investing Activities  

There was no cash used or provided from
financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net Cash used in investing activities was $2.0 million for the
same period in 2015, representing the acquisition costs of acquired licenses. 

Financing Activities  

Net Cash provided by financing activities
was $13.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.0 million for the same period in 2015. On July 5,
2016, Fortress transferred $3.6 million of our indebtedness, with a debt discount related to our pro rata share of Fortress 
debt issuance costs of approximately $129,000, under the Fortress Note to the NSC Note. The issuance of common stock provided $11.1
million, net of fees, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The proceeds from Fortress Note were $2.0 million, offset by
$3.5 million payment related to transfer Fortress Note to the NSC Note during nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net cash provided by the Fortress Note
was $3.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We are not party to any off-balance sheet
transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risks  

Market risk represents the risk of loss
that may result from the change in value of financial instruments due to fluctuations in their market price. Market risk is inherent
in all financial instruments. Market risk may be exacerbated in times of trading illiquidity when market participants refrain from
transacting in normal quantities and/or at normal bid-offer spreads. 

Our assets and liabilities are denominated
in U.S. dollars. Consequently, we have not considered it necessary to use foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments
to manage changes in currency rates. We do not now, nor do we plan to, use derivative financial instruments for speculative or
trading purposes. However, these circumstances might change. 

The primary quantifiable market risk associated
with our financial instruments is sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk represents the potential loss from
adverse changes in market interest rates. We use an interest rate sensitivity simulation to assess our interest rate risk exposure.
For purposes of presenting the possible earnings effect of a hypothetical, adverse change in interest rates over the 12-month period
from our reporting date, we assume that all interest rate sensitive financial instruments will be impacted by a hypothetical, immediate
100 basis point increase in interest rates as of the beginning of the period. The sensitivity is based upon the hypothetical assumption
that all relevant types of interest rates that affect our results would increase instantaneously, simultaneously and to the same
degree. We do not believe that our cash and equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. 

The sensitivity analyses of the interest
rate sensitive financial instruments are hypothetical and should be used with caution. Changes in fair value based on a 1% or 2%
variation in an estimate generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the estimate to the change
in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of a variation in a particular estimate on the fair value of financial instruments
is calculated independent of changes in any other estimate; in practice, changes in one factor may result in changes in another
factor, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. In addition, the sensitivity analyses do not consider any action that
we may take to mitigate the impact of any adverse changes in the key estimates. 

Based on our analysis, as of September
30, 2016, the effect of a 100+/- basis point change in interest rates on the value of our financial instruments and the resultant
effect on our net loss are considered immaterial. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness, as of September 30, 2016, of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

No change in internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the most recent quarter with respect to our operations, which materially affected, or is reasonable likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings  

On January 15, 2016, Dr. Winson Tang ( Plaintiff )
filed a Complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles.  Winson Tang
v. Lindsay Rosenwald et al, Case No. BC607346.  As amended, the complaint alleged that Dr. Tang was a third party beneficiary
of the Company's Exclusive License Agreement with COH and should be awarded 15% of the Company's outstanding shares.   After
the Company and other defendants demurred, the court sustained the demurrer and dismissed all claims without prejudice on September
13, 2016.  Dr. Tang filed his second amended complaint on October 11, 2016, and Defendants' renewed demurrer will be
heard on December 16, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
not accrued any losses in connection with this litigation as the Company believes that Plaintiff's claims are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit.  Even in the event of an adverse determination, Fortress and the Company intend
to satisfy any judgment from sources other than newly issued shares of the Company to prevent dilution. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors  

The following information sets forth
risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have
made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should carefully consider the risks described below. Our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant
risks to our business at this time also may impair our business operations.  

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry  

We currently have no drug products
for sale. We are heavily dependent on the success of our product candidates, and we cannot give any assurances that any of our
product candidates will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized.   

To date, we have invested a significant
portion of our efforts and financial resources in the acquisition and development of our product candidates. We have not demonstrated
our ability to perform the functions necessary for the successful acquisition, development or commercialization of the technologies
we are seeking to develop. As an early stage company, we have limited experience and have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly
in the biopharmaceutical area. Our future success is substantially dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory
approval for, and then successfully commercialize such product candidates. Our product candidates are currently in preclinical
development or in clinical trials. Our business depends entirely on the successful development and commercialization of our product
candidates, which may never occur. We currently generate no revenues from sales of any drugs, and we may never be able to develop
or commercialize a marketable drug. 

The successful development, and any commercialization,
of our technologies and any product candidates would require us to successfully perform a variety of functions, including: 

developing our technology platform; 

identifying, developing, manufacturing and commercializing
product candidates; 

entering into successful licensing and other arrangements
with product development partners; 

participating in regulatory approval processes; 

formulating and manufacturing products; 

obtaining sufficient quantities of our product candidates
from our third-party manufacturers as required to meet clinical trial needs and commercial demand at launch and thereafter; 

establishing and maintaining agreements with wholesalers,
distributors and group purchasing organizations on commercially reasonable terms; 

conducting sales and marketing activities including
hiring, training, deploying and supporting our sales force and creating market demand for our product candidates through our own
marketing and sales activities, and any other arrangements to promote our product candidates that we may later establish; and 

maintaining patent protection and regulatory exclusivity
for our product candidates. 

Our operations have been limited to organizing
our company, acquiring, developing and securing our proprietary technology and identifying and obtaining preclinical data or clinical
data for various product candidates. These operations provide a limited basis for you to assess our ability to continue to develop
our technology, identify product candidates, develop and commercialize any product candidates we are able to identify and enter
into successful collaborative arrangements with other companies, as well as for you to assess the advisability of investing in
our securities. Each of these requirements will require substantial time, effort and financial resources. 

Each of our product candidates will require
additional preclinical or clinical development, management of preclinical, clinical and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval
in multiple jurisdictions, obtaining manufacturing supply, building of a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts
before we generate any revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before
we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory
approval for any of our product candidates. 

Pre-clinical development is highly
speculative and has a high risk of failure.   

Two of our current product candidates are
in clinical trials, and we are evaluating the terms of license agreements for three additional pre-clinical assets. Our pre-clinical
product candidates have never been used in humans. Pre-clinical development is highly speculative and carries a high risk of failure.
We can provide no assurances that pre-clinical toxicology and/or pre-clinical activity of our product candidates will support moving
any of these product candidates into clinical development. If we are unsuccessful in our pre-clinical development efforts for any
of these product candidates and they fail to reach clinical development, it would have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial condition. 

Delays in clinical testing could
result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue.   

Although we are planning for certain clinical
trials relating to our product candidates, there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept our proposed trial designs. We may
experience delays in our clinical trials and we do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned,
enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including
delays related to: 

obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial;  

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;  

obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each site;  

recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial;  

clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial;  

having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;  

developing and validating companion diagnostics on a timely basis, if required;  

adding new clinical trial sites; or  

manufacturing sufficient quantities of product candidate for use in clinical trials.  

Patient enrollment, a significant factor
in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors including the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity
of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials
and clinicians  and patients  perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other
available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. Furthermore, we intend
to rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and we intend to have agreements
governing their committed activities, however, we will have limited influence over their actual performance. 

We could encounter delays if a clinical
trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by the Data Safety
Monitoring Board, or DSMB, for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension
or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements
or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities
resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit
from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical
trial. 

If we experience delays in the completion
of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be
harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays
in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and
jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial
condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or
completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

We may not receive regulatory approval
for our product candidates, or their approval may be further delayed, which would have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial condition.   

Our product candidates and the activities
associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping,
labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA
and other regulatory agencies in the US and by the European Medicines Agency and similar regulatory authorities outside the US.
Failure to obtain marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate will prevent us
from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory
authorities in any jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing
approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval
requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each
therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires
the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory
authorities. One or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate may not be effective, may be only moderately
effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our
obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. If any of our product candidates or any future product candidate
receives marketing approval, the accompanying label may limit the approved use of our drug in this way, which could limit sales
of the product. 

The process of obtaining marketing approvals,
both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing
approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes
in regulatory review for each submitted product application may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. Regulatory
authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our
data is insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. In addition, varying interpretations
of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate.
Any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render
the approved product not commercially viable.  

If we experience delays in obtaining approval
or if we fail to obtain approval of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate, the commercial prospects
for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

In addition, even if we were to obtain
approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates or any future product candidate for fewer or more limited
indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the
performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the
labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of these scenarios could
compromise the commercial prospects for one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate. 

If any of our product candidates
is approved and our contract manufacturer fails to produce the product in the volumes that we require on a timely basis, or fails
to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the commercialization
of our product candidates or be unable to meet market demand, and may lose potential revenues.   

The manufacture of pharmaceutical products
requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process
controls, and the use of specialized processing equipment. We intend to enter into development and supply agreements with contract
manufacturers for the completion of pre-commercialization manufacturing development activities and the manufacture of commercial
supplies for each of our product candidates. Any termination or disruption of our relationships with our contract manufacturers
may materially harm our business and financial condition, and frustrate any commercialization efforts for each respective product
candidate. 

All of our contract manufacturers must
comply with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations, including cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through
its facilities inspection program, and we have little control over their compliance with these regulations. Any failure to comply
with applicable regulations may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval,
product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval, and would limit the availability of our product. Any manufacturing
defect or error discovered after products have been produced and distributed could result in even more significant consequences,
including costly recall procedures, re-stocking costs, damage to our reputation and potential for product liability claims. 

If the commercial manufacturers upon whom
we rely to manufacture one or more of our product candidates, and any future product candidate we may in-license, fail to deliver
the required commercial quantities on a timely basis at commercially reasonable prices, we would likely be unable to meet demand
for our products and we would lose potential revenues. 

Our approach to the discovery and
development of our product candidates is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any products of commercial
value.   

Our products candidates are emerging technologies
and, consequently, it is conceivable that such technologies may ultimately fail to identify commercially viable drugs to treat
human patients with cancer or other diseases. 

If serious adverse or unacceptable
side effects are identified during the development of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate, we
may need to abandon or limit our development of some of our product candidates.   

If one or more of our product candidates
or any future product candidate are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical trials or have characteristics that are
unexpected, we may need to abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable
side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. In our
industry, many compounds that initially showed promise in early stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that
prevented further development of the compound. In the event that our clinical trials reveal a high and unacceptable severity and
prevalence of side effects, our trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
could order us to cease further development or deny approval of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate
for any or all targeted indications. The FDA could also issue a letter requesting additional data or information prior to making
a final decision regarding whether or not to approve a product candidate. The number of requests for additional data or information
issued by the FDA in recent years has increased and has resulted in substantial delays in the approval of several new drugs. Undesirable
side effects caused by one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate could also result in the inclusion
of unfavorable information in our product labeling, denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for
any or all targeted indications, and in turn prevent us from commercializing and generating revenues from the sale of that product
candidate. Drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial
and could result in potential product liability claims. 

Additionally, if one or more of our product
candidates or any future product candidate receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable side effects
caused by this product, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of
unfavorable labeling statements, specific warnings or a contraindication; 

regulatory authorities may suspend or withdraw their
approval of the product, or require it to be removed from the market; 

we may be required to change the way the product is
administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; or 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from
achieving or maintaining market acceptance of any of our product candidates or any future product candidate or could substantially
increase our commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues
from its sale. 

Even if one or more of our product
candidates receives regulatory approval, it and any other products we may market will remain subject to substantial regulatory
scrutiny.   

One or more of our product candidates that
we may license or acquire will also be subject to ongoing requirements and review of the FDA and other regulatory authorities.
These requirements include labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and submission of safety and other
post-market information and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality
control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples
to physicians and recordkeeping of the drug. 

The FDA may also impose requirements for
costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. The FDA closely
regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure drugs are marketed only for the approved indications and
in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers  communications
regarding off-label use and if we do not market our products for only their approved indications, we may be subject to enforcement
action for off-label marketing. Violations of the FDCA relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to investigations
alleging violations of federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. 

In addition, later discovery of previously
unknown adverse events or other problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with
regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including: 

restrictions on such products, operations, manufacturers
or manufacturing processes; 

restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product; 

restrictions on product distribution or use; 

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or
clinical trials; 

warning letters; 

withdrawal of the products from the market; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements
to approved applications that we submit; 

recall of products; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing or regulatory
approvals; 

suspension of any ongoing clinical trials; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 

product seizure; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal
penalties. 

The FDA s policies may change, and
additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates.
If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we
are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained. 

We will need to obtain FDA approval
of any proposed product brand names, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely impact our business.   

A pharmaceutical product cannot be marketed
in the US or other countries until we have completed a rigorous and extensive regulatory review processes, including approval of
a brand name. Any brand names we intend to use for our product candidates will require approval from the FDA regardless of whether
we have secured a formal trademark registration from the PTO. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product brand names,
including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA may also object to a product brand name if
it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed product brand names, we
may be required to adopt an alternative brand name for our product candidates. If we adopt an alternative brand name, we would
lose the benefit of our existing trademark applications for such product candidate and may be required to expend significant additional
resources in an effort to identify a suitable product brand name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe
the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a
new trademark in a timely manner or at all, which would limit our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 

Our current and future relationships
with customers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable
anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security and other healthcare laws and
regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative
burdens and diminished profits and future earnings.   

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party
payors in the US and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which
we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable
fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and
the federal False Claims Act, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we sell,
market and distribute any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to transparency
laws and patient privacy regulation by the federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions in which we
conduct our business. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to
operate include, but are not necessarily limited to: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits,
among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or
indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase,
order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such
as Medicare and Medicaid; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil
monetary penalty laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower
or   qui tam   actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to
be presented, to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent
or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; the federal Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme
to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose obligations
on covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their business associates that create,
receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, with respect
to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal Open Payments program, which requires
manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the
Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare  
Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to  payments or other transfers of value  made to physicians, which
is defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors, and teaching hospitals and applicable manufacturers
and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by the physicians
and their immediate family members. Data collection began on August 1, 2013 with requirements for manufacturers to submit
reports to CMS by March 31, 2014 and 90 days after the end each subsequent calendar year. Disclosure of such information
was made by CMS on a publicly available website beginning in September 2014; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations,
such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare
items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require
pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance
guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state
and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians
and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health
information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by
HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements
with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations may involve substantial costs. It is possible that
governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations
or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation
in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom
we expect to do business, including our collaborators, is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, it may be subject
to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which
could also materially affect our business. 

Regulatory approval for any approved
product is limited by the FDA to those specific indications and conditions for which clinical safety and efficacy have been demonstrated.   

Any regulatory approval is limited to those
specific diseases and indications for which a product is deemed to be safe and effective by the FDA. In addition to the FDA approval
required for new formulations, any new indication for an approved product also requires FDA approval. If we are not able to obtain
FDA approval for any desired future indications for our products, our ability to effectively market and sell our products may be
reduced and our business may be adversely affected. 

While physicians may choose to prescribe
drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical studies
and approved by the regulatory authorities, our ability to promote the products is limited to those indications that are specifically
approved by the FDA. These  off-label  uses are common across medical specialties and may constitute an appropriate
treatment for some patients in varied circumstances. Regulatory authorities in the US generally do not regulate the behavior
of physicians in their choice of treatments. Regulatory authorities do, however, restrict communications by pharmaceutical companies
on the subject of off-label use. If our promotional activities fail to comply with these regulations or guidelines, we may be subject
to warnings from, or enforcement action by, these authorities. In addition, our failure to follow FDA rules and guidelines relating
to promotion and advertising may cause the FDA to suspend or withdraw an approved product from the market, require a
recall or institute fines, or could result in disgorgement of money, operating restrictions, injunctions or criminal prosecution,
any of which could harm our business. 

We are subject to new legislation,
regulatory proposals and managed care initiatives that may increase our costs of compliance and adversely affect our ability to
market our products, obtain collaborators and raise capital.   

In the US and some foreign jurisdictions,
there have been a number of proposed and enacted legislative and regulatory changes regarding the healthcare system that could
prevent or delay marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and
affect our ability to profitably sell any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

Among policy makers and payors in the US
and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare
costs, improving quality and expanding access. In the US, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts
and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. In March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively
the PPACA, a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending,
enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries,
impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. 

Among the provisions of the PPACA of importance
to our potential product candidates are: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs;  

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1% and 13.0% of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively;  

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1% and 13.0% of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively;  

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the federal False Claims Act and the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers and enhanced penalties for non-compliance;  

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for a manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part   

extension of a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations;  

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or below 138% of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability;  

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program;  

the new requirements under the federal Open Payments program and its implementing regulations;  

a new requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and  

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research.  

In addition, other legislative changes
have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to
providers of up to 2% per fiscal year that started in 2013. On March 1, 2013, the President signed an executive order implementing
the 2% Medicare payment reductions, and on April 1, 2013, these reductions went into effect. In January 2013, President Obama
signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers
and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.
These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse
effect on customers for our drugs, if approved, and, accordingly, our financial operations. 

We expect that the PPACA, as well as other
healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward
pressure on the price that we receive for any approved drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government healthcare
programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or
other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs. 

Legislative and regulatory proposals have
been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for drugs. We cannot be sure whether
additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or
what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny
by the US Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject
us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Public concern regarding the safety
of drug products could delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval, result in the inclusion of unfavorable information
in our labeling, or require us to undertake other activities that may entail additional costs.   

In light of widely publicized events concerning
the safety risk of certain drug products, the FDA, members of the US Congress, the Government Accountability Office, medical
professionals and the general public have raised concerns about potential drug safety issues. These events have resulted in the
withdrawal of drug products, revisions to drug labeling that further limit use of the drug products and the establishment of risk
management programs. The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007, or FDAAA, grants significant expanded authority to
the FDA, much of which is aimed at improving the safety of drug products before and after approval. In particular, the new law
authorizes the FDA to, among other things, require post-approval studies and clinical trials, mandate changes to drug labeling
to reflect new safety information and require risk evaluation and mitigation strategies for certain drugs, including certain currently
approved drugs. It also significantly expands the federal government s clinical trial registry and results databank, which
we expect will result in significantly increased government oversight of clinical trials. Under the FDAAA, companies that violate
these and other provisions of the new law are subject to substantial civil monetary penalties, among other regulatory, civil and
criminal penalties. The increased attention to drug safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by the FDA in its review
of data from our clinical trials. Data from clinical trials may receive greater scrutiny, particularly with respect to safety,
which may make the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials.
If the FDA requires us to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials prior to approving any of our product candidates,
our ability to obtain approval of this product candidate will be delayed. If the FDA requires us to provide additional clinical
or preclinical data following the approval of any of our product candidates, the indications for which this product candidate is
approved may be limited or there may be specific warnings or limitations on dosing, and our efforts to commercialize our product
candidates may be otherwise adversely impacted. 

If we experience delays or difficulties
in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented.   

We may not be able to initiate or continue
clinical trials for one or more of our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible
patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Some
of our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that treat the same indications as our product candidates,
and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors 
product candidates. Available therapies for the indications we are pursuing can also affect enrollment in our clinical trials.
Patient enrollment is affected by other factors including, but not necessarily limited to: 

the severity of the disease under investigation;  

the eligibility criteria for the study in question;  

the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study;  

the efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials;  

the patient referral practices of physicians;  

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and  

the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients.  

Our inability to enroll a sufficient number
of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays and could require us to abandon one or more clinical trials
altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidate or future
product candidates, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 

Our product candidates are in scientific
areas of intense competition from many large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, many of which are significantly further
along in development or are already on the market with competing products. We expect competition for our product candidates will
intensify, and new products may emerge that provide different or better therapeutic alternatives for our targeted indications.   

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries
are subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face, competition in the development and marketing
of our product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies. There can be no assurance that developments by others will not render one or more of our product candidates obsolete
or noncompetitive. Furthermore, new developments, including the development of other drug technologies and methods of preventing
the incidence of disease, occur in the pharmaceutical industry at a rapid pace. These developments may render one or more of our
product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive. 

Competitors may seek to develop alternative
formulations that do not directly infringe on our in-licensed patent rights. The commercial opportunity for one or more of our
product candidates could be significantly harmed if competitors are able to develop alternative formulations outside the scope
of our in-licensed patents. Compared to us, many of our potential competitors have substantially greater: 

capital resources;  

development resources, including personnel and technology;  

clinical trial experience;  

regulatory experience;  

expertise in prosecution of intellectual property rights; and  

manufacturing, distribution and sales and marketing experience.  

As a result of these factors, our competitors
may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we are able to or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual
property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Our competitors may also
develop drugs that are more effective, safe, useful and less costly than ours and may be more successful than us in manufacturing
and marketing their products. 

Our commercial success depends upon
us attaining significant market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for sale, among physicians, patients, healthcare
payors and major operators of cancer and other clinics.   

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for
one or more of our product candidates, the product may not gain market acceptance among physicians, health care payors, patients
and the medical community, which are critical to commercial success. Market acceptance of any product candidate for which we receive
approval depends on a number of factors, including, but not necessarily limited to: 

the efficacy and safety as demonstrated in clinical trials;  

the timing of market introduction of such product candidate as well as competitive products;  

the clinical indications for which the drug is approved;  

acceptance by physicians, major operators of cancer clinics and patients of the drug as a safe and effective treatment;  

the safety of such product candidate seen in a broader patient group, including its use outside the approved indications;  

the availability, cost and potential advantages of alternative treatments, including less expensive generic drugs;  

the availability of adequate reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities;  

the relative convenience and ease of administration of the product candidate for clinical practices;  

the product labeling or product insert required by the FDA or regulatory authority in other countries;  

the approval, availability, market acceptance and reimbursement for a companion diagnostic, if any;  

the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; and  

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.  

If any product candidate that we develop
does not provide a treatment regimen that is as beneficial as, or is not perceived as being as beneficial as, the current standard
of care or otherwise does not provide patient benefit, that product candidate, if approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other
regulatory authorities, likely will not achieve market acceptance. Our ability to effectively promote and sell any approved products
will also depend on pricing and cost-effectiveness, including our ability to produce a product at a competitive price and our ability
to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate
level of acceptance by physicians, patients and third-party payors, our ability to generate revenues from that product would be
substantially reduced. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our
product candidates may require significant resources, may be constrained by FDA rules and policies on product promotion, and
may never be successful. 

If approved, our product candidates
will face competition from less expensive generic products of competitors, and, if we are unable to differentiate the benefits
of our product candidates over these less expensive alternatives, we may never generate meaningful product revenues.   

Generic therapies are typically sold at
lower prices than branded therapies and are generally preferred by hospital formularies and managed care providers of health services.
We anticipate that, if approved, our product candidates will face increasing competition in the form of generic versions of branded
products of competitors that have lost or will lose their patent exclusivity. In the future, we may face additional competition
from a generic form when the patents covering it begin to expire, or earlier if the patents are successfully challenged. If we
are unable to demonstrate to physicians and payers that the key differentiating features of our product candidates translate to
overall clinical benefit or lower cost of care, we may not be able to compete with generic alternatives. 

Reimbursement may be limited or unavailable
in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our products profitably.   

There is significant uncertainty related
to the third-party coverage and reimbursement of newly approved drugs. Such third-party payors include government health programs
such as Medicare, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. We intend to seek approval to market
our product candidates in the US, the EU and other selected foreign jurisdictions. Market acceptance and sales of our product candidates
in both domestic and international markets will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement
from third-party payors for any of our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures.
Government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the
level of reimbursement for new drugs and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates.
These payors may conclude that our product candidates are less safe, less effective or less cost-effective than existing or future
introduced products, and third-party payors may not approve our product candidates for coverage and reimbursement or may cease
providing coverage and reimbursement for these product candidates. 

Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval
for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time consuming and costly process that could require us to provide
to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products. We may not be able to provide
data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. If reimbursement of our future products is unavailable
or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. 

In some foreign countries, particularly
in the EU, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations
with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product candidate. To obtain
reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials that compare the
cost-effectiveness of our product candidates to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our product candidates is unavailable
or limited in scope or amount in a particular country, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve
or sustain profitability of our products in such country. 

If we are unable to establish sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities or to enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates,
we may not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if and when they are approved.   

We currently do not have a marketing or
sales organization for the marketing, sales and distribution of pharmaceutical products. In order to commercialize any product
candidate that receives marketing approval, we would need to build marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical
capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. In the
event of successful development and regulatory approval of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate,
we expect to build a targeted specialist sales force to market or co-promote the product. There are risks involved with establishing
our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time
consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force
and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred
these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales
and marketing personnel.         

Factors that may inhibit our efforts to
commercialize our products on our own include, but are not necessarily limited to: 

our inability to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;  

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products;  

the lack of complementary or other products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage from the perspective of sales efficiency relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and  

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization.  

As an alternative to establishing our own
sales force, we may choose to partner with third parties that have well-established direct sales forces to sell, market and distribute
our products. 

We rely, and expect to continue to
rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily,
including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials or complying with applicable regulatory requirements.   

We rely on third-party contract research
organizations and site management organizations to conduct some of our preclinical studies and all of our clinical trials for our
product candidates and for any future product candidate. We expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as contract research
organizations, site management organizations, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators,
to conduct some of our preclinical studies and all of our clinical trials. The agreements with these third parties might terminate
for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements,
that could delay our product development activities. 

Our reliance on these third parties for
research and development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities.
For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials are conducted in
accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial and for ensuring that our preclinical studies are
conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice (GLP) as appropriate. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with standards,
commonly referred to as good clinical practices (GCPs) for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to
assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants
are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical investigators
and trial sites. If we or any of our clinical research organizations fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated
in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform
additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory
authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials complies with GCP regulations. In addition,
our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We also are required to register ongoing
clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within
specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 

The third parties with whom we have contracted
to help perform our preclinical studies or clinical trials may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be
our competitors. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct
our preclinical studies or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able
to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed
in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

If any of our relationships with these
third-party contract research organizations or site management organizations terminates, we may not be able to enter into arrangements
with alternative contract research organizations or site management organizations or to do so on commercially reasonable terms.
Switching or adding additional contract research organizations or site management organizations involves additional cost and requires
management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new contract research organization or site
management organization commences work. As a result, delays could occur, which could compromise our ability to meet our desired
development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our contract research organizations or site management
organizations, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future. 

We contract with third parties for
the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing and expect to continue to do so for commercialization.
This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or any
future product candidate or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization
efforts.   

We do not have any manufacturing facilities
or manufacturing personnel. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates
for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receive marketing
approval. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates
or any future product candidate or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development
or commercialization efforts. 

We also expect to rely on third-party manufacturers
or third-party collaborators for the manufacture of commercial supply of any product candidates for which our collaborators or
we obtain marketing approval. We may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable
terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails
additional risks, including, but not necessarily limited to: 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance;  

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party;  

manufacturing delays if our third-party manufacturers give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreement between us;  

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and  

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us.  

We rely on our third-party manufacturers
to produce or purchase from third-party suppliers the materials and equipment necessary to produce our product candidates for our
pre-clinical and clinical trials. There are a limited number of suppliers for raw materials and equipment that we use (or that
are used on our behalf) to manufacture our drugs, and there may be a need to assess alternate suppliers to prevent a possible disruption
of the manufacture of the materials and equipment necessary to produce our product candidates for our pre-clinical and clinical
trials, and if approved, ultimately for commercial sale. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition
of these raw materials or equipment by our third-party manufacturers. Any significant delay in the supply of a product candidate,
or the raw material components thereof, for an ongoing pre-clinical or clinical trial due to the need to replace a third-party
manufacturer could considerably delay completion of our pre-clinical or clinical trials, product testing and potential regulatory
approval of our product candidates. If our manufacturers or we are unable to purchase these raw materials or equipment after regulatory
approval has been obtained for our product candidates, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed or there
would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our product candidates. 

The facilities used by our contract manufacturers
to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit
an NDA to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturers
for compliance with cGMP regulations for manufacture of our product candidates. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply
with the cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party
manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product
candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect
supplies of our products. 

One or more of the product candidates that
we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited
number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. Any performance
failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. We do not currently
have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a second source for bulk drug substance. If our current contract manufacturers
cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers. We may incur added costs and delays in identifying
and qualifying any replacement manufacturers. The DEA restricts the importation of a controlled substance finished drug product
when the same substance is commercially available in the United States, which could reduce the number of potential alternative
manufacturers for one or more of our product candidates. 

Our current and anticipated future dependence
upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability
to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 

We also expect to rely on other third parties
to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay
clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products, producing additional
losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 

We rely on clinical data and results
obtained by third parties that could ultimately prove to be inaccurate or unreliable.   

As part of our strategy to mitigate development
risk, we seek to develop product candidates with validated mechanisms of action and we utilize biomarkers to assess potential clinical
efficacy early in the development process. This strategy necessarily relies upon clinical data and other results obtained by third
parties that may ultimately prove to be inaccurate or unreliable. Further, such clinical data and results may be based on products
or product candidates that are significantly different from our product candidates or any future product candidate. If the third-party
data and results we rely upon prove to be inaccurate, unreliable or not applicable to our product candidates or future product
candidate, we could make inaccurate assumptions and conclusions about our product candidates and our research and development efforts
could be compromised. 

If we breach any of the agreements
under which we license rights to one or more of product candidates from others, we could lose the ability to continue to develop
and commercialize such product candidate.   

Currently we have in-licensed the rights
to all of our product candidates from COH, and in the future will continue to in-license additional product candidates from additional
third parties. As a result, if there is any dispute between us and our licensor regarding our rights under our license agreement,
our ability to develop and commercialize these product candidates may be adversely affected. Any uncured, material breach under
our license agreements could result in our loss of exclusive rights to our product candidates and may lead to a complete termination
of our related product development efforts. 

We may not be able to manage our
business effectively if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel.   

We may not be able to attract or retain
qualified management and commercial, scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified
personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel
to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development
objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

Our employees may engage in misconduct
or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business.   

We are exposed to the risk of employee
fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate
information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state health-care fraud
and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular,
sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to
prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide
range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements.
Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result
in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. The precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not
be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other
actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted
against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact
on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

We face potential product liability
exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for one or more of our product candidates
or a future product candidate we may license or acquire and may have to limit their commercialization.   

The use of one or more of our product candidates
and any future product candidate we may license or acquire in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain
marketing approval expose us to the risk of product liability claims. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly
causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product
liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent
in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Product liability claims might be brought against us by
consumers, health care providers or others using, administering or selling our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves
against these claims, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result
in: 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;  

termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs;  

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop;  

initiation of investigations by regulators;  

impairment of our business reputation;  

costs of related litigation;  

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants;  

loss of revenues;   

reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy; and  

the inability to commercialize our product candidate or future product candidates.  

We will obtain limited product liability
insurance coverage for any and all of our upcoming clinical trials. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us or may
not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly
expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts
to protect us against losses due to liability. When needed we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial
products if we obtain marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain
commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. On occasion, large judgments have
been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claims
or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to fall and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could
decrease our cash and adversely affect our business. 

Our future growth depends on our
ability to identify and acquire or in-license products and if we do not successfully identify and acquire or in-license related
product candidates or integrate them into our operations, we may have limited growth opportunities.   

An important part of our business strategy
is to continue to develop a pipeline of product candidates by acquiring or in-licensing products, businesses or technologies that
we believe are a strategic fit with our focus on novel combinations of immuno-oncology antibodies and small molecule kinase inhibitors.
Future in-licenses or acquisitions, however, may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including, but not necessarily
limited to: 

exposure to unknown liabilities;  

disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention to develop acquired products or technologies;  

difficulty or inability to secure financing to fund development activities for such acquired or in-licensed technologies in the current economic environment;  

incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of securities to pay for acquisitions;  

higher than expected acquisition and integration costs;  

increased amortization expenses;  

difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel;  

impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and  

inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses.  

We have limited resources to identify and
execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current
infrastructure. In particular, we may compete with larger pharmaceutical companies and other competitors in our efforts to establish
new collaborations and in-licensing opportunities. These competitors likely will have access to greater financial resources than
us and may have greater expertise in identifying and evaluating new opportunities. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential
acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such
efforts. 

We may expend our limited resources
to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be
more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.   

Because we have limited financial and managerial
resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may
forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater
commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable
market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific
indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target
market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing
or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization
rights to such product candidate. 

If we fail to comply with environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business.   

We are subject to numerous environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment
and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including
chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties
for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. Although
we believe that the safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by these
laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of
contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any
liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties
for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 

Although we maintain workers  compensation
insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous
materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental
liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous
or radioactive materials. 

In addition, we may incur substantial costs
in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and
regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also
may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.   

Despite the implementation of security
measures, our internal computer systems are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters,
terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Any system failure, accident or security breach that causes interruptions
in our operations could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial
data from completed clinical trials for one or more of our product conducts could result in delays in our regulatory approval
efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach
results in a loss or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we may incur liability and the further development of one or more of our product candidates may be delayed. 

We are in part reliant on the City
of Hope National Medical Center for research and development and early clinical testing of certain of our product candidates.   

A substantial portion of our research and
development has been conducted by COH pursuant to a sponsored research agreement executed between Mustang and COH in March 2015.
We have limited control over the nature or timing of COH s research and limited visibility into its day-to-day activities.
Our future success is heavily dependent on the results of research and development efforts of Dr. Stephen Forman and his laboratory
team at COH. 

CAR-T is a new approach to cancer
treatment that presents significant challenges.   

We have concentrated our research and development
efforts on CAR-T technology, and our future success is highly dependent on the successful development of T cell immunotherapies
in general and our CAR-T technology and product candidates in particular. Because CAR-T is a new approach to cancer immunotherapy
and cancer treatment generally, developing and commercializing our product candidates subjects us to a number of challenges, including,
but not necessarily limited to: 

obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities that may have very limited experience with the commercial development of genetically modified T cell therapies for cancer;  

developing and deploying consistent and reliable processes for engineering a patient s T cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered T cells back into the patient;  

conditioning patients with chemotherapy in conjunction with delivering each of our products, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects of our products;  

educating medical personnel regarding the potential side effect profile of each of our products;  

developing processes for the safe administration of these products, including long-term follow-up for all patients who receive our product candidates;  

sourcing clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the materials used to manufacture and process our product candidates;  

developing a manufacturing process and distribution network with a cost of goods that allows for an attractive return on investment;  

establishing sales and marketing capabilities after obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance, and obtaining adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; and  

developing therapies for types of cancers beyond those addressed by our current product candidates.  

Product candidates, even if successfully
developed and commercialized, may be effective only in combatting certain specific types of cancer, and the market for drugs designed
to combat such cancer types may be small and unprofitable.   

There are many different types of cancer,
and a treatment that is effective against one type of cancer may not be effective against another. CAR-T or other technologies
we pursue may only be effective in combatting specific types of cancer but not others. Even if one or more of our products proves
to be an effective treatment against a given type of cancer, the number of patients suffering from such cancer may be small, in
which case potential sales from a drug designed to combat such cancer would be limited. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property  

If we are unable to obtain and maintain
patent protection for our technology and products or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad,
our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully
commercialize our technology and products may be impaired.   

Our commercial success will depend in part
on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection in the US and other countries with respect to our
product candidates or any future product candidate that we may license or acquire and the methods we use to manufacture them, as
well as successfully defending these patents and trade secrets against third-party challenges. We seek to protect our proprietary
position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product candidates. We will only be able
to protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets
cover them. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive
and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify any patentable aspects of our research and development
output, and, if we do, an opportunity to obtain patent protection may have passed. If our licensors or we fail to obtain or maintain
patent protection or trade secret protection for one or more of product candidates or any future product candidate we may
license or acquire, third parties may be able to access our proprietary information, which could impair our ability to compete
in the market and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability. Moreover, should we enter into other
collaborations we may be required to consult with or cede control to collaborators regarding the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement
of licensed patents. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the
best interests of our business. 

The patent position of biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been
the subject of much litigation. In addition, no consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical or
biotechnology patents has emerged to date in the US. The patent situation outside the US is even more uncertain. The laws of foreign
countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the US. For example, European patent law restricts the patentability
of methods of treatment of the human body more than US law does. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often
lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the US and other jurisdictions are typically not published until
18 months after a first filing, if at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we or our licensors were the first
to make the inventions claimed in patents or pending patent applications that we own or licensed, or that we or our licensors were
the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. In the event that a third party has also filed a US patent application
relating to our product candidates or a similar invention, depending upon the priority dates claimed by the competing parties,
we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the PTO to determine priority of invention in the US. The costs
of these proceedings could be substantial and it is possible that our efforts to establish priority of invention would be unsuccessful,
resulting in a material adverse effect on our US patent position. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability
and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents
being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing
competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the US and other
countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. For example, the federal courts of
the US have taken an increasingly dim view of the patent eligibility of certain subject matter, such as naturally occurring nucleic
acid sequences, amino acid sequences and certain methods of utilizing same, which include their detection in a biological sample
and diagnostic conclusions arising from their detection. Such subject matter, which had long been a staple of the biotechnology
and biopharmaceutical industry to protect their discoveries, is now considered, with few exceptions, ineligible in the first place
for protection under the patent laws of the US. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced
in our patents or in those licensed from a third-party. 

Recent patent reform legislation could
increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our
issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The
Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the
way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The PTO recently developed new regulations and procedures
to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith
Act, and in particular, the first inventor-to-file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is
not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and
its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement
or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  

Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party
preissuance submission of prior art to the PTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination,  inter partes 
review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse
determination in any such submission, patent office trial, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, render unenforceable,
or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us,
without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent
rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it
could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 

Even if our patent applications issue as
patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with
us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents
by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

The issuance of a patent does not foreclose
challenges to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Therefore, our owned and licensed patents may be challenged
in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent
claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from
using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology
and products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents
protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result,
our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products
similar or identical to ours. 

We depend on our licensors for the
maintenance and enforcement of intellectual property covering certain of our product candidates and have limited control, if any,
over the amount or timing of resources that our licensors devote on our behalf, or whether any financial difficulties experienced
by our licensors could result in their unwillingness or inability to secure, maintain and enforce patents protecting certain of
our product candidates.   

We depend on our licensors to protect the
proprietary rights covering our product candidates and we have limited, if any, control over the amount or timing of resources
that they devote on our behalf, or the priority they place on, maintaining patent rights and prosecuting patent applications to
our advantage. 

Our licensors, depending on the patent
or application, are responsible for maintaining issued patents and prosecuting patent applications. We cannot be sure that they
will perform as required. Should they decide they no longer want to maintain any of the patents licensed to us, they are required
to afford us the opportunity to do so at our expense. If our licensors do not perform, and if we do not assume the maintenance
of the licensed patents in sufficient time to make required payments or filings with the appropriate governmental agencies, we
risk losing the benefit of all or some of those patent rights. Moreover, our licensors may experience serious difficulties related
to their overall business or financial stability, and they may be unwilling or unable to continue to expend the financial resources
required to maintain and prosecute these patents and patent applications. While we intend to take actions reasonably necessary
to enforce our patent rights, we depend, in part, on our licensors to protect a substantial portion of our proprietary rights. 

Our licensors may also be notified of alleged
infringement and be sued for infringement of third-party patents or other proprietary rights. We may have limited, if any, control
or involvement over the defense of these claims, and our licensors could be subject to injunctions and temporary or permanent exclusionary
orders in the US or other countries. Our licensors are not obligated to defend or assist in our defense against third-party claims
of infringement. We have limited, if any, control over the amount or timing of resources, if any, that our licensors devote on
our behalf or the priority they place on defense of such third-party claims of infringement. 

Because of the uncertainty inherent in
any patent or other litigation involving proprietary rights, we or our licensors may not be successful in defending claims of intellectual
property infringement alleged by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Regardless
of the outcome of any litigation, defending the litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and distracting to management. 

Because it is difficult and costly
to protect our proprietary rights, we may not be able to ensure their protection.   

The degree of future protection for our
proprietary rights is uncertain, because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or
permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 

our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and issued patents;  

our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions;  

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate our product candidates or any future product candidate technologies;  

it is possible that none of the pending patent applications licensed to us will result in issued patents;  

the issued patents covering our product candidates or any future product candidate may not provide a basis for market exclusivity for active products, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged by third parties;  

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; or  

patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business.  

We may become involved in lawsuits
to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful.   

Competitors may infringe our issued patents
or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file one or more actions for
patent infringement, which can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims we assert against accused infringers could provoke these
parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding,
a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly
or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology
in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated,
rendered unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly. 

If we are sued for infringing intellectual
property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in any litigation would harm
our business.   

Our ability to develop, manufacture, market
and sell one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate that we may license or acquire depends upon our
ability to avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous US and foreign issued patents and pending patent
applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the general fields of fully human immuno-oncology targeted antibodies
and cover the use of numerous compounds and formulations in our targeted markets. Because of the uncertainty inherent in any patent
or other litigation involving proprietary rights, we and our licensors may not be successful in defending intellectual property
claims asserted by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Regardless of the outcome
of any litigation, defending the litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and distracting to management. In addition, because
patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications that are unknown to us, which may
later result in issued patents that one or more of our product candidates may infringe. There could also be existing patents of
which we are not aware that one or more of our product candidates may infringe, even if only inadvertently. 

There is a substantial amount of litigation
involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries generally. If a third
party claims that we infringe their patents or misappropriated their technology, we could face a number of issues, including: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims which,
with or without merit, can be expensive and time consuming to litigate and can divert management s attention from our core
business; 

substantial damages for past infringement which we may
have to pay if a court decides that our product infringes a competitor s patent; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our product
unless the patent holder licenses the patent to us, which it would not be required to do; 

if a license is available from a patent holder, we may
have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents; and 

redesigning our processes so they do not infringe, which
may not be possible or could require substantial funds and time. 

Intellectual property litigation
could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities.   

Even if resolved in our favor, litigation
or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract
our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of
the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive
these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings
could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales,
marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings
adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we
can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation
or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

We may need to license certain intellectual
property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms.   

A third party may hold intellectual property,
including patent rights that are important or necessary to the development and commercialization of our products. It may be necessary
for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be
required to obtain a license from these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or our business could be harmed, possibly
materially. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
in our intellectual property licenses and funding arrangements with third parties, we could lose rights that are important to our
business.   

We are currently a party to a license agreement
with COH. In the future, we may become party to licenses that are important for product development and commercialization. If we
fail to comply with our obligations under current or future license and funding agreements, our counterparties may have the right
to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any product or utilize any
technology that is covered by these agreements or may face other penalties under the agreements. Such an occurrence could materially
and adversely affect the value of a product candidate being developed under any such agreement or could restrict our drug discovery
activities. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our
having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements,
including our rights to important intellectual property or technology. 

We may be subject to claims that
our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers.   

As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industry, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our
competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that we
or these employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former
employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed.   

In addition to seeking patent protection
for our product candidates or any future product candidate, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology
and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position, particularly where we do not believe patent protection
is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We limit disclosure of such trade secrets where
possible but we also seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements
with parties who do have access to them, such as our employees, our licensors, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators,
contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent
assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements
and may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able
to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret
is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United
States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained
or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from
using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed
by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed.  

Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital
Requirements  

We have incurred significant losses
since our inception. We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and may never achieve or maintain profitability.   

We are an emerging growth company with
a limited operating history. We have focused primarily on in-licensing and developing our product candidates, with the goal of
supporting regulatory approval for these product candidates. We have incurred losses since our inception in March 2015, and have
an accumulated deficit of $8.4 million as of September 30, 2016. We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for
the foreseeable future. We also do not anticipate that we will achieve profitability for a period of time after generating material
revenues, if ever. If we are unable to generate revenues, we will not become profitable and may be unable to continue operations
without continued funding. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when
or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to
year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if: 

one or more of our product candidates are approved for commercial sale, due to our ability to establish the necessary commercial infrastructure to launch this product candidate without substantial delays, including hiring sales and marketing personnel and contracting with third parties for warehousing, distribution, cash collection and related commercial activities;  

we are required by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities, to perform studies in addition to those currently expected;  

there are any delays in completing our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates;  

we execute other collaborative, licensing or similar arrangements and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements;  

there are variations in the level of expenses related to our future development programs;  

there are any product liability or intellectual property infringement lawsuits in which we may become involved;  

there are any regulatory developments affecting product candidates of our competitors; and  

one or more of our product candidates receives regulatory approval.  

Our ability to become profitable depends
upon our ability to generate revenue. To date, we have not generated any revenue from our development stage products, and we do
not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue. Our ability to generate revenue depends on a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, our ability to: 

obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates, or any future product candidate that we may license or acquire;  

manufacture commercial quantities of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate, if approved, at acceptable cost levels; and  

develop a commercial organization and the supporting infrastructure required to successfully market and sell one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate, if approved.  

Even if we do achieve profitability, we
may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable
would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research
and development efforts, diversify our product offerings or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company
could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

Our
short operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.   

We were incorporated in March 2015 and
have only been conducting operations with respect to our product candidates since March 2015. Our operations to date have been
limited to preclinical operations and the in-licensing of our product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial scale product, or arrange for a third party to
do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently,
any predictions about our future performance may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing
and commercializing pharmaceutical products. 

In addition, as a young business, we may
encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to expand
our capabilities to support commercial activities. We may not be successful in adding such capabilities. 

We expect our financial condition and operating
results to continue to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which
are beyond our control. Accordingly, you should not rely upon the results of any past quarterly period as an indication of future
operating performance. 

We do not have any products that
are approved for commercial sale and therefore do not expect to generate any revenues from product sales in the foreseeable future,
if ever.   

We have not generated any product related
revenues to date, and do not expect to generate any such revenues for at least the next several years, if at all. To obtain revenues
from sales of our product candidates, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory
approval for, manufacturing and marketing products with commercial potential. We may never succeed in these activities, and we
may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations or achieve profitability. 

We will require substantial additional
funding which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise the necessary additional capital,
we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates, or continue our development programs.   

Our operations have consumed substantial
amounts of cash since inception. We expect to significantly increase our spending to advance the preclinical and clinical development
of our product candidates and launch and commercialize any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, including
building our own commercial organizations to address certain markets. We will require additional capital for the further development
and commercialization of our product candidates, as well as to fund our other operating expenses and capital expenditures, and
cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise funds to complete the development of our product. 

We cannot be certain that additional funding
will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms
acceptable to us we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more
of our product candidates. We may also seek collaborators for one or more of our current or future product candidates at an earlier
stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. Any of these events
could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Our future funding requirements will depend
on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing, design and conduct of, and results from, pre-clinical and clinical trials for our product candidates;  

the potential for delays in our efforts to seek regulatory approval for our product candidates, and any costs associated with such delays;  

the costs of establishing a commercial organization to sell, market and distribute our product candidates;  

the rate of progress and costs of our efforts to prepare for the submission of an NDA for any product candidates that we may in-license or acquire in the future, and the potential that we may need to conduct additional clinical trials to support applications for regulatory approval;  

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights associated with our product candidates, including any such costs we may be required to expend if our licensors are unwilling or unable to do so;  

the cost and timing of securing sufficient supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturers for clinical trials and in preparation for commercialization;  

the effect of competing technological and market developments;  

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements that we may establish;  

if one or more of our product candidates are approved, the potential that we may be required to file a lawsuit to defend our patent rights or regulatory exclusivities from challenges by companies seeking to market generic versions of one or more of our product candidates; and  

the success of the commercialization of one or more of our product candidates.  

Future capital requirements will also depend
on the extent to which we acquire or invest in additional complementary businesses, products and technologies, but we currently
have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions. 

In order to carry out our business plan
and implement our strategy, we anticipate that we will need to obtain additional financing from time to time and may choose to
raise additional funds through strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, public or private equity or debt financing, bank
lines of credit, asset sales, government grants, or other arrangements. We cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed,
will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related financing may be dilutive
to our stockholders, and debt or equity financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest
costs. If we obtain funding through a strategic collaboration or licensing arrangement, we may be required to relinquish our rights
to certain of our product candidates or marketing territories. 

Our inability to raise capital when needed
would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could cause our stock value to decline or require that
we wind down our operations altogether. 

Raising additional capital may cause
dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights.   

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate
substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, grants
and license and development agreements in connection with any collaborations. To the extent that we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may
include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity
financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 

If we raise additional funds through collaborations,
strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may
not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required
to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and
market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

We will continue to incur significant
increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to
new compliance initiatives.   

We intend to become a listed and traded
public company. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, and the rules of any stock exchange on
which we become listed. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls and appropriate corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel
have devoted and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and
regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example,
these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance,
and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors,
our board committees or as executive officers. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among
other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. As a
result, we are required to periodically perform an evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management
to report on the effectiveness of those controls, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Additionally, our
independent auditors are required to perform a similar evaluation and report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting. These efforts to comply with Section 404 and related regulations have required, and continue to require,
the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources. While we anticipate maintaining the integrity of our internal
controls over financial reporting and all other aspects of Section 404, we cannot be certain that a material weakness will
not be identified when we test the effectiveness of our control systems in the future. If a material weakness is identified, we
could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial
and management resources, costly litigation or a loss of public confidence in our internal controls, which could have an adverse
effect on the market price of our stock. 

A business that we identify as a potential
acquisition target may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of
our securities.  

We are an  emerging growth
company  and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
our securities less attractive to investors.    

We are an  emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (the  JOBS Act ). We will remain an  emerging growth company 
for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or revenues exceeds $1 billion, or
the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter
of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth
company, we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are
exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies, but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required
to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company, which is
neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company, which has opted out of using the extended transition period,
difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.  

Our results of operations and liquidity
needs could be materially negatively affected by market fluctuations and economic downturn.   

Our results of operations could be materially
negatively affected by economic conditions generally, both in the US and elsewhere around the world. Continuing concerns over inflation,
energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the US mortgage market and residential real estate market
in the US have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going forward. These
factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated
an economic recession and fears of a possible depression. Domestic and international equity markets continue to experience heightened
volatility and turmoil. These events and the continuing market upheavals may have an adverse effect on us. In the event of a continuing
market downturn, our results of operations could be adversely affected by those factors in many ways, including making it more
difficult for us to raise funds if necessary, and our stock price may further decline.     

Our ability to use our pre-change
NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitation.   

We may, from time to time, carry net operating
loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) as deferred tax assets on our balance sheet.  Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater
than 50-percentage- point cumulative change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year
period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
taxable income or taxes may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership,
some of which changes are outside our control. As a result, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes
to offset post-change taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitation. 

Risks Relating to Securities Markets
and Investment in Our Stock  

Our stock may be subject to substantial
price and volume fluctuations due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control and may prevent our stockholders
from reselling our common stock at a profit.   

The market prices for securities of biotechnology
and pharmaceutical companies have historically been highly volatile, and the market has from time to time experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. 

Once listed and trading, the market price
of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including: 

announcements concerning the progress of our efforts to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates or any future product candidate, including any requests we receive from the FDA for additional studies or data that result in delays in obtaining regulatory approval or launching these product candidates, if approved;  

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors or the economy as a whole;  

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market;  

the failure of one or more of our product candidates or any future product candidate, if approved, to achieve commercial success;  

announcements of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;  

developments concerning product development results or intellectual property rights of others;  

litigation or public concern about the safety of our potential products;  

actual fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, and concerns by investors that such fluctuations may occur in the future;  

deviations in our operating results from the estimates of securities analysts or other analyst comments;  

additions or departures of key personnel;  

health care reform legislation, including measures directed at controlling the pricing of pharmaceutical products, and third-party coverage and reimbursement policies;  

developments concerning current or future strategic collaborations; and  

discussion of us or our stock price by the financial and scientific press and in online investor communities.  

Fortress controls a voting majority
of our Equity Securities.   

Pursuant to the terms of the Class A Preferred
Stock held by Fortress, Fortress is entitled to cast, for each share of Class A Preferred held by Fortress, the number of votes
that is equal to one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A) the shares of outstanding common
stock and (B) the whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock and the Class A Preferred
Stock are convertible and the denominator of which is the number of shares of outstanding Class A Preferred Stock. Accordingly,
Fortress is able to control or significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election
of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. The interests of Fortress may not always coincide
with the interests of other stockholders, and Fortress may take actions that advance its own interests and are contrary to the
desires of our other stockholders. Moreover, this concentration of voting power may delay, prevent or deter a change in control
of us even when such a change may be in the best interests of all stockholders, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity
to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of Mustang or our assets, and might affect the prevailing market
price of our common stock. 

Fortress has the right to receive
a significant grant of shares of our Common Stock annually which will result in the dilution of your holdings of Common Stock upon
each grant, which could reduce their value. COH has anti-dilution protection that could result in the dilution of your holding
upon an initial public offering or sale of the Company.   

Under the terms of the Second Amended and
Restated Founders Agreement, which became effective July 22, 2016, Fortress will receive a grant of shares of our Common Stock
equal to 2.5% of the gross amount of any equity or debt financing. Additionally, the Class A Preferred Stock, as a class, will
receive an annual dividend on March 13   th  , payable in shares of Common Stock in
an amount equal to 2.5% of our fully-diluted outstanding capital stock as of the business day immediately prior to March 13  
th   of such year. Fortress currently owns all outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock. These share issuances
to Fortress and any other holder of Class A Preferred Stock will dilute your holdings in our Common Stock and, if the value of
Mustang has not grown proportionately over the prior year, would result in a reduction in the value of your shares. The Second
Amended and Restated Founders Agreement has a term of 15 years and renews automatically for subsequent one-year periods unless
terminated by Fortress or upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Founders Agreement). 

The Class A Common Stock held by COH has
anti-dilution protection that gives them the right to additional shares of stock if their shares are not worth $5 million at the
time of an initial public offering or sale of the Company. The amount of shares received by COH will be a number that makes their
total share position worth $5 million at the time of the initial public offering or sale of the Company. If any shares are required
to be issued to COH, your holdings in our Common Stock will be diluted and result in a reduction in the value of your shares. No
assurance can be given that the value of the Company at the time of the initial public offering or sale of the Company will be
sufficient to avoid the issuance of shares to COH. 

We might have received better terms
from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we receive in our agreements with Fortress.   

The agreements we have entered into with
Fortress include a Management Services Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Founders Agreement. While we believe the terms
of these agreements are reasonable, they might not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm s-length negotiations
between unaffiliated third parties. The terms of the agreements relate to, among other things, payment of a royalty on product
sales and the provision of employment and transition services. We might have received better terms from third parties because,
among other things, third parties might have competed with each other to win our business. 

The dual roles of our officers and
directors who also serve in similar roles with Fortress could create a conflict of interest.    

We share some directors with Fortress,
and in addition, under the Management Services Agreement, we will also share some officers with Fortress.  This could create
conflicts of interest between the two companies in the future.  While we believe that the Second Amended and Restated Founders
Agreement and the Management Services Agreement were negotiated by independent parties on both sides on arm s length terms,
and the fiduciary duties of both parties were thereby satisfied, in the future situations may arise under the operation of these
and other agreements that may create a conflict of interest.  We will have to be diligent to ensure that any such situation
is resolved by independent parties.  In particular, under the Management Services Agreement, Fortress and its affiliates are
free to pursue opportunities which could potentially be of interest to Mustang, and they are not required to notify Mustang prior
to pursuing such opportunities. Any such conflict of interest or pursuit by Fortress of a corporate opportunity independent of
Mustang could expose us to claims by our investors and creditors and could harm our results of operations. 

We may become involved in securities
class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business.   

The stock markets have from time to time
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the common stock of biotechnology
and pharmaceutical companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our stock to decline. In the past,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities.
This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock
price volatility in recent years. We may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation often is expensive
and diverts management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. 

Item 2.   Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

In September
2016, we entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with NSC relating to a private placement of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Placement
Agent Agreement, we agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee of 10% of the gross proceeds from the offering and granted a
warrant exercisable for shares of Common Stock equal to 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the offering
(the  Placement Agent Warrants ). In addition, we adopted a form of unit purchase agreement for investors. The Common
Stock and Warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of 10,000 shares of our Common Stock, and Warrants exercisable
for 2,500 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share. The purchase price was $65,000 per Unit. The warrants
have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash.  

On September 30, 2016, we had an initial
closing in which we issued 1,914,833 unregistered shares of Common Stock and 478,708 unregistered Warrants. NSC received 191,483
Placement Agent Warrants. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received gross proceeds of $12.4 million, before commissions
and expenses of $1.3 million, which was primarily composed of the 10% placement agent fee paid to NSC.  The shares of Common
Stock and Warrants were issued under an exemption from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. 

On October 25, 2016, we closed an
additional round of financing in which we received gross proceeds of $7.1 million, before expenses, in a private placement of
shares and warrants for which NSC was the placement agent and received a fee of $0.7 million or approximately 10% of the
gross proceeds. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant
exercisable for 2,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a total price of $65,000 per unit.
The warrants have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. We issued 1,100,000 unregistered shares of Common
Stock and 272,645 warrants in connection with this transaction. In addition, the placement agent received 109,058 warrants or
approximately 10% of the shares issued. The shares of Common Stock and Warrants were issued under an exemption from the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

We expect to use the net proceeds from
the above transaction primarily for general corporate purposes, which may include financing our growth, developing new or existing
product candidates, and funding capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments. 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5.   Other Information  

None. 

Item 6.   Exhibits  

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit  
          No.   
       
      Description   
 
     10.1 
       
     Placement Agent Agreement between Mustang, Bio Inc. and National Holdings, Inc. dated August 3, 2016  

10.2 
       
      Form of Investor Unit Purchase Agreement 

31.1 
       
     Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 
       
     The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC..  

November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss  

Michael S. Weiss, Chairman, President and 
         Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

By: 
     /s/ David J. Horin  

David J. Horin 
         Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  
          No.   
       
      Description   
 
     10.1 
       
     Placement Agent Agreement between Mustang, Bio Inc. and National Holdings, Inc. dated August 3, 2016  

10.2 
       
      Form of Investor Unit Purchase Agreement 

31.1 
       
     Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 
       
     The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452461_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT  

Dated: August 3, 2016 

Mustang Bio, Inc. 

 2 Gansevoort Street, 9 th  Floor 

 New York, New York 10014 

 Attn: Michael Weiss 

Dear Mr. Weiss: 

National Securities Corporation ( National )
is pleased to act as placement agent for Mustang Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), on the terms set
forth in this Placement Agent Agreement (this  Agreement ), and we both agree as follows: 

1.                  
  Offering  

(a)                
  Agreement to Act as Placement Agent; Offering . The Company hereby engages National to act as its exclusive placement
agent (the  Placement Agent ) during the term of this Agreement in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company
(the  Offering ) of a minimum of 153.85 and a maximum of 461.54 units (each, a  Unit  and, collectively,
the  Units ) plus up to an aggregate of 615.38 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. Each Unit consists
of (i) 10,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) and (ii)
a warrant exercisable into 2,500 shares of Common Stock (each a  Warrant  and, collectively, the  Warrants ),
at a purchase price of $65,000 per Unit subject to lesser amounts being accepted at the Company s discretion. The Company
and Placement Agent acknowledge that the terms set forth above, although anticipated to be representative of the final terms of
an offering, are subject to change based on definitive terms negotiated between the Company and prospective investor(s) and represented
as such in final offering documents. 

The Units will be offered
pursuant to a confidential private placement memorandum, prepared by the Company in substantially the form attached as  Exhibit
A  hereto (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the  Offering Memorandum,  and, together
with all amendments, supplements, ancillary documents and exhibits, collectively, the  Transaction Documents ), subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Documents, and the Unit Purchase Agreement to be entered into contemporaneously
with each closing of the Offering attached as  Exhibit A  to the Offering Memorandum (the  Purchase Agreement ).
In connection with the Offering, the Placement Agent will deliver to each prospective investor contacted by it, prior to accepting
any subscription from such investor, the Transaction Documents. The Placement Agent will not make an offer of the Units on the
basis of any other communication or document. 

The Units, the Common
Stock, the Warrants, the Placement Agent s Warrants (as defined in Section 5(b)), and the Exercise Shares (as defined below)
are, collectively, the  Securities.  The shares of Common Stock (or any newly issued class of capital stock) issuable
pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants and the Placement Agent s Warrants are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
 Exercise Shares.  The Placement Agent shall comply with all applicable broker-dealer registration requirements, applicable
federal and state securities laws and all Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) regulations with respect
to the Offering and conduct the Offering in accordance with Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ). The Placement Agent s Warrants will contain the terms and conditions set forth in substantially the form of
Placement Agent s Warrant attached as  Exhibit B  hereto. 

(b)               
  Best Efforts Offering; Closing . A minimum of 153.85 Units will be offered by the Placement Agent on a  best
efforts, all or none  basis and any additional Units will be offered by the Placement Agent on a  reasonable efforts 
basis during the Offering Period (as defined in Section 1(c)). The Placement Agent shall not be obligated to sell any Unit. The
Company will issue the appropriate number of Units at each closing (each, a  Closing ), including, without limitation,
the Closing on at least 153.85 Units (the  Initial Closing ), after subscriptions have been received and accepted by
the Company, and when funds from investors have cleared the banking system in the normal course of business. Each Closing will
take place remotely via the electronic exchange of documents and signatures at such time as shall be determined by the Placement
Agent. The Initial Closing will occur within two (2) business days after the date on which subscriptions for at least 153.85 Units
have been received by the Placement Agent (and payment in full therefor has been received by the Escrow Agent (as defined in Section
1(f))), or such later date as determined by the Company and the Placement Agent, excluding any Units subscribed by investors that
are (i) existing investors or (ii) investors introduced by the Company. The Units offered by the Placement Agent, including, without
limitation, the determination of the minimum and maximum number of Units set forth above that may be offered by the Placement Agent,
shall exclude any Units issued upon conversion or cancellation of any outstanding principal and interest of the Company s
existing debt, if applicable. 

(c)                
  Offering Period . The Offering shall commence on the date hereof and shall terminate on November 30, 2016 (as such
date may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Section 1(c), the  Termination Date ), except that (x) the
Termination Date may be extended until December 31, 2016 upon the mutual consent of the Placement Agent and the Company and (y)
in the event that there shall have occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets of the United States, any outbreak
or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity or crisis the effect of which is such to make it, in the
judgment of the Placement Agent, impracticable to market the Securities or enforce contracts for the sale of Securities, the Termination
Date may be unilaterally extended by the Placement Agent for a period not to exceed ninety (90) days from the later of November
30, 2016 or such later date as may have been previously extended by the Placement Agent and the Company pursuant to clause (x)
above. The period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the Termination Date is the  Offering Period. 
If subscriptions for at least the Initial Closing are not received by the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date, all
funds received from investors will be promptly returned by the Placement Agent to the investors without interest or deduction. 

(d)               
  Exemption from Registration . The Securities will be offered without registration under the Securities Act. The Securities
may not be offered or sold except under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2)
of that Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and under exemptions from the applicable state  Blue Sky 
laws. Neither the Company nor the Placement Agent will offer or sell the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general
advertising, including the methods described in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act. The Securities will be offered and sold only
to  accredited investors  within the meaning of Rule 501(a) ( Accredited Investors ) under the Securities
Act. Neither the Company nor the Placement Agent will take any action that would cause the exemptions afforded by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, Rule 506 thereunder, and applicable state  Blue Sky  laws to be invalidated for the offers and
sales of the Securities. 

(e)                
  Payment . Payment for the Units shall be made by wire transfer as more fully described in the Purchase Agreement.
The minimum purchase by any purchaser shall be $65,000, or 1 Unit, except that subscriptions for a lesser amount may be accepted
in the discretion, and mutual agreement, of the Company and the Placement Agent. 

(f)                
  Escrow Arrangement . The Placement Agent shall promptly forward all funds received from subscriptions to the escrow
account designated for the Offering to be held in escrow at Signature Bank (the  Escrow Agent ) under an escrow agreement
among the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Placement Agent in substantially the form attached as  Exhibit C  (the  Escrow
Agreement ) until the applicable Closing. 

(g)               
  Rejections of Subscribers . Each of the Company and the Placement Agent reserves the right to reject any subscriber,
in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent of its election to reject a subscriber
at least one (1) business day prior to the applicable Closing, provided Placement Agent has previously delivered the investor list
to the Company pursuant to Section 2(d). Funds received by the Escrow Agent or the Company from any subscriber whose subscription
is rejected will be returned to the subscriber, without deduction or interest, but no sooner than such funds have cleared the banking
system in the normal course of business. 

2.                  
  Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Placement Agent  

The Placement Agent represents, warrants
and covenants as follows: 

(a)                
  Power . The Placement Agent has the necessary power to enter into this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, and each of
the Placement Agent s Warrants and to consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and those agreements. 

(b)               
  No Conflict . The execution and delivery by the Placement Agent of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, and each
of the Placement Agent s Warrants and the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and those agreements
will not result in any violation of, or be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, any agreement or instrument to which
the Placement Agent is a party or by which the Placement Agent or its properties are bound, or any judgment, decree, order, or
to the Placement Agent s knowledge, any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Placement Agent. This Agreement, the
Escrow Agreement, and each of the Placement Agent s Warrants, when executed and delivered by the Placement Agent, will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Placement Agent, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except
to the extent that (a) the enforceability of those agreements may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, (b) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceedings may be
brought, or (c) the rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited under applicable law. 

(c)                
  Delivery of Transaction Documents . The Placement Agent will deliver to each prospective purchaser, before the purchaser
submits a written offer for the purchase of the Units, a copy of the most recent Transaction Documents. The Placement Agent will
not deliver the Transaction Documents to any person it does not reasonably believe to be an Accredited Investor. 

(d)               
  Broker-Dealer Registration . The Placement Agent is, and through the Offering Period will remain, a member of FINRA
and a broker-dealer registered as such under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). 

(e)                
  No Bad Actors . Neither the Placement Agent, nor any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive
officer, other officer of the Placement Agent participating in the offering, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Company s
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) connected with the Placement Agent in any capacity as of the date hereof (each,
a  Covered Person ) is subject to any of the  Bad Actor  disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)
to (viii) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (a  Disqualification Event ). The Placement Agent has exercised
reasonable care to determine whether any Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

3.                  
  Representations and Warranties of the Company   

The Company represents
and warrants to the Placement Agent as follows: 

(a)                
  Due Authorization; Enforceability . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement
has been, and each of the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants and the Placement Agent s Warrants will be, upon execution by
the Company, duly and validly authorized by the Company and is, or will be, upon execution by the Company, a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except to the extent that (i) the enforceability
hereof or thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws from time to time in effect
and affecting the rights of creditors generally, (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceedings may be brought, or
(iii) the rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited under applicable law. 

(b)               
  Capitalization . All issued and outstanding securities of the Company, have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders of those securities have no rights of rescission, or preemptive rights other
than as set forth in the Transaction Documents, and are not subject to personal liability solely by reason of being security holders;
and none of those securities was issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company. As
of July 28, 2016, the capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Company s General Form for Registration of Securities
on Form 10 filed with the SEC. There are no outstanding options, warrants or other securities or other rights (including conversion
or preemptive rights, rights of first refusal and phantom stock rights), proxy, voting, transfer restriction or stockholder agreements,
or agreements of any kind for the purchase or acquisition from the Company of any of its securities. Immediately prior to the Initial
Closing, the Company shall have reserved for issuance the Exercise Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and Placement
Agent s Warrants. 

(c)                
  Due Authorization of Securities . The Units and the Common Stock issued to the investors have been, or will be, as
the case may be, before the Initial Closing, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Exercise Shares
issued to the Investors and the Placement Agent, or the Placement Agent s designee, will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable upon exercise of each Warrant or Placement Agent s Warrant, as in accordance with their terms.
Each Warrant and Placement Agent s Warrant will be, upon issuance, a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that (i) the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally, and (ii)
the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any proceedings may be brought. The holders of Securities will not be subject to personal
liability solely by reason of being such holders. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any
holder of any security of the Company other than rights for which waivers have been obtained. 

(d)               
  Organization . The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. Except as set forth in the Offering Memorandum, the Company does not own or control, directly
or indirectly, an interest in any corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture or other business entity. The Company is duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the character of its operations
requires such qualification or licensing and where failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The
Company has, or will have for its proposed business before the business is commenced, all requisite corporate power and authority,
and all material and necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental
regulatory officials and bodies (domestic and foreign) to conduct its businesses (and proposed business) as described in the Transaction
Documents except where failure to possess such authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses certificates and permits would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and the Company is doing business in compliance in all material respects with all
such authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules
and regulations concerning the business in which it is engaged. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into this Agreement, and shall have all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Escrow Agreement, the Purchase
Agreement, each of the Warrants and each of the Placement Agent s Warrants at the time of execution and delivery of such
documents, and to carry out the provisions and conditions of this Agreement and those agreements, and all consents, authorizations,
approvals and orders required in connection with this Agreement and those agreements have been obtained or will have been obtained
before the execution of this Agreement or those agreements. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court,
government agency or other body is required by the Company for the issuance of any of the Securities under the Transaction Documents,
this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, any of the Warrants or any of the Placement Agent s Warrants, except for such consents,
authorizations or filings as may be required under applicable federal and state securities laws. As used in this Agreement,  Material
Adverse Effect  means any event, circumstance, change or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, is materially adverse
to (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including results thereof), prospects, or condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in the Transaction
Documents or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. 

(e)                
  Exemption from Registration . Subject to the performance by the Placement Agent of its obligations under this Agreement,
and the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties made in the Purchase Agreement by the Investors (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement), the Transaction Documents and the offer and sale of the Securities comply, and will continue to comply,
up to the Termination Date in all material respects with the requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506
thereunder and any other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not taken nor will it take any
action which conflicts with the conditions and requirements of, or which would make unavailable with respect to the Offering, the
exemption(s) from registration available pursuant to Regulation D or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and knows of no reason
why any such exemption would be otherwise unavailable to it. The Company has not been subject to any order, judgment or decree
of any court of competent jurisdiction temporarily, preliminarily or permanently enjoining it for failing to comply with Section
503 of Regulation D. 

(f)                
  No Misstatements . Neither the Transaction Documents nor any amendment or supplement to it, nor any documents prepared
by the Company for distribution to the offerees in connection with the Offering or made available to offerees by the Company will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All statements of material
facts in the Transaction Documents are correct and complete as of the date of the Transaction Documents and will be correct and
complete on the date of the Closing, except that the statements contained in the Offering Memorandum are only made as of the date
of such memorandum or as of such other date specified therein. There is no fact which the Company has not disclosed to the Placement
Agent and its counsel in writing and of which the Company is aware which materially adversely affects or could materially adversely
affect the business prospects, financial condition, operations, property or affairs of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
The representations in this Section 3(f) shall not apply to statements made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished by the Placement Agent to the Company in writing expressly for use in the Offering Memorandum. 

(g)               
  No Integration.  Except as described in the Transaction Documents or as disclosed to the Placement Agent in writing,
no offers or sales of securities of the same or a similar class as the Securities have been made by the Company or for the Company
during the six-month period ended on the date of this Agreement, and none is currently being made or contemplated by the Company
or on its behalf, in each case that would be integrated with the present Offering and would cause the loss of the exemption from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506 thereunder. Except as described in the Transaction Documents
or as disclosed to the Placement Agent in writing, the Company will not make any offer or sales of securities of the same or a
similar class as the Securities during the six-month period after the completion of the Offering of the Securities, where such
offers or sales would be integrated with the present Offering and would cause the loss of the exemption from registration under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506 thereunder. 

(h)               
  Good Title . Except as disclosed in the Offering Memorandum, the Company owns, has good and marketable title to, or
valid and enforceable leasehold estates in, all items of real and personal property stated in the Transaction Documents to be owned
or leased by it, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims, security interests and defects of any material nature whatsoever,
other than liens for taxes not yet due and payable. 

(i)                 
  Litigation . There is no litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the best of the Company s knowledge,
threatened against, or involving the properties or business of the Company which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(j)                 
  No Material Adverse Change . There has been no material adverse change in the condition of the Company, financial
or otherwise, or in the properties or the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company, whether or not arising
in the ordinary course of business, from the latest dates as of which such condition, properties, earnings, business affairs or
business prospects, respectively, are described in the Transaction Documents. 

(k)               
  No Violation or Default . The Company is not in breach of, or in default under, any term or provision of any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, lease, note, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for
borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties may
be bound or affected except such breach or default that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company is not in violation of any provision of its charter or bylaws. The Company is not in violation of any franchise, license,
permit, judgment, decree or order except such violation that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
and the Company has not received notice that it is in violation of any statute, rule or regulation. Neither the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, any of the Warrants or any of the Placement Agent s Warrants,
nor the issuance and sale or delivery of the Securities, nor the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement
or those agreements, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions of this Agreement or those agreements, has
conflicted with or will conflict with, or has resulted in or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or
has constituted or will constitute a default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien,
charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material
agreement or instrument to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject except
such conflicts, breaches, defaults or rights that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will
such action, result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or the bylaws of the Company, assuming the due performance
by the Placement Agent of its obligations under this Agreement, or, to the Company s knowledge, any statute or any order,
rule or regulation applicable to the Company of any court or of any foreign, federal, state or other regulatory authority, or other
government body having jurisdiction over the Company. 

(l)                 
  Agreements . The Securities, this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, each Warrant, and each
Placement Agent s Warrant conform, or will conform before the Initial Closing, in all material respects to all descriptions
of them in the Transaction Documents. 

(m)             
  Securities Issuances; Transactions; Dividends . Subsequent to the dates as of which information is given in the Transaction
Documents, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated in the Transaction Documents, the Company has not (i) issued
any securities (other than stock options under the Company s incentive plan) or incurred any liability or obligation, direct
or contingent, for borrowed money, or entered into any transaction other than in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) declared
or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on its capital stock. The Company has no outstanding obligation for borrowed
money to any officer or director of it, except as disclosed in the Transaction Documents. 

(n)               
  No Finder s Fees . Except for the Placement Agent s fees under this Agreement, the Company is not obligated
to pay any finder s or origination fees for the sale of the Units, and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Placement Agent
from any such claim made by any other person as more fully set forth in Section 7 hereof. Except as set forth in the Transaction
Documents, no other person has any right to participate in any offer, sale or distribution of the Company s securities to
which the Placement Agent s rights, described herein, shall apply. 

(o)               
  Intellectual Property . The Company owns or possesses, free and clear of all liens or encumbrances and rights thereto
or therein by third parties (other than encumbrances and rights created by licenses of the Company s technology to the Company s
customers), all trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, patent applications and licenses that
the Company holds out as owning or possessing (including any licenses or rights described in the Transaction Documents as being
owned or possessed by the Company), all of which are sufficient to operate the Company s business as presently conducted.
To the Company s knowledge, the Company owns or possesses, free and clear of all encumbrances and rights thereto or therein
by third parties (other than encumbrances and rights created by licenses of the Company s technology to the Company s
customers) the requisite licenses or other rights to use all trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service names, trade names,
patents, patent applications and licenses, necessary to conduct its business (including any licenses or rights described in the
Transaction Documents as being owned or possessed by the Company) and there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to,
or proceeding, pending or threatened, which challenges the exclusive rights of the Company with respect to any trademarks, service
marks, copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, patent applications and licenses used in the conduct of the Company s
business (including, without limitation, any such licenses or rights described in the Transaction Documents as being owned or possessed
by the Company). To the Company s knowledge, none of the Company s proposed products, services or processes infringe
or will infringe on the patents currently held by any third party. Except as described in the Transaction Documents, to the Company s
knowledge, the Company is under no obligation to pay royalties or fees of any kind whatsoever to any third party with respect to
any trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, patent applications, or technology it has developed,
uses, employs, or intends to use or employ. 

(p)               
  Taxes . All taxes which are due and payable from the Company have been paid in full and the Company has no tax deficiency
or claim outstanding assessed or proposed against it. 

(q)               
  No Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents, nor
any other person acting on their behalf, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit
(other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent
of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or
foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who is or may be in a position to
help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) which (i) might
subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, or (ii) if not given
in the past, might have had a materially adverse effect on the assets, business or operations of the Company as reflected in any
of the financial statements contained in the Transaction Documents, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect
the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company in the future. 

(r)                 
  Not an Investment Company . The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and the application of the
proceeds as described in the Transaction Documents, will not be, an  investment company  or an entity  controlled 
by an  investment company  as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder. 

(s)                
  No Bad Actors . Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Company s outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) connected with the Company in any capacity as of the date hereof (each, a  Company
Covered Person ) is subject to any Disqualification Event. The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether
any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

(t)                 
  Representations in Purchase Agreement Accurate . The representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2 the
Purchase Agreement are true and correct as of the date of each Closing. 

(u)               
  Use of Proceeds . Except as set forth in the Transaction Documents, the Company will not use the net proceeds of the
Offering to make or repay loans to, or purchase assets from, any officer, director or executive management of the Company or the
Company s sponsor, general partner, manager, advisor or affiliates. 

4.                  
  Certain Covenants and Agreements of the Company  

The Company covenants
and agrees at its expense and without any expense to the Placement Agent as follows: 

(a)                
  Material Changes . To advise the Placement Agent of any material adverse change in the Company s financial condition,
prospects or business or of any development materially affecting the Company or rendering untrue or misleading any material statement
in the Transaction Documents occurring at any time before each Closing as soon as the Company is either informed or becomes aware
of them. 

(b)               
  Qualification, Registration or Exemption of Issuance of Securities . To use its best efforts to cause the Securities
to be qualified or registered for sale, or to obtain exemptions from qualification or registration, on terms consistent with those
stated in the Transaction Documents under the securities laws of those states and jurisdictions the Placement Agent shall reasonably
request; provided that the states and jurisdictions selected do not require the Company to qualify as a foreign corporation. Qualification,
registration and exemption charges and fees shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Company. 

(c)                
  Use of Proceeds . To apply the proceeds of the Offering substantially in accordance with the  Use of Proceeds 
Section in the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the Transaction Documents, the Company shall not use any of the net
proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness to officers, directors or stockholders of the Company without the prior written
consent of the Placement Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, except as set forth in the Transaction Documents, no accrued or
deferred compensation or affiliated party debt or consulting fees shall be paid with net proceeds from the Offering. 

(d)               
  Delivery to Agent  Financial Statements and Information Reporting.  To deliver or afford to the Placement Agent,
such information concerning the Company s business and financial condition as is reasonably required by the Placement Agent
including, but not limited to, in order to comply with Placement Agent s reporting obligations as a member of FINRA and a
broker-dealer registered under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to provide notice or
access to any information if the Company reasonably believes that the Placement Agent would have a conflict of interests with respect
to the materials or information or, if upon advice of counsel, the Company believes that such exclusion is reasonably necessary
to preserve the attorney-client privilege, to protect confidential proprietary information or trade secrets, or for other similar
reasons. 

(e)                
  Delivery of Copies of Transaction Documents . To provide the Placement Agent with a reasonable number of copies of
the Transaction Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent. 

(f)                
  Amendment to Transaction Documents . If any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary
or advisable, in the reasonable opinion of the Company or the Placement Agent, to amend or supplement the Transaction Documents,
during the Offering Period and before Closing, in order that the Offering Memorandum will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, to prepare and furnish to the Placement Agent a reasonable number of
copies of an amendment or supplement to the Offering Memorandum (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent and its counsel); and (i) if any event shall occur which materially and adversely affects the Company or is reasonably likely
to materially and adversely affect the Company or as a result of which in the reasonable opinion of the Company or the Placement
Agent it is necessary or advisable to amend or supplement the Offering Memorandum so that the representations, warranties and covenants
herein remain true in all material respects, or (ii) in case it shall, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Placement Agent,
be necessary to amend or supplement the Transaction Documents to comply with Regulation D or any other applicable securities laws
or regulations, the Company shall, upon becoming aware of (i) above, promptly notify the Placement Agent and, upon becoming aware
of either (i) or (ii) above shall, at its sole cost, prepare and furnish to the Placement Agent copies of appropriate amendments
and/or supplements to the Offering Memorandum in such quantities as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. 

(g)               
  Occurrence of Material Events . Prior to each Closing, to advise the Placement Agent promptly of (i) the occurrence
of any event or the existence of any condition known to the Company referred to in Section 3(j) above, (ii) the receipt by the
Company of any communication from the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commissioner concerning the sale
of the Securities, and (iii) the commencement of any lawsuit or proceeding to which the Company is a party relating to the sale
of the Securities. 

(h)               
  Affiliate Transactions . During the term of the Offering, until such time that the Company is subject to any higher
standard, any transactions between or among the Company, or any of its officers, directors and affiliates shall be approved in
accordance with Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

(i)                 
  Purchase Agreement.  To comply with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

(j)                 
  Sufficient Number of Shares Reserved for Issuances . To keep available for issuance out of its authorized Common Stock,
the Exercise Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and Placement Agent s Warrants. 

(k)               
  Transactions Following the Offering or Termination of the Agreement . During the twelve (12) months following the
earlier of: (i) the final Closing of the Offering, or (ii) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, if any
person which the Placement Agent introduced to the Company or which the Placement Agent contacted during the term of this Agreement
on behalf of the Company purchases equity or convertible debt securities from the Company, the Company agrees to pay the Placement
Agent upon the closing of such offering a fee in the amount and in the nature that would otherwise have been payable to the Placement
Agent had such transaction been an Offering that occurred during the term, it being understood that the fee payable in connection
with the issuance of a convertible debt security shall equal the applicable percentage in Section 5(a) multiplied by the original
principal value of such security. 

(l)                 
  No Other Offerings . Except as described in the Transaction Documents, the Company will not, before or during the
Offering Period, directly or indirectly (except through the Placement Agent), sell or offer, or attempt to offer to dispose of,
or solicit any offer to buy, or otherwise approach or negotiate in respect of, any of the Securities. 

(m)             
  Conduct of Business . Between the execution of this Agreement and the first anniversary of the final Closing of the
Offering, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation
of any governmental entity, except where such violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a material
adverse effect on the business or condition of the Company. 

(n)               
  Delivery of Stock Certificates and Warrants . No later than thirty (30) days following each Closing, the Company shall
duly execute and deliver the appropriate amount and designation of certificates representing the Common Stock as well as the Warrants
underlying the Units. 

(o)               
  Issuance of Placement Agent s Warrants . No later than thirty (30) days following each Closing, the Company
shall duly and validly issue Placement Agent s Warrants in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(p)               
  Subsequent Financings . If at least 461.54 Units are purchased in the Offering, from the date hereof until the date
that is eighteen (18) months following the final Closing of the Offering, upon any proposed issuance ( Subsequent Financing )
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of capital stock, including securities that may be convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for such capital stock, other than (x) the Company s sale of the Securities hereunder, (y) the issuance of any
equity awards, including options (including the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise or settlement of such equity awards)
pursuant to the Company s employee benefit plans, stock option and employee stock purchase plans or other employee compensation
plans as such plans are in existence on the date hereof and described in the Offering Memorandum or as may hereafter be authorized
by the Company s Board of Directors, and (z) the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the vesting or exercises of options,
warrants or rights outstanding on the date hereof or issued pursuant to this Offering, the Placement Agent shall have the right
to participate as placement agent in Subsequent Financings and place at least twenty percent (20%) of the offering amount of such
Subsequent Financings, on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. The Company agrees to
provide the Placement Agent reasonable written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing which shall include the
terms and conditions of such Subsequent Financing. 

5.                  
  Payment of Fees, Warrants and Expenses  

(a)                
  Fees . For the services provided as Placement Agent, at each Closing, the Company shall pay the Placement Agent by
certified or official bank check or wire transfer, at the option of the Placement Agent, to the extent not previously paid by the
Company or the Escrow Agent, (i) a placement agent commission of ten percent (10%) of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Units
to Accredited Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent ( Qualified Investors ) (excluding the purchase
price paid upon exercise of the Warrants) and (ii) Reimbursable Expenses incurred by the Placement Agent as provided in Section
5(c), below. 

(b)               
  Warrants . At each Closing, the Company shall also issue to the Placement Agent, or its designee(s), one or more warrants
to purchase such number of shares of the Company s Common Stock (or any newly issued class of capital stock) equal to ten
percent (10%) of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Units sold by the Company to Qualified Investors at such Closing
in substantially the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B  (the  Placement Agent s Warrants ). Each Placement
Agent s Warrant shall entitle the holder thereof to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock (or any newly issued
class of capital stock) for a purchase price of $8.50 per share of such stock and upon such other the terms and conditions set
forth in the form of Placement Agent s Warrant attached hereto. 

(c)                
  Expenses . Whether or not the Offering is successfully completed, the Company will bear its own expenses in connection
with the Offering. In addition, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Placement Agent for the following (collectively, the  Reimbursable
Expenses ): (i) any Escrow Agent fees not to exceed four thousand dollars ($4,000) except to the extent the Escrow Agreement
requires additional fees for additional Closings, (ii) the actual, reasonable, documented expenses incurred by the Placement Agent
in relation to diligence, travel and entertainment in support of its efforts for the Offering, such expenses in excess of $500
per individual occurrence to be pre-approved by the Company, not to exceed $20,000, and (iii) reasonable legal fees of Placement
Agent s counsel in connection with the Offering, to be paid to Duane Morris LLP, not to exceed $60,000 (the  Legal
Counsel Fee ). Counsel to the Company will be primarily responsible for the substantive creation of the Transaction Documents.
In the event that the Company wishes Placement Agent counsel to play a more substantive role in those efforts, Company and the
Placement Agent shall hold discussions in advance to determine whether additional legal fees might be appropriate. Notwithstanding
anything else contained in this Agreement but subject to the provisions of this Section 5(c), all of these expenses shall be the
obligation of the Company and shall be paid either prior to or at the Initial Closing and any Reimbursable Expenses incurred after
the Initial Closing shall be paid by the Company within thirty (30) days after its receipt of a statement prepared by the Placement
Agent detailing such Reimbursable Expenses; provided, however, that if the Initial Closing does not occur and this Agreement is
terminated other than pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 8, then the Company shall have no obligation to the Placement
Agent pursuant to this Section 5(c). 

(d)               
  Blue Sky Filing Expenses; Form D . The Company will make all filings required under the  Blue Sky  laws
of those jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Placement Agent and reasonably agreed to by the Company, and to pay
all related expenses. The Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and will promptly thereafter forward to
the Placement Agent, all reports on Form D as are required. 

(e)                
  No Other Fees . Except for the commissions payable to the Placement Agent, there are no commissions or finder s
fees payable by the Company for the Offering. 

6.                  
  Conditions of Closing  

Each Closing shall
be held remotely by the electronic exchange of documents. The obligations of the Placement Agent under this Agreement shall be
subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement as of the date hereof
and as of the date of each Closing as if they had been made on and as of each Closing; the accuracy on and as of each Closing of
the statements of the officers of the Company made under this Agreement; and the performance by the Company on and as of each Closing
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement and to the following further conditions: 

(a)                
  Opinion Letter from Company Counsel.  At each Closing, the Placement Agent shall receive from Wyrick Robbins
Yates   Ponton LLP, counsel to the Company, an opinion and a negative assurance letter, each dated as of the date of each Closing,
which opinion and negative assurance letter shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Placement
Agent, and addressed to the Placement Agent and the Placement Agent as representative for each purchaser of the Units. 

(b)               
  Agreements and Other Documents.  At or before each Closing, counsel for the Placement Agent shall have been furnished
such documents, certificates and opinions as they may reasonably require to enable them to review or pass upon the matters referred
to in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, or to evidence the accuracy, completeness or satisfaction of any of the representations,
warranties or conditions in this Agreement. 

(c)                
  No Material Events . At and before each Closing (i) there shall have been no material adverse change in the condition
or prospects of the Company, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest date as of which the condition is referred
to in the Transaction Documents; (ii) there shall have been no material obligation incurred by the Company which has not been disclosed
in the Transaction Documents; (iii) the Company shall not be in default under any provision of any document or instrument relating
to any outstanding indebtedness for which a waiver or extension has not been received; (iv) the Company shall not have issued any
securities (other than (x) those described or contemplated in the Transaction Documents, (y) grants of stock options and other
awards in the ordinary course of business pursuant to an equity incentive plan maintained by the Company, if any and (z) grants
of shares upon conversion of or exercise of any convertible securities, options or warrants which were outstanding as of the date
of this Agreement) or declared or paid any dividend or made any distribution of its capital stock of any class and there shall
not have been any change in the indebtedness (long or short term) or liabilities or obligations of the Company (contingent or otherwise,
and other than as set forth in the Transaction Documents), except in the ordinary course of business; (v) no material amount of
the assets of the Company shall have been pledged or mortgaged, except as disclosed in the Transaction Documents; and (vi) no action,
suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, against the Company affecting any of its properties or businesses shall be pending or
threatened before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency, domestic or foreign, wherein
an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding could materially adversely affect the businesses, prospects, financial condition or
income of the Company, except as referred to in the Transaction Documents. 

(d)               
  Officer s Certificate . At each Closing, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company
signed by its chief executive officer, dated as of the date of the Closing, to the effect that (i) the conditions set forth in
subparagraph (c) above have been satisfied and that, (ii) as of the date of the Closing, the representations and warranties of
the Company in this Agreement are correct and complete in all material respects. 

7.                  
  Indemnification . 

(a)                
  Indemnification by Company . The Company hereby agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent,
its affiliates and each officer, director, shareholder, employee and agent of the Placement Agent, and each person who controls
the Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against
any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expense whatsoever (including all legal fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any claim, action, proceeding, inquiry, investigation
or litigation, commenced or threatened, or in appearing or preparing for appearance as a witness in any action, proceeding, inquiry,
investigation or litigation) to which the indemnified person may become subject: (i) as a result of any transaction covered by
this Agreement or the Placement Agent performing the services contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) arising out of or based upon
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact, or the omission or alleged omission of material fact necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in light the circumstances in which they were made, contained in any information
(whether oral or written) or documents, including the Transaction Documents or other information described in this Agreement, furnished
or made available by the Company to the Placement Agent or offerees of the Securities or any of their representatives unless such
statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the
Placement Agent to the Company expressly for use in the Transaction Documents; or (iii) the breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement. Upon demand by an indemnified person at any time or from time to time,
the Company will promptly reimburse the indemnified person for any loss, claim, damage, liability, or expense actually and reasonably
paid by the indemnified person as to which the Company has agreed to indemnify such person. However, the Company will not be liable
under this indemnity to the extent that any loss, claim damage, liability or expense is found in a final judgment by a court of
competent jurisdiction (after all appeals or the expiration of time to appeal) to be the result of the indemnified person s
bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described above and any previous payment or reimbursement
by the Company will be promptly repaid to the Company. 

(b)               
  Indemnification by Placement Agent . The Placement Agent hereby agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless the
Company and each officer, director, shareholder, employee and agent and each person who controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities,
or expenses whatsoever (including, all legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing
to defend or defending any action, claim, proceeding, inquiry, investigation or litigation, commenced or threatened, or in appearing
or preparing for appearance as a witness in any action, proceeding, inquiry, investigation or litigation) to which the indemnified
person or the Company may become subject arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact, or the omission or alleged omission of material fact necessary to make the statements not misleading in light of
the circumstances in which they were made, contained in the Transaction Documents in conformity with information furnished in writing
by or on behalf of the Placement Agent to the Company expressly for use in the Transaction Documents, or (ii) the breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Placement Agent in this Agreement. Upon demand by an indemnified person
at any time or from time to time, the Placement Agent will promptly reimburse the indemnified person for any loss, claim, damage,
liability, or expense actually and reasonably paid by the indemnified person as to which the Placement Agent has agreed to indemnify
such person. However, the Placement Agent will not be liable under this indemnity to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, liability
or expense is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (after all appeals or the expiration of time to appeal)
to be the result of the indemnified person s bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence and any previous payment or
reimbursement by the Placement Agent will be promptly repaid to the Placement Agent. 

(c)                
  Indemnification Procedure s. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of any claim or commencement
of any action for which such indemnified party may be entitled to indemnification under Section 7(a) or 7(b) above, such indemnified
party shall, within fifteen (15) business days, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the claim or the commencement of the
action. However, any delay or failure to so notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligation
to indemnify the indemnified party if the indemnifying party is not materially prejudiced thereby. If any action is brought against
the indemnified party, the indemnifying party may participate therein and assume and control the defense thereof with counsel chosen
by it that is reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party, and the indemnifying party shall pay as incurred the fees and expenses
of such counsel. After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to so assume the defense, the
indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party under Section 7(a) or 7(b) above, as applicable, for any legal or
other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with its defense, but the indemnified party may, at
its own expense, participate in the defense by counsel chosen by it, without, however, impairing the indemnifying party s
control of the defense. Nevertheless, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to choose its or their own counsel
and counsel for the defense of any action, all at the expense of the indemnifying party if: (i) the engagement of their counsel
shall have been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party for the defense of such action, at the expense of the indemnifying
party, (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to have charge
of the defense of such action within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, or (iii) the indemnified party
or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or them that are different from or additional
to those available to one or all of the indemnifying parties and which would give rise to a conflict of interest if counsel were
to represent both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party (in which case the indemnifying parties shall not have the right
to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties). However, such counsel chosen by an indemnified
party shall be reasonably satisfactory to the indemnifying party. The indemnifying party shall pay the fees and expenses of such
counsel as incurred. However, for any one action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction
arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the reasonable fees
and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (other than counsel of record) at any time for all the indemnified parties.
No settlement of any action or proceeding against an indemnified party shall be made without the consent of the indemnifying party,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

(d)               
  Contribution . To provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided
for in Section 7(a) or 7(b) above is due in accordance with its terms but is for any reason held by a court to be unavailable on
grounds of policy or otherwise, the Company and the Placement Agent, as applicable, shall contribute to the aggregate losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and expenses (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the investigation or
defense of same) which the other may incur in such proportion as appropriately reflects both the relative benefits and relative
fault of the parties and other relevant equitable considerations. If applicable law does not permit this allocation solely on such
basis, then such contribution shall be made in such proportion so that the Placement Agent shall be responsible for such percent
of the aggregate of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses as shall equal the percentage of the gross proceeds
paid to the Placement Agent and the Company shall be responsible for the balance. However, in no event shall Placement Agent s
aggregate contributions exceed the amount of fees actually received by it under this Agreement. However, no person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from any person who
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 7(d), each person entitled to indemnification
under Section 7(a) above shall have the same rights to contribution as the Placement Agent and each person entitled to indemnification
under Section 7(b) above shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. Any party entitled to contribution will, promptly
after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit or proceeding against such party for which a claim for contribution
may be made against the other party under this Section 7(d), notify the party from whom contribution may be sought. However, any
delay or failure to so notify the party from whom contribution may be sought shall not relieve that party from any obligation it
may have for contribution if the party from whom contribution may be sought is not materially prejudiced thereby. 

(e)                
  The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 7 shall remain operative and in full force and effect
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any indemnified person. 

8.                  
  Termination  

This Agreement shall
terminate if the Closing specified in Section 1(b) does not take place on or before the eighth (8 th ) calendar day following
the Termination Date or as soon thereafter as the funds received from subscriptions have cleared the banking system in the normal
course of business. Either the Placement Agent or the Company may terminate the Offering in its sole discretion at any time. The
Company shall promptly pay to the Placement Agent the amount of its Reimbursable Expenses actually incurred (including fees and
disbursements of counsel) upon presentation of documentation demonstrating that such expenses have actually been incurred if termination
is based on any of the following: (i) the Company terminates the Offering during the Offering Period for any reason other than
the Placement Agent s breach of this Agreement; (ii) the Placement Agent terminates the Offering during the Offering Period
because (a) the Company has not performed any material obligation under this Agreement related to the Offering and the Company
fails to immediately perform such obligation after Placement Agent notifies the Company of such nonperformance, or any representation
or warranty under this Agreement is inaccurate in any material respect, or (b) facts have come to the Placement Agent s attention
that cause the Placement Agent to believe that the Transaction Documents contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not
misleading, and the Company, upon notice from the Placement Agent, fails to immediately amend or supplement the Transaction Documents
pursuant to Section 4(f) in order to correct such untrue statement or state such omitted fact provided that such untrue statement
or omitted fact is not caused by a material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company. Upon termination,
all subscription documents and payment for the Units that have not been closed upon shall be returned to the respective subscribers,
without interest or deduction. 

9.                  
  Effect of Termination . 

Termination of this
Agreement shall be without liability of any party to the other party except that the provisions of Section 5(c) (expenses); Section
7 (indemnification and contribution) and Section 10(c) (governing law, jurisdiction and service of process) shall remain effective
despite termination. 

10.              
  Miscellaneous  

(a)                
  Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given or delivered: (i) when delivered personally; (ii) one business day following deposit with a recognized overnight
courier service, provided such deposit occurs before the deadline imposed by that service for overnight delivery; (iii) when transmitted,
if sent by facsimile copy or electronic mail, provided confirmation of receipt is received by sender and the notice is sent by
an additional method provided under this Agreement, in each case provided the communication is addressed to the intended recipient
thereof as set forth below: 

If to Placement Agent, to: 

National Securities Corporation 
410 Park Avenue, 14 th  Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Fax: (212) 380-2828 
Tel: (212) 380-2819 
Attention: Jonathan Rich 
Email: jrich@nationalsecurities.com 

with copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to: 

Duane Morris LLP 

 One Riverfront Plaza 

 1037 Raymond Blvd. 

 Suite 1800 

 Newark, NJ 07102-5429 

 Fax: (973) 556-1145 

 Tel: (973) 424-2011 

 Attention: David A. Sussman, Esq. 
Email: dasussman@duanemorris.com 

If to the Company to: 

Mustang Bio, Inc. 

 2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor 

 New York, NY 10014 

 Attn: Michael Weiss 

 Tel: (212) 554-4504 

 Email: msw@fortressbiotech.com 

with copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:  

Wyrick Robbins Yates   Ponton LLP 

 4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite #300 

 Raleigh, NC 27607 

 Fax: (919) 781-4865 

 Tel: (919) 865-1100 

 Attention: W. David Mannheim, Esq. 

 Email: dmannheim@wyrick.com 

or to such other address
of which written notice is given to the parties. 

(b)               
  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original, but all which shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 

(c)                
  Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects under the laws of
the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions. Any right to trial by jury for any claim, action,
proceeding or litigation arising out of this Agreement or any of the matters contemplated in this Agreement is waived by the Company
and the Placement Agent. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state
courts located in the State of New York, for any dispute related to this Agreement or any of the matters contemplated hereby, consent
to service of process by registered or certified mail return receipt requested or by any other manner provided by applicable law,
and waive any right to claim that any action, proceeding or litigation so commenced has been commenced in an inconvenient forum. 

(d)               
  Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Exhibits and Schedules and the other agreements referenced herein
and therein, contain the entire understanding between the parties and may not be modified or amended except by a writing duly signed
by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought. 

(e)                
  Independent Contractor; No Fiduciary Duties . The Placement Agent s engagement under this Agreement in connection
with the Offering is as independent contractor and not in any other capacity. The Company acknowledges that it is solely responsible
for making its own judgments in connection with the Offering. No fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Placement
Agent and the Company has been or will be created for any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether
the Placement Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on related or other matters. The Placement Agent shall have
no obligation to the Company for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in
this Agreement. The offering price of the Securities and the price to be paid by the investors were established by the Company
following discussions and arms-length negotiations between the Placement Agent and the Company. The Placement Agent has not provided
any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice to the Company for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company
has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisers to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Accordingly, for
each transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to the transaction, the Company waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Placement Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary
duty and agrees that the Placement Agent shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to
the Company for such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of the Company. 

(f)                
  Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement. 

(g)               
  Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company, the Placement Agent and their respective successors
and assigns. Neither party may assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned to and assumed by any person or entity which
succeeds to all or substantially all or the business and assets of the Placement Agent. 

[ Signature page follows. ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss  

Name: 
     Michael S. Weiss  

Title: 
     President   CEO  

NATIONAL SECURITIES CORPORATION  

By:   
     /s/ Jonathan C. Rich  

Name: 
     Jonathan C. Rich  

Title: 
     EVP   Head of Investment Banking  

[Signature Page
to Placement Agent Agreement]  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v452461_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT  

THIS
UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT  (the   Agreement  ) is made as of the ___ day of ____________, 2016 by and among
MUSTANG BIO, INC. a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), the investors listed on the Schedule of Investors
attached hereto as  Exhibit A  (each an   Investor   and collectively, the   Investors  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to sell to the Investors through National Securities Corporation, in its capacity as the  Placement Agent 
(the   Placement Agent  ) (the   Offering  ), and the Investors desire to purchase from the Company
Units consisting of 10,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share (the   Common Stock  )
and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant, the form of which is attached hereto as  Exhibit B , exercisable for 2,500 shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share (a   Common Stock Warrant   and, together with the shares
of Common Stock, a   Unit  ) for cash at a price of $65,000 per Unit; 

WHEREAS, the Company
is currently conducting the Offering pursuant to a private placement memorandum provided herewith (the   Private Placement
Memorandum  ). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties do hereby agree as follows: 

1        Purchase
and Sale of Units . 

1.1        Issuance
and Sale of Units . 

(a)        Units
Issued in the Offering through the Placement Agent . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Investors severally
and not jointly agree to purchase at the Closing (as hereafter defined), and the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Investors
at the Closing, the amount of Units set forth opposite each Investor s name on the Signature Page hereto, at a price of $65,000.00
per Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of a minimum of $10,000,000 (the   Minimum Amount  ) and up to a maximum
of $30,000,000 (the   Maximum Offering Amount  ) and the offering of the Units being offered hereunder is hereinafter
referred to as the   Offering .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, increase the Maximum Offering Amount
from $30,000,000 to $70,000,000. 

1.2        Payment .
Any Investor purchasing the Units is enclosing with its delivery of its Signature Page hereto a check payable to, or will promptly
make a wire transfer payment to,  Signature Bank, as Escrow Agent for Mustang Bio, Inc.  in the full amount of the
purchase price of the Units being subscribed for (the   Purchase Price  ). Wire instructions are as follows: 

Bank Name: Signature Bank  

  ABA Number: [Routing
Number]  

  A/C Name: Signature Bank, as Escrow Agent
for Mustang Bio, Inc.  

  A/C Number: [Account
Number]  

  FBO: [Investor Name]  

  [Social Security Number]  

  [Address]  

All payments made by
check as provided in this Section 1.2 shall be promptly deposited by the Company or the Placement Agent with Signature Bank (the
  Escrow Agent  ), and all payments hereunder shall be held in a non-interest-bearing escrow account (the   Escrow
Account  ) until the earliest to occur of (a) the Closing (as defined below), (b) the rejection of such proposed investment
by the Company or the Placement Agent and (c) the termination of the Offering by the Company or the Placement Agent.  

1.3        Closing . 

(a)       The
initial closing of the purchase and sale of Units Preferred under this Agreement (the   Initial Closing  ) is
expected to be held at the offices of Wyrick Robbins Yates   Ponton LLP, counsel to the Company (  Wyrick  )
or remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures), on or about _________, 2016, or such other date as may be agreed to
between the Company and the Placement Agent, which period may be extended upon the mutual approval of both the Company and the
Placement Agent (the date of a Closing is hereinafter referred to as the   Closing Date  ). In the event there
is more than one closing, the term  Closing  shall apply to each such closing unless otherwise specified with each
Closing occurring after the Initial Closing referred to as a   Subsequent Closing .  

(b)       After
the Initial Closing, the Company may sell, on the same terms and conditions as those contained in this Agreement, up to the balance
of the Units not sold at the Initial Closing (collectively, the number of Units underlying such amount of Units sometimes referred
to herein as the   Additional Units  ) in one or more Subsequent Closings, to one or more purchasers (the   Additional
Investors  ) as shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion, provided that (i) such Subsequent Closing is
consummated on or prior to November 30, 2016 (as may be subsequently extended (x) until December 31, 2016 upon the mutual consent
of the Placement Agent and the Company, or, (y) until any other extended date in the event that there shall have occurred any material
adverse change in the financial markets of the United States, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity or crisis the effect of which is such to make it, in the judgment of the Placement Agent, impracticable to market the
Units or enforce contracts for the sale of the Units) and (ii) each Additional Investor shall become a party to this Agreement
by executing and delivering a Confidential Purchase Questionnaire and a counterpart Omnibus Signature Page to this Unit Purchase
Agreement.  Exhibit A  to this Agreement shall be updated to reflect the number of Additional Units purchased at each such
Subsequent Closing and the Additional Investors purchasing such Additional Units. 

(c)       At
each Closing, the Company shall deliver the certificates representing the Common Stock and Common Stock Warrants purchased to each
Investor participating in such Closing against payment of the Purchase Price to the Company as described above, along with delivery
by each such Investor of the Confidential Purchaser Questionnaire to the Placement Agent and a counterpart Omnibus Signature Page
to this Unit Purchase Agreement. The Confidential Purchaser Questionnaire is included in the Subscription Booklet provided to Investors
separately. 

1.4        Additional
Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, certain capitalized terms are defined under  Appendix A . 

2        Representations
and Warranties of the Company.  The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Investors that the following is true and accurate
as of the date of the Initial Closing: 

2.1        Organization
and Qualification . The Company is an entity duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the   Certificate of Incorporation  ) or its Bylaws. The Company is duly qualified to conduct
business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the
case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or
enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform
in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a   Material
Adverse Effect  ) and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

2.2        Capitalization .
The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company is as set forth in Company s filings with
the SEC (the   SEC Filings  ) and all issued and outstanding shares of the Company are validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, there are no outstanding options, warrants, agreements, convertible
securities, preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or to purchase any shares of capital stock of the Company. Except
as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and as otherwise required by law, there are no restrictions upon the voting or
transfer of any of the shares of capital stock of the Company pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws
or other governing documents or any agreement or other instruments to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. 

2.3        Subsidiaries .
The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any subsidiaries. 

2.4        Filings,
Consents and Approvals . The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i)
the filings required pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) the filing of Form D with the SEC and such filings as are required to
be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the   Required Approvals  ). 

2.5        Issuance
of the Shares . The shares of Common Stock and the shares to be issued upon exercise of the Common Stock Warrants (the   Warrant
Shares  ) are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, or issued in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction
Documents. 

2.6        Authorization;
Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by
it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company
and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders in connection herewith
or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

2.7        No
Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Units, the Common Stock and the Warrant Shares and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both
would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give
to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of,
any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which
the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required
Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction
of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such
as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

2.8        Compliance .
To the Company s knowledge, the Company: (i) is not in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has
not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company under), nor has the Company
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or
any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such
default or violation has been waived), (ii) is not in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other
governmental authority or (iii) is not or has not been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,
occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

2.9        Absence
of Certain Changes . Since the date of the SEC Filings, there has been no change in the business, operations, conditions (financial
or otherwise), prospects, assets or results of operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

No  Bad Actor 
Disqualification  .  No Covered Person (as defined below) is subject to any of the  bad
actor  disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii) under the Securities Act (  Disqualification
Events  ). No Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event, except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e)
under the Securities Act.   Covered Persons   are those persons specified in Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities
Act, including: the Company; any predecessor or Affiliate of the Company; any director, executive officer, other officer participating
in the offering, general partner or managing member of the Company; any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Company s
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power; any promoter (as defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of the sale of the Units; and any person that has been
or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of the Units (a
  Solicitor  ), any general partner or managing member of any Solicitor, and any director, executive officer or
other officer participating in the offering of any Solicitor or general partner or managing member of any Solicitor. 2.11  Labor
Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of
the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company s employees is
a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company, and the Company is not a party to a collective
bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company is, or is now expected to be, in violation
of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment
of each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The
Company is in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

2.12        Intellectual
Property . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the SEC Filings,
to the Company s knowledge, (i) the Company owns or possesses the requisite licenses or other rights to use all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service mark applications, trade names, copyrights, manufacturing
processes, formulae, trade secrets, licenses, customer lists and know how (collectively,   Intellectual Property  )
necessary to conduct its business, (ii) the Company has not received any communications alleging that the Company has violated
or, by conducting its business as conducted, would violate any of the patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights
or trade secrets or other proprietary rights or processes of any other person or entity, nor is the Company aware of any basis
therefor and (iii) no claim is pending or, to the Company s knowledge after due inquiry, threatened to the effect that any
Intellectual Property owned or licensed by the Company, or which the Company otherwise has the right to use, is invalid or unenforceable
by the Company. 

2.13        Tax
Status . Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income
and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes
and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. 

2.14        Obligations
to Related Parties . Except as disclosed in the Private Placement Memorandum or as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, there are no obligations of the Company to officers, directors, stockholders, or employees of the Company
other than (i) for payment of salary or other compensation for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred
on behalf of the Company, (iii) standard indemnification provisions in the certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and (iv) for
other standard employee benefits made generally available to all employees (including stock option agreements outstanding under
any stock option plan approved by the Board of Directors). Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Filings, the Company is not a
guarantor or indemnitor of any indebtedness of any other person, firm or corporation other than its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

2.15        Litigation .
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an   Action  ) which
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the shares of Common
Stock comprising each Unit or the Warrant Shares. 

2.16        Title
to Assets . The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all
Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for
which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject
to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company is in compliance. 

2.17        Certain
Fees . Other than the fees payable to the Placement Agent pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement as disclosed under Section
7.7 of this Agreement, no brokerage or finder s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker,
financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investors shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any
claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents except that the proceeds from purchase and sale of the Units shall be
used to pay the fee payable to the Placement Agent pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agent Agreement. 

2.18        Private
Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Investors  representations and warranties set forth in Section 2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Units by the Company to the Investors as contemplated hereby. 

2.19        Investment
Company . The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Units, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an  investment company  subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

2.20        Financial
Statements . The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Filings (the   Financial Statements  )
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the
periods indicated and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (  GAAP  )
consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as may be otherwise specified in such Financial Statements
or the notes thereto, and except that unaudited financial statements do not contain all footnotes and do not contain the cash flow
statement required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments. Since the date of the most recent balance sheet included as part of the Financial Statements,
there has not been to the Company s knowledge: (i) any change in the assets, liabilities, financial condition or operations
of the Company from that reflected in the Financial Statements, other than changes in the ordinary course of business, none of
which individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (ii) any other event
or condition of any character that, either individually or cumulatively, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, except for the expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

2.21        Clinical
Trials . The pre-clinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company
that are described in, or the results of which are described in, the Private Placement Memorandum were and, if still pending, are
being conducted in all material respects in accordance with protocols filed with the appropriate regulatory authorities for each
such study or trial, as the case may be, all applicable statutes, all applicable rules and regulations of the United States Food
and Drug Administration (the   FDA  ) and, if applicable, comparable regulatory agencies outside of the United
States to which they are subject. Each description of the results of such studies and trials contained in the Private Placement
Memorandum are, to the Company s knowledge, accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived
from such studies and trials, and, except to the extent disclosed in the Private Placement Memorandum, the Company has no knowledge
of any other studies or trials the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described
in the Private Placement Memorandum when viewed in the context in which such results are so described and the clinical stage of
development. The Company has not received any written notices, correspondence or other written communications from the FDA or from
any other U.S. or foreign government or drug regulatory agency (collectively, the   Regulatory Agencies  ) requiring
or threatening the termination, suspension or material modification of any clinical trials being conducted by or on behalf of the
Company that are described in the Private Placement Memorandum. The Company has operated at all times and currently are in compliance
in all material respects with all statutes, rules and regulations of the Regulatory Agencies applicable to the conduct of their
respective business. 

2.22        Licenses
and Permits . Except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (i) the Company holds, and is operating in compliance with, such permits, licenses, franchises, registrations, exemptions,
approvals, authorizations and clearances of any governmental authorities (including, without limitation, the FDA) required for
the conduct of its business as currently conducted (collectively, the   Permits  ), and all such Permits are in
full force and effect; and (ii) the Company has fulfilled and performed all of its obligations with respect to the Permits which
were required to be performed prior to the date hereof, and, to the Company s knowledge, no event has occurred which allows,
or after notice or lapse of time would allow, revocation or termination thereof or results in any other impairment of the rights
of the holder of any Permit. All applications, notifications, submissions, information, claims, reports and statistics, and other
data and conclusions derived therefrom, utilized as the basis for any and all requests for a Permit from the FDA or other governmental
authority relating to the Company, its business and its products, when submitted to the FDA or other governmental authority by
or on behalf of the Company were true, complete and correct in all material respects. Any necessary or required updates, changes,
corrections or modification to such applications, submissions, information and data have been submitted to the FDA or other governmental
authority, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has not received any written notification, correspondence or any other written communication, including written notification
of any pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened claim, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration
or other action brought against it from any governmental authority, including, without limitation, the FDA of potential or actual
material non-compliance by, or material liability of, the Company under any Permits. To the Company s knowledge, there are
no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any material liability of the Company under any Permit. 

2.23        Compliance
with Certain Regulatory Matters . The Company, its officers and directors, and, to the Company s knowledge, its respective
employees and agents have operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and implementing
regulations administered or enforced by the FDA, or any other federal, state, local, or foreign governmental authority which are
applicable to their respective businesses, including, without limitation, the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws; and
any other similar local, state or federal law or regulation applicable to their respective businesses. The Company is not a party
to, or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to, any corporate integrity agreement, deferred prosecution agreement, monitoring
agreement, consent decree, settlement order, plan of correction or similar agreement imposed by any governmental authority. The
Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents has not been debarred, excluded
or suspended from participation in or receiving payment from any federal, state or local government health care program. The Company
has not failed to file with the Regulatory Agencies any required filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission
with respect to their respective products or product candidates that are described in the Private Placement Memorandum as having
already been filed by or on behalf of the Company; all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions
were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed; and no deficiencies regarding compliance with applicable law have
been asserted against the Company in writing by any applicable Regulatory Agency with respect to any such filings, declarations,
listings, registrations, reports or submissions 

2.24        Absence
of Certain Regulatory Actions . Except as described in the Private Placement Memorandum, or as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has not had any product or manufacturing
site (whether Company-owned or that of a contract manufacturer for Company product candidates) subject to a governmental authority
(including, without limitation, the FDA) shutdown or import or export prohibition, nor received any FDA Form 483 or other governmental
authority notice of inspectional observations,  warning letters,  or similar correspondence or written notice from
the FDA or other governmental authority alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable laws. To the Company s
knowledge, neither the FDA nor any other governmental authority has threatened such action. 

2.25        No
Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Investors  representations and warranties set forth in Section 3, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the
Units to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act. 

2.26        No
General Solicitation . Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Units
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Units for sale only to the Investors and
certain other  accredited investors  within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

2.27        Foreign
Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of
the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation
of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

2.28        Acknowledgment
Regarding Investors  Purchase of Shares . The Company acknowledges and agrees that to its knowledge each of the Investors
is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Investor is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice
given by any Investor or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Investors  purchase of the Units. The Company further represents
to each Investor that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based
solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

2.29        Office
of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate
of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury
Department (  OFAC  ). 

2.30        U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation . The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the
meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon any Investor s
request. 

2.31        Bank
Holding Company Act . The Company is not subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the   BHCA  )
and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the   Federal Reserve  ). The Company
does not own or control, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities
or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve. The Company does not exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

2.32        Money
Laundering . The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the   Money Laundering Laws  ),
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

2.33        Statistical
and Market-Related Data . The statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Private Placement Memorandum,
as of the date or dates to which they speak, are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable and
accurate or represent the Company s good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources. 

2.34        Use
of Proceeds . The Company has no plans to use the proceeds of the Offering to (i) make a loan or any other payment to the Company s
officers, managers or Affiliates, except in the ordinary course of business for services performed (e.g., salary) or reimbursement
of business expenses in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures or (ii) pay any personal expenses of the Company s
officers, managers or Affiliates. 

2.35        No
Misstatement or Omission . The documents filed by the Company pursuant the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the
  Exchange Act  ) when they were filed with the SEC conformed in all material respects to the requirements of
the Exchange Act and were filed on a timely basis with the SEC and none of such documents contained an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; any further documents filed with the SEC, will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Exchange Act, and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading 

3        Representations
and Warranties of the Investors.  Each of the Investors, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants that: 

3.1        Authorization .
Investor (i) if a natural person, represents that Investor has reached the age of 21 and has full power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents and to carry out the provisions hereof and thereof; (ii) if a corporation,
partnership, or limited liability company or partnership, or association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization
or other entity, represents that such entity was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Units and the Warrant Shares,
such entity is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby is authorized by, and will not result in a violation of state law or its charter or other
organizational documents, such entity has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other Transaction
Documents and to carry out the provisions hereof and thereof and to purchase and hold the Units and the Warrant Shares the execution
and delivery of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of such entity and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity; or (iii) if executing this Agreement in a
representative or fiduciary capacity, represents that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement in
such capacity and on behalf of the subscribing individual, ward, partnership, trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability
company or partnership, or other entity for whom Investor is executing this Agreement, and such individual, partnership, ward,
trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability company or partnership, or other entity has full right and power to perform pursuant
to this Agreement and make an investment in the Company, and represents that this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such entity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not violate or be in conflict with any order, judgment,
injunction, agreement or controlling document to which Investor is a party or by which it is bound. 

3.2        Purchase
Entirely for Own Account . The Units and the Warrant Shares to be purchased by the Investor will be acquired for investment
for the Investor s own account and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and such Investor has
no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. Such Investor does not have
any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer, or grant participation to any person with
respect to any of the Units or the Warrant Shares. 

3.3        Disclosure
of Information . The Investor acknowledges that it has received all the information that it has requested relating to the Company
and the purchase of the Units and the Warrant Shares. The Investor further represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions
and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the Offering of the Units and the Warrant Shares. The
Investor acknowledges receipt of the Company s Private Placement Memorandum. The foregoing, however, does not limit or modify
the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2 of this Agreement or the right of the Investor to rely thereon. 

3.4        Investment
Experience . Investor is an investor in securities of companies in the development stage and acknowledges that it is able to
fend for itself, and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of the investment in the Units. Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Units and, at the
present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

3.5        Accredited
Investor . The Investor meets the requirements of at least one of the suitability standards for an  accredited investor 
within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) and
as set forth on the Accredited Investor Certification. 

3.6        Restricted
Securities . Investor understands that the Units and the Warrant Shares are characterized as  restricted securities 
under the federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public
offering, and that under such laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities
Act, only in certain limited circumstances. In this connection, the Investor represents that it is familiar with SEC Rule 144,
as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act. 

3.7        High
Risk and Speculative Investment . Investor recognizes that the purchase of the Units involves a high degree of risk including,
but not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and the following: (i) the Company requires
funds in addition to the proceeds of the Offering; (ii) an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and only investors
who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company and the Units; (iii) the Investor may
not be able to liquidate its investment; (iv) transferability of the Units and the Warrant Shares is extremely limited; (v) the
Company may issue additional securities in the future which have rights and preferences that are senior to those of the Common
Stock; and (vi) that the Common Stock may not successfully become actively traded. Investor has reviewed the Risk Factors which
are set forth in the Company s SEC Filings. 

3.8        General
Solicitation . Investor is not purchasing the Units as a result of any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication
regarding the Units published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented in
any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

3.9        Fees .
Other than the fees payable to the Placement Agent as described in Section 7.7 below, no brokerage or finder s fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investors shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees of a type contemplated in
this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents except that the proceeds
from purchase and sale of the Units shall be used to pay the fee payable to the Placement Agent pursuant to the terms of the Placement
Agent Agreement. 

3.10        Legends .
It is understood that the certificates evidencing the shares sold hereunder may bear the following legend, in addition to any other
legends required by applicable law: 

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES
ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED
OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE SECURITIES ACT
AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS CERTIFICATE (OR AN AFFIDAVIT OF LOST CERTIFICATE ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER) MUST
BE SURRENDERED TO THE ISSUER OR ITS TRANSFER AGENT AS A CONDITION PRECEDENT TO THE SALE, TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OF ANY
INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY.  

3.11        For
ERISA plans only . The fiduciary of the ERISA plan (the   Plan  ) represents that such fiduciary has been informed
of and understands the Company s investment objectives, policies and strategies, and that the decision to invest  plan
assets  (as such term is defined in ERISA) in the Company is consistent with the provisions of ERISA that require diversification
of plan assets and impose other fiduciary responsibilities. Investor fiduciary or Plan (i) is responsible for the decision to invest
in the Company; (ii) is independent of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iii) is qualified to make such investment decision;
and (iv) in making such decision, Investor fiduciary or Plan has not relied primarily on any advice or recommendation of the Company
or any of its Affiliates. 

3.12        OFAC .
Investor should check the Office of Foreign Assets Control (  OFAC  ) website at http://www.treas.gov/ofac before
making the following representations. 

(a)       Investor
represents that the amounts invested by it in the Company in the Offering were not and are not directly or indirectly derived from
activities that contravene federal, state or international laws and regulations, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Federal regulations and Executive Orders administered by OFAC prohibit, among other things, the engagement in transactions with,
and the provision of services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals. The lists of OFAC prohibited
countries, territories, persons and entities can be found on the OFAC website at http://www.treas.gov/ofac. In addition, the programs
administered by OFAC (the   OFAC Programs  ) prohibit dealing with individuals or entities in certain countries
regardless of whether such individuals or entities appear on the OFAC lists; 

(b)       To
the best of Investor s knowledge, none of: (i) Investor; (ii) any person controlling or controlled by Investor; (iii) if
Investor is a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in Investor; or (iv) any person for whom Investor
is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment is a country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC
list, or a person or entity prohibited under the OFAC Programs. Please be advised that the Company may not accept any amounts from
a prospective investor if such prospective investor cannot make the representation set forth in the preceding paragraph. Investor
agrees to promptly notify the Company and the Placement Agent should Investor become aware of any change in the information set
forth in these representations. Investor understands and acknowledges that, by law, the Company may be obligated to  freeze
the account  of Investor, either by prohibiting additional subscriptions from Investor, declining any redemption requests
and/or segregating the assets in the account in compliance with governmental regulations, and the Placement Agent may also be required
to report such action and to disclose Investor s identity to OFAC. Investor further acknowledges that the Company may, by
written notice to Investor, suspend the redemption rights, if any, of Investor if the Company reasonably deems it necessary to
do so to comply with anti-money laundering regulations applicable to the Company and the Placement Agent or any of the Company s
other service providers. These individuals include specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and
other parties subject to OFAC sanctions and embargo programs. 

(c)       To
the best of Investor s knowledge, none of: (i) Investor; (ii) any person controlling or controlled by Investor; (iii) if
Investor is a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in Investor; or (iv) any person for whom Investor
is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment is a senior foreign political figure, or any immediate family
member or close associate of a senior foreign political figure, as such terms are defined in the footnotes below. 

(d)       If
Investor is affiliated with a non-U.S. banking institution (a   Foreign Bank  ), or if Investor receives deposits
from, makes payments on behalf of, or handles other financial transactions related to a Foreign Bank, Investor represents and warrants
to the Company that: (i) the Foreign Bank has a fixed address, other than solely an electronic address, in a country in which the
Foreign Bank is authorized to conduct banking activities; (ii) the Foreign Bank maintains operating records related to its banking
activities; (iii) the Foreign Bank is subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed the Foreign Bank to conduct
banking activities; and (iv) the Foreign Bank does not provide banking services to any other Foreign Bank that does not have a
physical presence in any country and that is not a regulated affiliate. 

3.13        Investment
Representations, Warranties and Covenants by Non-United States Persons . Each Investor who is a Non-U.S. person (as that term
is defined in Section 3.13(c)) hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

(a)       This
Agreement is made by the Company with the Investor, who is a Non-U.S. person, in reliance upon such Non-U.S. person s representations,
warranties and covenants made in this Section 3.13. 

(b)       Such
Non-U.S. person has been advised and acknowledges that: 

(i)       the
Units and the Warrant Shares have not been, and when issued, will not be registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws
of any state of the United States or the securities laws of any other country; 

(ii)       in
issuing and selling the Units to such Non-U.S. person pursuant hereto, the Company is relying upon the  safe harbor 
provided by Regulation S and/or on Section 4(2) under the Securities Act; 

(iii)       it
is a condition to the availability of the Regulation S  safe harbor  that the Units and the Warrant Shares not be offered
or sold in the United States or to a U.S. person until the expiration of a one-year  distribution compliance period 
(or a six-month  distribution compliance period,  if the issuer is a  reporting issuer,  as defined in
Regulation S) following the Closing Date; and 

(iv)       notwithstanding
the foregoing, prior to the expiration of the one-year  distribution compliance period  (or six-month  distribution
compliance period,  if the issuer is a  reporting issuer,  as defined in Regulation S) after the Closing
(the   Restricted Period  ), the Units and the Warrant Shares may be offered and sold by the holder thereof only
if such offer and sale is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and either: (A) if the offer or sale is within
the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation S), the securities are offered
and sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; or (B) the offer and sale is outside the United States and to other
than a U.S. person. 

(c)       As
used herein, the term    United States    means the United States of America, its territories and possessions,
any State of the United States, and the District of Columbia, and the term    U.S. person    (as defined
in Regulation S) means: 

(i)       a
natural person resident in the United States; 

(ii)       any
partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 

(iii)       any
estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 

(iv)       any
trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 

(v)       any
agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 

(vi)       any
nondiscretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit
or account of a U.S. person; 

(vii)       any
discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated
and (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 

(viii)       a
corporation or partnership organized under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction and formed by a U.S. person principally for the
purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned,
by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 

As used herein, the
term    Non-U.S. person    means any person who is not a U.S. person or is deemed not to be a U.S. person
under Rule 902(k)(2) of the Securities Act. 

 (d)       Such
Non-U.S. person agrees that with respect to the Units and the Warrant Shares, until the expiration of the Restricted Period: 

(i)       such
Non-U.S. person, its agents or its representatives have not and will not solicit offers to buy, offer for sale or sell any of the
Units and the Warrant Shares, or any beneficial interest therein in the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person;
and 

(ii)       notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Units and the Warrant Shares may be offered and sold by the holder thereof only if such offer and sale is made
in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and either: (A) if the offer or sale is within the United States or to or for
the account of a U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation S), the securities are offered and sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act; or (B) the offer and sale is outside the United States and to other than a U.S. person; and 

(iii)       such
Non-U.S. person shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Units and the Warrant Shares unless in compliance with
the Securities Act. 

The foregoing restrictions
are binding upon subsequent transferees of the Units and the Warrant Shares, except for transferees pursuant to an effective registration
statement. Such Non-U.S. person agrees that after the Restricted Period, the Units and the Warrant Shares may be offered or sold
within the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person only pursuant to applicable securities laws. 

(e)       Non-U.S.
person has not engaged, nor is it aware that any party has engaged, and such Non-U.S. person will not engage or cause any third
party to engage, in any directed selling efforts (as such term is defined in Regulation S) in the United States with respect to
the Units and the Warrant Shares. 

(f)       Such
Non-U.S. person: (i) is domiciled and has its principal place of business outside the United States; (ii) certifies it
is not a U.S. person and is not acquiring the Units and the Warrant Shares for the account or benefit of any U.S. person; and (iii) at
the time of the Closing Date, the Non-U.S. person or persons acting on Non-U.S. person s behalf in connection therewith will
be located outside the United States. 

(g)       At
the time of offering to such Non-U.S. person and communication of such Non-U.S. person s order to purchase the Units and
the Warrant Shares and at the time of such Non-U.S. Person s execution of this Agreement, the Non-U.S. person or persons
acting on Non-U.S. person s behalf in connection therewith were located outside the United States. 

(h)       Such
Non-U.S. person is not a  distributor  (as defined in Regulation S) or a  dealer  (as defined in the Securities
Act). 

(i)       Such
Non-U.S. person acknowledges that the Company shall make a notation in its stock books regarding the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this 3.13 and shall transfer such shares on the books of the Company only to the extent consistent therewith. 

In particular, such
Non-U.S. person acknowledges that the Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Units and the Warrant Shares not made
in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available
exemption from registration. 

(j)       Such
Investor understands and agrees that each certificate held by such Non-U.S. person representing the Units and the Warrant Shares,
or any other securities issued in respect of the Units and the Warrant Shares upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation or similar event, shall bear the following legend (in addition to any legend required by this Agreement or
under applicable state securities laws): 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND MAY NOT BE
SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION.
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.
THIS CERTIFICATE MUST BE SURRENDERED TO THE COMPANY OR ITS TRANSFER AGENT AS A CONDITION PRECEDENT TO THE SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION
OR ANY OTHER TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN ANY OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE. 

3.14        Representations
by Non-United States persons  .  If an Investor is not a United States person, the Investor hereby represents that the
Investor is satisfied as to the full observance of the laws of the Investor s jurisdiction in connection with any invitation
to subscribe for the Units and the Warrant Shares or any use of the Transaction Documents, including (i) the legal requirements
within the Investor s jurisdiction for the purchase of the Units and the Warrant Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions
applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained and (iv) the income
tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of such securities.
The Investor s subscription and payment for, and the Investor s continued beneficial ownership of, the Units and the
Warrant Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Investor s jurisdiction. 

4        Conditions
of the Investors  Obligations at Closing.  The obligations of the Investors under subsection 1.2 of this Agreement
are subject to the fulfillment on or before each Closing of each of the following conditions: 

4.1        Representations
and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 hereof shall be true on and as
of the date of such Closing. 

4.2        Performance .
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations, and conditions contained in this Agreement that
are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing. 

4.3        Suspension
of Offering . No order suspending or enjoining the Offering or sale of the Units has been issued, and no proceedings for that
purpose or a similar purpose have been initiated or are pending, or, to the best of the Company s knowledge, are contemplated
or threatened. 

4.4        No
Material Adverse Effect . There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof. 

4.5        Compliance
Certificate . The President or Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall deliver to the Placement Agent on behalf of the
Investors, at the Closing, a certificate, dated as of the Initial Closing certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.1,
4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 have been fulfilled. 

4.6        Opinion
of Counsel . The Investors and the Placement Agent shall have received from Wyrick an opinion containing certain opinions to
be substantially as set forth in  Exhibit C , dated as of the date of such Closing, in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent and counsel to the Placement Agent. 

4.7        Offering
Amount . With respect to the Initial Closing only, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder at such Closing
shall be no less than the Minimum Amount. 

5        Conditions
of the Company s Obligations at Closing . The obligations of the Company to the Investors under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment on or before each Closing of each of the following conditions by the Investors: 

5.1        Representations
and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Investors contained in Section 3 shall be true on and as of such
Closing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such Closing. All covenants,
agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement to be performed by such Investor on or prior to the date of such Closing
shall have been performed or complied with in all material respects. 

5.2        Suspension
of Offering . No order suspending or enjoining the Offering or sale of the Units has been issued, and no proceedings for that
purpose or a similar purpose have been initiated or are pending, or, to the best of the Company s knowledge, are contemplated
or threatened. There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation prohibiting or restricting the sale of the Units or requiring
any consent or approval of any person, which shall not have been obtained, to issue the Units (except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement). 

5.3        Payment
of Purchase Price . The Investors shall have delivered the purchase price specified in Section 1.2. 

6        Covenant
Regarding Certificates for Shares . No later than thirty (30) days after each Closing, the Company shall deliver the certificates
representing the shares of Common Stock purchased by the Investors in such Closing, as specified in Section 1. 

7        Miscellaneous . 

7.1        Survival
of Warranties . All of the representations and warranties made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement
for a period of one year. The Investors are entitled to rely, and the parties hereby acknowledge that the Investors have so relied,
upon the truth, accuracy and completeness of each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein, irrespective
of any independent investigation made by Investors. The Company is entitled to rely, and the parties hereby acknowledge that the
Company has so relied, upon the truth, accuracy and completeness of each of the representations and warranties of the Investors
contained herein, irrespective of any independent investigation made by the Company. 

7.2        Successors
and Assigns . Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties (including transferees of any of the Common Stock or Warrant
Shares sold hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties
hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

7.3        Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware as applied to agreements among
Delaware residents entered into and to be performed entirely within Delaware. 

7.4        Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may also be executed via facsimile or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf 
format data file, either of which shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) this Agreement with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or  .pdf  signature page were an original
thereof. 

7.5        Titles
and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in
construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

7.6        Notices .
Unless otherwise provided, any notice, authorization, request or demand required or permitted to be given under this Agreement
shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon personal delivery to the party to be notified or three (3)
days following deposit with the United States Post Office, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or two days after
it is sent by an overnight delivery service, or when sent by facsimile with machine confirmation of delivery addressed as follows: 

If to the Investors to: 

The addresses sent forth
on the signature pages attached. 

If to Company,
to: 

Mustang Bio, Inc. 

 2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor 

 New York, NY 10014 

 Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to: 

Wyrick Robbins Yates   Ponton LLP 

 4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300 

 Raleigh, NC 27607-7506 

 Facsimile: (919) 781-4865 

 Attn: W. David Mannheim, Esq. 

Any party may change its address for such
communications by giving notice thereof to the other parties in conformity with this Section. 

7.7        Compensation
of Placement Agent . Each Investor acknowledges that it is aware that the Placement Agent will receive from the Company, in
consideration of its services as Placement Agent in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) selling commissions aggregating
10% of the Purchase Price of the Units to  accredited investors  as that term is defined within the meaning of Rule
501 under the Securities Act introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent (  Qualified Investors  ) (excluding
the purchase price paid upon exercise of the Warrants), (ii) reimbursement for reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the
Placement Agent, not to exceed $20,000, (iii) reasonable and documented expenses of the Placement Agent s transaction counsel,
up to a maximum of $60,000 (iv) escrow fees payable to the escrow agent of up to $4,000, except to the extent the Escrow Agent
requires additional fees for additional Closings, and (v) a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 10% of the
number of Units sold in this offering to Qualified Investors, at an exercise price of $8.50 per share of Common Stock. 

7.8        Transaction
Expenses; Enforcement of Transaction Documents . The Company and each Investor shall pay their respective costs and expenses
incurred with respect to the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. If any action at law or in
equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of the Transaction Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable
attorney s fees, costs, and necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled. 

7.9        Amendments
and Waivers . Except as set forth in Section 1.3(b), this Agreement may be amended or terminated and the observance of any term
of this Agreement may be waived with respect to all parties to this Agreement (either generally or in a particular instance and
either retroactively or prospectively), with the written consent of the Company and the Requisite Holders (as defined below). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Agreement may not be amended or terminated and the observance of any term hereunder may not be waived with
respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment, termination or waiver applies to all
Investors in the same fashion. The Company shall give prompt written notice of any amendment or termination hereof or waiver hereunder
to any party hereto that did not consent in writing to such amendment, termination or waiver. Any amendment, termination or waiver
effected in accordance with this Section 7.9 shall be binding on all parties hereto, even if they do not execute such consent.
No waivers of or exceptions to any term, condition or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed
to be, or construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition or provision. Any amendment or waiver effected
in accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon each holder of any Shares purchased under this Agreement at the time outstanding
each future holder of all such Shares, and the Company. For purposes hereof,  Requisite Holder(s)  shall mean Investors
representing a majority of the Units purchased by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement. 

7.10        Adjustment
for Stock Split . All references to the number of shares of Common Stock and Warrant Shares and the purchase price of the Units
in this Agreement shall be adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or other change in the Common Stock of the Company
which may be made after the date of this Agreement. 

7.11        Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded
from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable
in accordance with its terms. 

7.12        Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement among the parties and no party
shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any warranties, representations, or covenants except as specifically
set forth herein or therein. 

7.13        Independent
Nature of Investors . The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement or other transaction document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Investor under this Agreement or any other transaction document. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder. The decision of each Investor to purchase Units pursuant to this
Agreement has been made by such Investor independently of any other Investor and independently of any information, materials, statements
or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial
or otherwise) or prospects of the Company which may have been made or given by any other Investor or by any agent or employee of
any other Investor, and no Investor or any of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any other Investor (or any other
person) relating to or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein or in any
other transaction document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors
as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in
any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any other transaction document, each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect
and enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other transaction documents, and it shall not be necessary for
any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Investor represents and warrants
that it has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and acknowledges
and understands that Wyrick has served as counsel to the Company only, and the Investors cannot rely upon Wyrick in any manner
with regard to their decision to participate in the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Investor also acknowledges and understands
that Duane Morris LLP has served as counsel to the Placement Agent only and the Investors cannot rely upon Duane Morris LLP in
any manner with regard to their decision to participate in the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[ Signature page follows. ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

Company:   

Mustang Bio, Inc.  

  a Delaware corporation  

By: 

Name: 
     Michael Weiss 

Title: 
     President and CEO 

Investors:  

[TO SIGN AND COMPLETE OMNIBUS SIGNATURE PAGE ANNEXED HERETO]  

APPENDIX A  

Additional Definitions  

For purposes of this
Agreement, the following additional capitalized terms shall have the respective definitions set forth below: 

Affiliate  
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board
of Directors   means the board of directors of the Company. 

Liens  
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Person  
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Securities
Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Transaction
Documents   means this Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent dated
as of August 3, 2016, and the warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Placement Agent in connection with
each Closing, together with all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto. 

* * * *  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v452461_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Michael S. Weiss, Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), certify that: 

(1) 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mustang Bio, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

(2) 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

(3) 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

(4) 
      The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
     evaluated the effectiveness of Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5) 
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss 

Michael S. Weiss 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v452461_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, David J. Horin, Interim Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer), certify that: 

(1) 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mustang Bio, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

(2) 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

(3) 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

(4) 
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

a. 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
     evaluated the effectiveness of Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5) 
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ David J. Horin  

David J. Horin 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v452461_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Mustang Bio, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael S. Weiss, Chairman, President,
and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss 

Michael S. Weiss 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v452461_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

MUSTANG BIO, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Mustang Bio, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David J. Horin, Interim Chief Financial
Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ David J. Horin  

David J. Horin 

Interim Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ck0001680048-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001680048-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ck0001680048-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck0001680048-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck0001680048-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck0001680048-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

