<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_100726_0001564590-16-027340_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9654826</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92575</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>327835</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2166334</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3509963</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2256230</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>66</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027340.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027340
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIFI INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100726
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TEXTILE MILL PRODUCTS [2200]
		IRS NUMBER:				112165495
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0626

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10542
		FILM NUMBER:		161971553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7201 WEST FRIENDLY RD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 19109
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27419-9109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9192944410

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7201 W FRIENDLY RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 19109
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			24719-9109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOMATED ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027340.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 ufi-10q_20160925.htm
 10-Q

ufi-10q_20160925.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from              to              
 Commission File Number: 1-10542 
   
 UNIFI, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York  

11-2165495  

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Identification No.)  

7201 West Friendly Avenue  

Greensboro, North Carolina  27410  

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

(336) 294-4410 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No      
 As of October 27, 2016, there were 18,046 ,043  shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.10 per share, outstanding. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that relate to our plans, objectives, estimates and goals. Statements expressing expectations regarding our future, or projections or estimates relating to products, sales, revenues, expenditures, costs or earnings, are typical of such statements and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs, assumptions and expectations about our future economic performance, considering the information currently available to management. The words  believe,   may,   could,   will,   should,   would,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,   expect,   intend,   seek,   strive  and words of similar import, or the negative of such words, identify or signal the presence of forward-looking statements. These statements are not statements of historical fact; they involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or financial condition to differ materially from the expectations of future results, performance or financial condition that we express or imply in any forward-looking statement. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: 

the competitive nature of the textile industry and the impact of global competition;      

changes in the trade regulatory environment and governmental policies and legislation;      

the availability, sourcing and pricing of raw materials;      

general domestic and international economic and industry conditions in markets where the Company competes, including economic and political factors over which the Company has no control;      

changes in consumer spending, customer preferences, fashion trends and end-uses for products;      

the financial condition of the Company s customers;      

the loss of a significant customer;      

the success of the Company s strategic business initiatives;      

volatility of financial and credit markets;      

the ability to service indebtedness and fund capital expenditures and strategic initiatives;      

availability of and access to credit on reasonable terms;      

changes in currency exchange, interest and inflation rates;      

fluctuations in production costs;      

the ability to protect intellectual property;      

employee relations;      

the impact of environmental, health and safety regulations;      

the operating performance of joint ventures and other equity investments;      

the accurate financial reporting of information from equity method investees; and     

other factors discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 26, 2016 or elsewhere in this report.      

 All such factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and may be beyond our control. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such factors or to assess the impact of each such factor on the Company. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, except as may be required by federal securities law. 
 In light of all the above considerations, we reiterate that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we caution you not to rely on them as such. 

UNIFI, INC.  
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 25, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I       FINAN  CIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Financial Statements.    

     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 
 
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATE  MENTS OF INCOME  
 (Unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 
 
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CO  MPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
 (Unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 
 
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEME  NTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
    Unifi, Inc.  
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1.  Background 
 Unifi, Inc., a New York corporation formed in 1969 (together with its subsidiaries,  we,  the  Company  or  Unifi ), is a multi-national manufacturing company that processes and sells high-volume commodity yarns, specialized yarns designed to meet certain customer specifications, and premium value-added ( PVA ) yarns with enhanced performance characteristics. The Company sells yarns made from polyester and nylon to other yarn manufacturers and knitters and weavers that produce fabric for the apparel, hosiery, home furnishings, automotive upholstery, industrial and other end-use markets. The Company s polyester products include plastic bottle flake, polyester polymer beads ( Chip ), partially oriented yarn ( POY ), and textured, solution and package dyed, twisted, beamed and draw wound yarns. Each yarn product is available in virgin or recycled varieties, where the recycled is made from both pre-consumer yarn waste and post-consumer waste, including plastic bottles. The Company s nylon products include textured, solution dyed and spandex covered products. 
 The Company maintains one of the textile industry s most comprehensive yarn product offerings, and has manufacturing operations in four countries and participates in joint ventures in Israel and the United States.  The Company s principal geographic markets for its products are in North America, Central America, South America and Asia. 
 In addition to the Company s operations described above, the Company s investments include, but are not limited to, (i) a 34% non-controlling partnership interest in Parkdale America, LLC ( PAL ), a producer of cotton and synthetic yarns for sale to the textile industry and apparel market, both foreign and domestic; and (ii) a 60% controlling membership interest in Repreve Renewables, LLC ( Renewables ), an agricultural company focused on the development, production and commercialization of dedicated miscanthus grass for use in the animal bedding, bio-energy and other bio-based product markets.  

2.  Basis of Presentation; Condensed Notes 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. As contemplated by the instructions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to Form 10-Q, the following notes have been condensed and, therefore, do not contain all disclosures required in connection with annual financial statements.  Reference should be made to the Company s year-end audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 26, 2016 (the  2016 Form 10-K ). 
 The financial information included in this report has been prepared by the Company, without audit.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which consist of normal, recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of the results for interim periods have been included.  Nevertheless, the results shown for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and certain financial statement disclosures.  Actual results may vary from these estimates. 
 All dollar and other currency amounts and share amounts, except per share amounts, are presented in thousands (000s), except as otherwise noted. 
 The fiscal quarter for the Company and its Chinese subsidiary ended on September 25, 2016, the last Sunday in September. The fiscal quarter for the Company s Brazilian and Colombian subsidiaries ended on September 30, 2016.  There were no significant transactions or events that occurred between the Company s fiscal quarter end and its subsidiaries  fiscal quarter end.  The three months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 each consisted of thirteen fiscal weeks. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain reclassifications of prior years  data have been made to conform to the current year presentation. 
 As of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company updated the composition of its Polyester and Nylon Segments, intending to better reflect downstream sales for the respective product lines. In connection with such update, for the three months ended September 27, 2015, the Company has reclassified net sales and cost of sales amounts for the respective segments, as reflected in Note 20,  Business Segment Information.  
   
 5 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,   Interest Imputation of Int  erest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ) during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, along with the clarifying guidance in ASU 2015-15  ,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Sub  sequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting.   
 As shown in the table below, unamortized debt issuance costs associated with outstanding debt have been reclassified to conform to the new presentation requirements as of September 25, 2016 as follows: 

3.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , to reduce the diversity in practice arising from inconsistent presentation of certain components of the statement of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for the Company s fiscal 2019. 
 The Company is evaluating the effect the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company adopted ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,  that eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The Company has no measurement period adjustments in the current or comparative periods. 
 There have been no other newly issued or newly applicable accounting pronouncements that have, or are expected to have, a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

4.  Receivables, Net 
 Receivables, net consists of the following: 

6 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    The changes in the Company s allowance for uncollectible accounts are as follows:  

5.  Inventories 
 Inventories consists of the following: 

6.  Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 
 Property, plant and equipment, net ( PP E ) consists of the following: 

Assets under capital leases consists of the following: 

7 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    Depreciation expense and repairs and maintenance expenses were as follows:  

7.  Intangible Assets, Net 
 Intangible assets, net consists of the following: 

Total amortization expense for intangible assets was as follows: 

8.  Accrued Expenses 
 Accrued expenses consists of the following: 

Other consists primarily of accruals for utilities, property taxes, employee-related claims and payments, interest, marketing expenses, freight expenses, rent, deferred incentives and other non-income related taxes. 

8 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    9.  Long-Term Debt  
 Debt Obligations 
 The following table presents the total balances outstanding for the Company s debt obligations, their scheduled maturity dates and the weighted average interest rates for borrowings as well as the applicable current portion of long-term debt: 

(1)   
 
 The weighted average interest rate as of September 25, 2016 for the ABL Term Loan includes the effects of the interest rate swap with a notional balance of $50,000.    

(3)   
 
 Interest rates for capital lease obligations range from 2.3% to 4.6%.    

(4)   
 
 Refer to the discussion under the heading   Construction Financing  below for further information.    

 ABL Revolver and ABL Term Loan 
 On March 26, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary, Unifi Manufacturing, Inc., entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as subsequently amended, the  Amended Credit Agreement ) for a $200,000 senior secured credit facility (the  ABL Facility ) with a syndicate of lenders.  The ABL Facility consists of a $100,000 revolving credit facility (the  ABL Revolver ) and a term loan that can be reset up to a maximum amount of $100,000, once per fiscal year, if certain conditions are met (the  ABL Term Loan ). Such a principal increase occurred in fiscal 2016. The ABL Facility has a maturity date of March 26, 2020. 
 Construction Financing 
 In December 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with a third-party lender that provides for construction-period financing for certain build-to-suit assets. The Company will record project costs to construction in progress and the corresponding liability to construction financing (within long-term debt). The agreement provides for monthly, interest-only payments during the construction period, at a rate of 3.5%, and contains terms customary for a financing of this type. The principal balance of this construction financing arrangement reflects cash paid by the third-party lender for (i) construction in progress and (ii) advances to the Company. 
 The agreement provides for 60 monthly payments, which will commence at the earlier of the completion of the construction period or July 1, 2017, with an interest rate of 3.2%.  
 9 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    Scheduled Debt Maturities  
 The following table presents the scheduled maturities of the Company s outstanding debt obligations for the remainder of fiscal 2017 and the fiscal years thereafter: 

(1)   
 
 Total excludes $9,464 for the construction financing described above.    

10.  Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities consists of the following: 

Other primarily includes the Company s unfunded supplemental post-employment plan, certain retiree and post-employment medical and disability liabilities, and deferred rent. 

11.  Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes was as follows: 

The effective tax rates for the periods presented above are lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to foreign income being taxed at lower rates and a decrease in the valuation allowance for the Company s investment in PAL. These items were partially offset by losses in tax jurisdictions for which no tax benefit could be recognized and state and local income taxes net of federal benefits.  
 The Company regularly assesses the outcomes of both completed and ongoing examinations to ensure that the Company s provision for income taxes is sufficient. Certain returns that remain open to examination have utilized carryforward tax attributes generated in prior tax years, including net operating losses, which could potentially be revised upon examination.  
 Components of the Company s deferred tax valuation allowance are as follows:   

(1)   
 
 Other relates primarily to Renewables.          

 10 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

12.  Shareholders  Equity 
 There were no material changes to the composition of shareholders  equity since June 26, 2016 that are not described in this report. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s repurchases and retirements of its common stock under Board-approved stock repurchase programs for the fiscal periods noted. 

No dividends were paid during the three months ended September 25, 2016 or in the two most recently completed fiscal years. 

13.  Stock-Based Compensation 
 On October 23, 2013, the Company s shareholders approved the Unifi, Inc. 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2013 Plan ). The 2013 Plan replaced the 2008 Unifi, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2008 LTIP ). No additional awards can be granted under the 2008 LTIP; however, prior awards outstanding under the 2008 LTIP remain subject to that plan s provisions. The 2013 Plan authorized the issuance of 1,000 shares of common stock, subject to certain increases in the event outstanding awards under the 2008 LTIP expire, are forfeited or otherwise terminate unexercised. 
 The following table provides information as of September 25, 2016 with respect to the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the 2013 Plan: 

Stock options 
 No stock options were granted by the Company during the three months ended September 25, 2016. During the three months ended September 27, 2015, the Company granted stock options to purchase 82 shares of common stock to certain key employees, utilizing terms, vesting provisions and valuation methods consistent with those described in Note 16,  Stock-Based Compensation,  to the consolidated financial statements in the 2016 Form 10-K.  
 During the three months ended September 25, 2016, 171 stock options were exercised. 
 Restricted stock units 
 The Company may issue, from time to time, restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to the Company s non-employee directors or certain key employees. No RSUs were granted by the Company during the three months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015. See Note 16,  Stock-Based Compensation,  to the consolidated financial statements in the 2016 Form 10-K for further information regarding the Company s RSUs. 
 11 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

14.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company may use derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts or interest rate swaps to reduce its ongoing business exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates.  The Company does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
   
 For the three months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, there were no significant changes to the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value, and there were no transfers into or out of the levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

15.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 The components and the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, as applicable, consist of the following: 

A summary of the after-tax effects of the components of other comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 is included in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The summary excludes pre-tax and tax amounts, as there are no tax components for the relevant activity. 

16.  Earnings Per Share 
 The components of the calculation of earnings per share ( EPS ) are as follows: 

The calculation of EPS is based on the weighted average number of the Company s common shares outstanding for the applicable period.  The calculation of diluted earnings per common share presents the effect of all potential dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the respective period, unless the effect of doing so is anti-dilutive. 

17.  Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates and Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company currently maintains investments in three entities classified as unconsolidated affiliates: PAL; U.N.F. Industries Ltd. ( UNF  and UNF America LLC ( UNFA ). As of September 25, 2016, the Company s investment in PAL was $113,538 and the Company s combined investments in UNF and UNFA were $3,701, each of which is reflected within investments in unconsolidated affiliates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Parkdale America, LLC 
   PAL is a limited liability company treated as a partnership for income tax reporting purposes.  The Company accounts for its investment in PAL using the equity method of accounting.  PAL is subject to price risk related to anticipated fixed-price yarn sales.   
 12 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
  To protect the gross margin of these sales, PAL may enter into cotton futures to manage changes   in raw material prices.  The derivative instruments used are listed and traded on an exchange and are thus valued using quoted prices classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  As of September 25, 2016, PAL had no futures contracts designated   as cash flow hedges.  
 The reconciliation between the Company s share of the underlying equity of PAL and its investment is as follows: 

U.N.F. Industries Ltd. 
 Raw material and production services for UNF are provided by the Company s 50% joint venture partner under separate supply and services agreements.  UNF s fiscal year end is December 31 and it is a registered Israeli private company located in Migdal Ha-Emek, Israel. 
 UNF America LLC 
 Raw material and production services for UNFA are provided by the Company s 50% joint venture partner under separate supply and services agreements.  UNFA s fiscal year end is December 31 and it is a limited liability company treated as a partnership for income tax reporting purposes located in Ridgeway, Virginia. 
 In conjunction with the formation of UNFA, the Company entered into a supply agreement with UNF and UNFA whereby the Company agreed to purchase all of its first quality nylon POY requirements for texturing (subject to certain exceptions) from either UNF or UNFA.  The agreement has no stated minimum purchase quantities and pricing is negotiated every six months, based on market rates.  As of September 25, 2016, the Company s open purchase orders related to this agreement were $2,248. 
 The Company s raw material purchases under this supply agreement consist of the following: 

As of September 25, 2016 and June 26, 2016, the Company had combined accounts payable due to UNF and UNFA of $2,462 and $3,231, respectively. 
 The Company has determined that UNF and UNFA are variable interest entities and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of these entities, based on the terms of the supply agreement.  As a result, these entities should be consolidated in the Company s financial results.  As the Company purchases substantially all of the output from UNF and UNFA, the two entities  balance sheets constitute 3% or less of the Company s total assets and total liabilities (when excluding reciprocal balances), and because such balances are not expected to comprise a larger portion in the future, the Company has not included the accounts of UNF and UNFA in its consolidated financial statements.  The financial results of UNF and UNFA are included in the Company s financial statements with a one-month lag, using the equity method of accounting and with intercompany profits eliminated in accordance with the Company s accounting policy.  Other than the supply agreement discussed above, the Company does not provide any other commitments or guarantees related to either UNF or UNFA. 
 13 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    Condensed balance sheet and income statement information for the Company s unconsolidated affiliates (including reciprocal balances) is presented in the following tables.  PAL is defined as significant and i  ts information is separately disclosed. PAL does not meet the criteria for segment reporting.  

18.  Commitments and Contingencies 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 While employees of the Company s Brazilian operations are unionized, none of the labor force employed by the Company s domestic or other foreign subsidiaries is currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Environmental 
   On September 30, 2004, the Company completed its acquisition of polyester filament manufacturing assets located in Kinston, North Carolina from INVISTA S.a.r.l ( Invista ).  The land for the Kinston site was leased pursuant to a 99-year ground lease ( Ground Lease ) with E.I. DuPont de Nemours ( DuPont ).  Since 1993, DuPont has been investigating and cleaning up the Kinston site under the supervision of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the North Carolina Department of Environment and  
 14 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
  Na  tural Resources ( DENR ) pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Corrective Action program.  The Corrective Action program requires DuPont to identify all potential areas of environmental concern ( AOCs ), assess the extent of containment at   the identified AOCs and clean up the AOCs to comply with applicable regulatory standards.  Effective March 20, 2008, the Company entered into a Lease Termination Agreement associated with conveyance of certain assets at the Kinston site to DuPont.  This a  greement terminated the Ground Lease and relieved the Company of any future responsibility for environmental remediation, other than participation with DuPont, if so called upon, with regard to the Company s period of operation of the Kinston site which wa  s from 2004 to 2008.  However, the Company continues to own a satellite service facility acquired in the 2004 transaction with Invista that has contamination from DuPont s operations and is monitored by DENR.  This site has been remediated by DuPont, and D  uPont has received authority from DENR to discontinue remediation, other than natural attenuation.  DuPont s duty to monitor and report to DENR will be transferred to the Company in the future, at which time DuPont must pay the Company for seven years of m  onitoring and reporting costs and the Company will assume responsibility for any future remediation and monitoring of the site.  At this time, the Company has no basis to determine if or when it will have any responsibility or obligation with respect to th  e AOCs or the extent of any potential liability for the same.  
 Operating Leases 
 The Company routinely leases sales and administrative office space, warehousing and distribution centers, manufacturing space, transportation equipment, manufacturing equipment, and other information technology and office equipment from third parties.  In addition, Renewables leases farm land for use in growing giant miscanthus.  
 Other Commitments 
 The Company has assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the normal course of its operating and financing activities.  Financial obligations are considered to represent known future cash payments that the Company is required to make under existing contractual arrangements. 
 In the course of facilitating the construction of assets (i) in connection with the construction financing arrangement described in Note 9,  Long-Term Debt  and (ii) related to the expansion of the REPREVE    Recycling Center, the Company will incur commitments to equipment vendors and contractors. As of September 25, 2016, such commitments totaled approximately $5,600. 

19.  Related Party Transactions 
 For details regarding the nature of certain related party relationships, see Note 25,  Related Party Transactions,  to the consolidated financial statements in the 2016 Form 10-K. 
 Related party receivables consists of the following: 

Related party payables consists of the following: 

Related party transactions in excess of $120 for the current or prior fiscal year consist of the matters below: 

15 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    The balance of a capital lease obligation with Salem Leasing Corporation as of September 25, 2016 and June 26, 2016 was $999 and $1,015,   respectively.     
   
 Mr. William J. Armfield, IV, a member of the Board of Directors (the  Board ) of Unifi until his passing in July 2016, was a director and the Non-Executive Chairman of, and held an indirect minority equity interest in Cupron, Inc. ( Cupron ). There was no significant activity between Cupron and the Company in July 2016, and therefore, any such transactions or balances in the current and comparative prior periods are omitted from current disclosures. 
   
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company paid $126 to Mr. William L. Jasper, the Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for consulting fees. As of September 25, 2016, $500 of consulting fees were payable to Mr. Jasper subject to his continued compliance with his consulting agreement with the Company. 

20.  Business Segment Information 
 The Company has three reportable segments.  Operations and revenues for each segment are described below: 

The Polyester Segment manufactures plastic bottle flake, Chip and POY, along with textured, solution and package dyed, twisted, beamed and draw wound yarns (both virgin and recycled), with sales primarily to other yarn manufacturers and knitters and weavers that produce yarn and/or fabric for the apparel, hosiery, automotive upholstery, home furnishings, industrial and other end use markets.  The Polyester Segment consists of sales and manufacturing operations in the United States and El Salvador.     

The Nylon Segment manufactures textured nylon yarns and spandex covered yarns, with sales to knitters and weavers that produce fabric primarily for the apparel and hosiery markets.  The Nylon Segment consists of sales and manufacturing operations in the United States and Colombia.     

The International Segment s products primarily include textured polyester and various types of resale yarns and staple fiber (both virgin and recycled). The International Segment sells its yarns and staple fiber to knitters and weavers that produce fabric for the apparel, automotive upholstery, home furnishings, industrial and other end-use markets primarily in the South American and Asian regions.  The International Segment includes a manufacturing location and sales offices in Brazil and a sales office in China.     

 In addition to the Company s reportable segments, the selected financial information presented below includes an All Other category. All Other consists primarily of Renewables (an operating segment that does not meet quantitative thresholds for reporting) and for-hire transportation services. Revenue for Renewables is primarily derived from (i) facilitating the use of miscanthus grass as bio-fuel through service agreements and (ii) delivering harvested miscanthus grass to poultry producers for animal bedding. For-hire transportation services revenue is derived from performing common carrier services utilizing the Company s fleet of transportation equipment.  
 The operations within All Other (i) are not subject to review by the chief operating decision maker at a level consistent with the Company s other operations, (ii) are not regularly evaluated using the same metrics applied to the Company s other operations and (iii) do not qualify for aggregation with an existing reportable segment. Therefore, such operations are excluded from reportable segments. 
 The Company evaluates the operating performance of its segments based upon Segment Profit (Loss), which represents segment gross profit (loss) plus segment depreciation expense.  This measurement of Segment Profit or Loss best aligns segment reporting with the current assessments and evaluations performed by, and information provided to, the chief operating decision maker. 
 The accounting policies for the segments are consistent with the Company s accounting policies.  Intersegment sales are omitted from the below financial information, as they are (i) insignificant to the Company s segments and consolidated operations and (ii) excluded from segment evaluations performed by the chief operating decision maker. 
 16 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    Selected financial information is presented below. As   described in Note 2,  Basis of Presentation; Condensed Notes,  certain amounts previously reported for the Polyester and Nylon Segments for the three months ended September 27, 2015 have been revised to match the current presentation.  

The reconciliations of segment gross profit to consolidated income before income taxes are as follows: 

The reconciliations of segment capital expenditures to consolidated capital expenditures are as follows: 

17 
 
 Unifi, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
   
    The reconciliations of segment total assets to consolidated total assets are as follows:  

21.  Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Cash payments for interest and taxes consist of the following: 

Cash payments for taxes shown above consist primarily of income and withholding tax payments made by the Company in both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. 
 Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
 As of September 25, 2016 and June 26, 2016, $4,841 and $4,197, respectively, were included in accounts payable for unpaid capital expenditures. As of September 27, 2015 and June 28, 2015, $895 and $1,726, respectively, were included in accounts payable for unpaid capital expenditures. 
 During the three months ended September 25, 2016, the Company recorded $2,835 to construction in progress and long-term debt, in connection with the construction financing arrangement described under the heading   Construction Financing  in Note 9,  Long-Term Debt.  
 During August 2015, the Company utilized $1,390 of funds held by a qualified intermediary to purchase certain land and building assets. 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2015, the Company entered into capital leases with an aggregate present value of $4,154.  

18 

Item 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis   of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     

 The following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected the Company s operations, and material changes in financial condition, during the periods included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. A reference to a  note  in this section refers to the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. A reference to the  current period  refers to the three-month period ended September 25, 2016, while a reference to the  prior period  refers to the three-month period ended September 27, 2015; and such references may be accompanied with certain phrases for added clarity.  
 Our discussions in this Item 2 are based upon the more detailed discussions about our business, operations and financial condition included in the 2016 Form 10-K.  These discussions focus on our results during, or as of, the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and the comparable period of fiscal 2016, and, to the extent applicable, any material changes from the information discussed in the 2016 Form 10-K or other important intervening developments or information.  These discussions should be read in conjunction with the 2016 Form 10-K for more detailed and background information. 
 Overview and Significant General Matters 
 The Company s recent successful performance reflects its core strategic focus: producing the highest-quality innovative and sustainable products for customers around the world. This strategic focus includes a number of supporting pillars, which include: continuously improving all operational and business processes; enriching the product mix by growing sales of higher-margin PVA products through all market opportunities; and deriving value from sustainability-based initiatives, including polyester and nylon recycling. The Company remains committed to these strategic initiatives, which it believes will increase profitability and generate improved cash flows from operations. 
 The Company has three reportable segments for its operations   the Polyester Segment, the Nylon Segment and the International Segment   as well as certain ancillary operations that include Renewables, for-hire transportation services and consulting services, which comprise an All Other category. The ancillary operations classified within All Other are insignificant for all periods presented; therefore, the Company s discussion and analysis of those activities is generally limited to their impact on consolidated results, where appropriate. 
 Significant highlights for the current period include the following items, each of which is outlined in more detail below: 

The Company s global strategy and focus on PVA products drove favorable operating results compared to the prior period:     

o   
 
  Net income increased approximately $1,400, or 17%, despite lower earnings from PAL.     

Opened state-of-the-art REPREVE    Bottle Processing Center at the Company s existing facility in Reidsville, North Carolina.     

 Key Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company continuously reviews performance indicators to measure its success.  The following are the key indicators management uses to assess performance of the Company s business, including certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures: 

sales volume for the Company and for each of its reportable segments;     

unit conversion margin, which represents unit net sales price less unit raw material costs, for the Company and for each of its reportable segments;     

gross profit and gross margin for the Company and for each of its reportable segments;     

net income and EPS for the Company;     

Segment Profit (Loss), which represents segment gross profit (loss) plus segment depreciation expense;     

working capital, which represents current assets less current liabilities;     

 19 

earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ), which represents net income attributable to Unifi, Inc. before net interest expense, income tax expense, and depreciation and amo  rtization expense;     

Adjusted EBITDA, which represents EBITDA adjusted to exclude equity in earnings of PAL and certain other adjustments necessary to understand and compare the underlying results of the Company;     

Adjusted Net Income, which excludes certain amounts which management believes do not reflect the ongoing operations and performance of the Company. Adjusted net income represents net income attributable to Unifi, Inc. calculated under GAAP, adjusted to exclude the approximate after-tax impact of certain income or expense items (as well as specific impacts to the provision for income taxes) necessary to understand and compare the underlying results of the Company;     

Adjusted EPS, which represents Adjusted Net Income divided by the Company s basic weighted average common shares outstanding; and     

Adjusted Working Capital represents receivables plus inventory, less accounts payable and accrued expenses, which is an indicator of the Company s production efficiency and ability to manage its inventory and receivables.     

 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Working Capital (collectively, the  non-GAAP financial measures ) are not determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for performance measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The calculations of the non-GAAP financial measures are subjective, based on management s belief as to which items should be included or excluded in order to provide the most reasonable and comparable view of the underlying operating performance of the business. The Company may, from time to time, modify the amounts used to determine its non-GAAP financial measures. When applicable, management s discussion and analysis includes specific consideration for items that comprise the reconciliations of its non-GAAP financial measures. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures better reflect the Company s underlying operations and performance and that their use, as operating performance measures, provides investors and analysts with a measure of operating results unaffected by differences in capital structures, capital investment cycles and ages of related assets, among otherwise comparable companies.  
 Management uses Adjusted EBITDA (i) as a measurement of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis, as it removes the impact of (a) items directly related to our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) and (b) items that we would not expect to occur as a part of our normal business on a regular basis; (ii) for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget; (iii) as a valuation measure for evaluating our operating performance and our capacity to incur and service debt, fund capital expenditures and expand our business; and (iv) as one measure in determining the value of other acquisitions and dispositions. Adjusted EBITDA is a key performance metric utilized in the determination of variable compensation. We also believe Adjusted EBITDA is an appropriate supplemental measure of debt service capacity, because cash expenditures on interest are, by definition, available to pay interest, and tax expense is inversely correlated to interest expense, because tax expense decreases as deductible interest expense increases; and depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges. Equity in earnings of PAL is excluded from Adjusted EBITDA because such earnings do not reflect our operating performance.  
 Management uses Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS (i) as measurements of net operating performance because they assist us in comparing such performance on a consistent basis, as they remove the impact of (a) items that we would not expect to occur as a part of our normal business on a regular basis and (b) components of the provision for income taxes that we would not expect to occur as a part of our underlying taxable operations; (ii) for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget; and (iii) as measures in determining the value of other acquisitions and dispositions. 
 Additionally, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS aim to exclude the impact of the non-controlling interest in Renewables, while the consolidated amounts for Renewables are required to be included in the Company s financial amounts reported under GAAP. 
 20 

Non-GAAP Reconciliations  
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 The reconciliations of the amounts reported under GAAP for net income attributable to Unifi, Inc. to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are as follows. Certain line items below are not reflective of consolidated amounts due to the impact of the non-controlling interest in Renewables, and any such differences are insignificant. 

For the periods presented, there are no other adjustments necessary to reconcile Adjusted EBITDA. However, such adjustments may be presented in future periods when applicable. 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 For the current period and the prior period, there are no adjustments necessary to reconcile net income attributable to Unifi, Inc. to Adjusted Net Income. However, such adjustments may be presented in future periods when applicable. 
   
 Working Capital and Adjusted Working Capital 
   
 See the discussion under the heading  Working Capital  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below. 

21 

Results of Operations  
 First Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Compared to First Quarter of Fiscal 2016 
 Consolidated Overview 
 The components of net income attributable to Unifi, Inc., each component as a percentage of net sales, and the percentage increase or decrease over the prior period amounts are presented in the table below. 

Consolidated Net Sales 
 Consolidated net sales for the current period decreased by $2,196, or 1.4%, as compared to the prior period, primarily due to the impact of lower raw material costs (of approximately 15% for virgin polyester raw materials), partially offset by strong PVA sales from our international operations. 
 Consolidated sales volumes increased 11%, attributable to continued growth in sales of PVA products in the International Segment. In Brazil, we have benefited from year-over-year growth in the synthetic yarn market coupled with a favorable tariff and exchange rate environment for domestically produced yarn.  In Asia, the business has grown as global brands have looked to us to provide consistent PVA products to support their global supply chain. The increase in International Segment sales volumes was partially offset by softness in the retail markets covered by the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the Dominican Republic Central America Free Trade Agreement ( CAFTA DR ), adversely impacting the Polyester and Nylon Segments.   
 Consolidated sales pricing decreased 12%, primarily attributable to (i) lower pricing in the Polyester Segment driven by lower raw material costs and (ii) a change in the sales mix, partially offset by (a) net favorable foreign currency translation of approximately $1,200 and (b) improved pricing in connection with increased PVA product sales. PVA products at the end of fiscal 2016 comprised 35% of net sales and the Company is on pace to achieve the goal of 10% to 15% PVA growth in fiscal 2017. 
 Consolidated Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the current period increased by $2,563, or 12.2%, as compared to the prior period, primarily due to (i) the increase in PVA product sales volumes in the International Segment, (ii) an improvement in per-unit costs for our subsidiary in Brazil due to increased volumes for its manufactured products and (iii) net favorable foreign currency translation.  These benefits were partially offset as gross profit for the Polyester and Nylon Segments decreased due to lower sales volumes and start-up costs associated with the new REPREVE    Bottle Processing Center in Reidsville, North Carolina.    
 22 

Further details regarding the changes in net sales and gross profit, by reportable segment, follow.  
 Polyester Segment 
 The components of Segment Profit, each component as a percentage of net sales, and the percentage increase or decrease over the prior period amounts for the Polyester Segment are as follows: 

The change in net sales for the Polyester Segment is as follows: 

The decrease in net sales for the Polyester Segment was attributable to lower sales prices as a result of (i) lower raw material costs (approximately 15% for virgin polyester raw materials), and (ii) an unfavorable change in sales mix due to lower sales volumes of higher-priced textured, dyed, and beamed yarns and higher sales volumes of lower-priced POY and Chip. Decreased sales volumes were primarily attributable to softness in certain sectors of the retail market, characterized by excess inventory in the supply chain due to (a) a warmer 2015/2016 winter season and (b) a shift in inventory holding patterns from retailers to brands.  
 The change in Segment Profit for the Polyester Segment is as follows: 

The decrease in Segment Profit for the Polyester Segment was attributable to (i) lower sales volumes and (ii) higher manufacturing costs primarily associated with start-up costs for the new REPREVE    Bottle Processing Center in Reidsville, North Carolina. 
 Polyester Segment net sales and Segment Profit, as a percentage of total consolidated amounts, were 52.9% and 41.8%, respectively, for the current period, compared to 58.3% and 50.4%, respectively, for the prior period. 
 Nylon Segment 
 The components of Segment Profit, each component as a percentage of net sales, and the percentage increase or decrease over the prior period amounts for the Nylon Segment are as follows: 

23 

The change in net sales for the Nylon Segment is as follows: 

The decrease in net sales for the Nylon Segment was attributable to (i) lower sales volumes as a result of retail sales weakness and inventory adjustments at a major customer, along with softness in the retail markets supported by NAFTA and CAFTA DR and (ii) the transition of certain PVA programs from the Nylon Segment to the International Segment, in accordance with our global strategy. The shift of PVA sales also adversely impacted the average selling price and sales mix. 
 The change in Segment Profit for the Nylon Segment is as follows: 

The decrease in Segment Profit for the Nylon Segment was attributable to (i) the shift of higher-margin PVA sales to the International Segment, (ii) lower sales volumes and (iii) higher unit manufacturing costs due to decreased production activity.  
 Nylon Segment net sales and Segment Profit, as a percentage of total consolidated amounts, were 17.8% and 13.2%, respectively, for the current period, compared to 22.6% and 25.7%, respectively, for the prior period. 
 International Segment 
 The components of Segment Profit, each component as a percentage of net sales, and the percentage increase or decrease over the prior period amounts for the International Segment are as follows: 

The change in net sales for the International Segment is as follows: 

The increase in net sales for the International Segment was attributable to (i) higher sales volumes of manufactured product at our Brazilian subsidiary due to increased demand for synthetic yarns, particularly air-covered PVA products for use in applications such as stretch denim, (ii) higher sales volumes at our Chinese subsidiary, which benefited from growth of PVA sales and the transition of certain programs from the Nylon Segment, and (iii) approximately $1,750 of favorable foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the Brazilian Real (using a weighted average exchange rate of 3.24 Real/U.S. Dollar and 3.52 Real/U.S. Dollar for the current period and the prior period, respectively). These benefits were partially offset by (a) a decrease in the average selling price in China due to a greater mix of lower-priced staple filament sales to several spinners in support of a large apparel program and (b) unfavorable foreign currency translation due to the Chinese Renminbi. 
 24 

The chan  ge in Segment Profit for the International Segment is as follows:  

Segment Profit for the prior period  

$  
 
 5,812  

Improvements in underlying margins  

3,257  

Increase in sales volumes  

3,250  

Net favorable foreign currency translation effects (Brazilian Real and Chinese Renminbi)  

197  

Segment Profit for the current period  

$  
 
 12,516  

The increase in Segment Profit for the International Segment was attributable to (i) improved margins in Brazil based on a greater mix of higher-margin manufactured products (including PVA products) and improved cost efficiency associated with increased production volumes, (ii) improved margins in Asia due to the growth of PVA programs in Asia, and (iii) net favorable foreign currency translation effects due to the strengthening of the Brazilian Real versus the U.S. Dollar. 
 International Segment net sales and Segment Profit, as a percentage of total consolidated amounts, were 28.3% and 45.2%, respectively, for the current period, compared to 18.1% and 23.5%, respectively, for the prior period. 
 Consolidated Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 The change in selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses is as follows: 

SG A expenses for the prior period  

$  
 
 10,830  

Increase in supplemental retirement plan expenses  

506  

Increase in professional fees  

343  

Increase in incentive compensation expenses  

273  

Increase due to foreign currency translation, and other net activity  

137  

Decrease in consumer marketing and branding expenses  

(679  
 
 )  

SG A expenses for the current period  

$  
 
 11,410  

Total SG A expenses were higher for the current period compared to the prior period, primarily as a result of (i) an increase in supplemental retirement plan expenses due to the comparatively improved performance of the equity index tracked by the plan, (ii) an increase in professional fees for legal, audit and tax services, (iii) a net increase in incentive compensation expenses due to (a) the Company s performance against established targets for the comparable periods, partially offset by (b) a decline in equity awards granted and (iv) an increase due to foreign currency translation for the Brazilian Real. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in consumer marketing and branding expenses due to the timing of such expenses for advertising and sponsorship agreements, primarily for REPREVE   . 
 Consolidated (Benefit) Provision for Bad Debts 
 The benefit to the current period reflects a decrease in the reserve against specifically identified customer balances in the Polyester and International Segments. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net decreased $275, and reflected the following components: 

Interest on debt obligations increased in the current period compared to the prior period in connection with an increase in the average debt balance from $121,806 to $126,785, as well as an increase in the weighted average interest rate from 2.5% to 2.8%. 
 25 

The change in other components of interest expense from the prior period is primarily attributable to (i) an increase in capitalized interest  , driven by increased capital expenditures, as discussed under       Capital Projects      below, and (ii) a favorable change in the mark-to-market adjustment for the interest rate swap.  
 Interest income in each period includes earnings recognized on cash equivalents held globally. 
 Consolidated Earnings from Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 The components of earnings from unconsolidated affiliates are as follows: 

The Company s 34% share of PAL s earnings decreased in the current period versus the prior period, which was primarily attributable to (i) lower volumes and operating margins, mostly as a result of a challenging domestic cotton market and (ii) higher depreciation expenses in connection with recent capital investments.  The earnings from the nylon joint ventures experienced a decrease primarily due to softness in the nylon market, consistent with the results of the Nylon Segment. 
 Consolidated Income Taxes 
 The change in consolidated income taxes is as follows: 

The effective tax rates for the periods presented above are lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to foreign income being taxed at lower rates and a decrease in the valuation allowance for the Company s investment in PAL. These items were partially offset by losses in tax jurisdictions for which no tax benefit could be recognized and state and local income taxes net of federal benefits.  
 Consolidated Net Income Attributable to Unifi, Inc. 
 Net income attributable to Unifi, Inc. for the current period was $9,403, or $0.52 per basic share, compared to $8,025, or $0.45 per basic share, for the prior period.  The increase was primarily attributable to (i) improved gross profit, (ii) a decrease in the provision for bad debts and (iii) a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by (a) lower earnings from PAL and (b) an increase in SG A expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s primary capital requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service and stock repurchases.  The Company s primary sources of capital are cash generated from operations and borrowings available under the ABL Revolver, as described below.  For the current period, cash generated from operations was $8,149, and at September 25, 2016, excess availability under the ABL Revolver was $59,897. 
 26 

As of September 25, 2016, $126,764 of the Company s $130,874 of debt obligations were guaranteed by certain of its domestic operating subsidiaries, while nearly all of the Company s cash and cash equivale  nts were held by its foreign subsidiaries. Cash and cash equivalents held by such other subsidiaries may not be presently available to fund the Company s domestic capital requirements, including its domestic debt obligations. The Company employs a variety   of tax planning and financing strategies to ensure that its worldwide cash is available in the locations where it is needed. The following table presents a summary of cash and cash equivalents, borrowings available under financing arrangements, liquidity,   working capital and total debt obligations as of September 25, 2016:  

(1)   
 
 Although Renewables operates in the United States, presenting its liquidity measures separate from U.S. operations provides a more accurate depiction of the Company s domestic liquidity.    

(2)   
 
 Excludes consideration for amounts available under a construction financing arrangement as such borrowings are specific to a capital project. For additional information, see   Construction Financing  within  Debt Obligations  below.    

 Debt Obligations 
 ABL Facility 
 On March 26, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary, Unifi Manufacturing, Inc., entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as subsequently amended, the  Amended Credit Agreement ) for a $200,000 senior secured credit facility (the  ABL Facility ) with a syndicate of lenders.  The ABL Facility consists of a $100,000 revolving credit facility (the  ABL Revolver ) and a term loan that can be reset up to a maximum amount of $100,000, once per fiscal year, if certain conditions are met (the  ABL Term Loan ). Such a principal increase occurred in fiscal 2016. The ABL Facility has a maturity date of March 26, 2020. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement includes representations and warranties made by the loan parties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are usual and customary for financings of this type. In addition, the ABL Facility contains restrictions on certain payments and investments, including restrictions on the payment of dividends and share repurchases. Subject to certain provisions, the ABL Term Loan may be prepaid at par, in whole or in part, at any time before the maturity date, at the Company s discretion. 
 ABL Facility borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on a margin applied to a benchmark rate. There is also a monthly unused line fee under the ABL Revolver of 0.25%. 
 The ABL Facility is secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in substantially all owned property and assets (together with proceeds and products) of Unifi, Inc., Unifi Manufacturing, Inc. and certain subsidiary guarantors (the  Loan Parties ). It is also secured by a first-priority security interest in all (or 65% in the case of certain first-tier controlled foreign corporations, as required by the lenders) of the stock of (or other ownership interests in) each of the Loan Parties (other than the Company) and certain subsidiaries of the Loan Parties, together with all proceeds and products thereof. 
 If excess availability under the ABL Revolver falls below the Trigger Level (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), a financial covenant requiring the Loan Parties to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio on a monthly basis of at least 1.05 to 1.0 becomes effective. The Trigger Level as of September 25, 2016 was $23,484. 
 As of September 25, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants and the excess availability under the ABL Revolver was $59,897.  At September 25, 2016, the fixed charge coverage ratio was 1.53 to 1.0 and the Company had $200 of standby letters of credit, none of which have been drawn upon.  
 27 

Construction Financing  
 In December 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with a third-party lender that provides for construction-period financing for certain build-to-suit assets. The Company will record project costs to construction in progress and the corresponding liability to construction financing (within long-term debt). The agreement provides for monthly, interest-only payments during the construction period, at a rate of 3.5%, and contains terms customary for a financing of this type. 
 The agreement provides for 60 monthly payments, which will commence at the earlier of the completion of the construction period or July 1, 2017, with an interest rate of 3.2%.  
 Renewables 
 In September 2015, Renewables entered into a secured debt financing arrangement, consisting of a master loan agreement and corresponding term loan supplement having a borrowing capacity of $4,000, with CoBank, ACB and Carolina Farm Credit, ACA. The financing arrangement includes representations and warranties made by Renewables, financial covenants, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are usual and customary for financings of this type.  In connection with this arrangement, a subsidiary of the Company is subject to joint and several liability in the event of recourse by the lenders.  
 In October 2015, Renewables borrowed $4,000 against the above arrangement, bearing interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 3.25%, payable monthly in arrears.  Principal payments of $111 per month begin in September 2019 and are payable through July 2022, followed by a final payment equal to the remaining unpaid principal balance in August 2022.  
 Summary of Debt Obligations 
 The following table presents the total balances outstanding for the Company s debt obligations, their scheduled maturity dates and the weighted average interest rates for borrowings as well as the applicable current portion of long-term debt: 

(1)   
 
 The weighted average interest rate as of September 25, 2016 for the ABL Term Loan includes the effects of the interest rate swap with a notional balance of $50,000.    

(3)   
 
 Interest rates for capital lease obligations range from 2.3% to 4.6%.    

(4)   
 
 Refer to the discussion under the heading   Construction Financing  above for further information.    

 In addition to making payments in accordance with the scheduled maturities of debt required under its existing debt obligations, the Company may, from time to time, elect to repay additional amounts borrowed under the ABL Facility.  Funds to make such repayments may come from the operating cash flows of the business or other sources and will depend upon the Company s strategy, prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 28 

Scheduled Debt Maturities  
 The following table presents the scheduled maturities of the Company s outstanding debt obligations for the remainder of fiscal 2017 and the fiscal years thereafter: 

(1)   
 
 Total excludes $9,464 for the construction financing described above.    

 Further discussion of the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement and the Company s existing indebtedness is included in Note 9,  Long-Term Debt.  
 Working Capital 
 The following table presents the components of working capital and the reconciliation of working capital to Adjusted Working Capital: 

The increase in cash and cash equivalents reflects the strong performance of our international subsidiaries. The decrease in receivables, net is insignificant. The increase in inventories is attributable to higher inventory units during the start-up phase of our REPREVE    Bottle Processing Center and sales growth from our international operations. The increase in other current assets is primarily attributable to an increase in income taxes receivable primarily due to the favorable depreciation provisions of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015. The increase in accounts payable reflects the timing of vendor payments and a lower June 26, 2016 balance due to seasonal shutdowns for the Company and its customers. The decrease in accrued expenses is primarily attributable to the payment of amounts due for variable compensation earned in fiscal 2016. The change in other current liabilities is insignificant. Both working capital and Adjusted Working Capital are within the ranges anticipated by management. 
 Capital Projects 
 During the current period, the Company invested approximately $13,000 in capital projects (including amounts funded by a construction financing arrangement). The most significant investment was the completion of our REPREVE      Bottle Processing Center at the Company s existing facility in Reidsville, North Carolina within our Polyester Segment. This bottle processing plant is expected to process 75 million pounds of plastic bottle flake annually, in support of our growing focus on recycling and sustainability, especially with the REPREVE      brand and its expanding portfolio.  
 29 

Through the remainder of fiscal 2017, the Company expects to invest approximately an additional $27,000 in capital projects (for an antic  ipated total of $40,000 for the fiscal year), which includes (i) completing the fourth REPREVE        Recycling Center production line, (ii) additional machinery modifications to meet the ever-changing demands of the market and (iii) investments in Asia to suppo  rt growth as prominent brand and retail partners continue to respond well to our strategy to provide PVA products globally. These investments will be spread across the Polyester and International Segments.  
 The Company will seek to ensure maintenance capital expenditures are sufficient to allow continued production at high efficiencies. As the REPREVE      Bottle Processing Center reaches full production, our goal is to continue support for REPREVE      by securing a stream of high-quality raw materials (in the form of plastic bottle flake). This, combined with technology advancements in recycling that will be incorporated into the fiscal 2017 recycling expansion, will enhance our ability to grow REPREVE      into other markets such as nonwovens, carpet fiber and packaging .  
 The total amount ultimately invested for fiscal 2017 could be more or less depending on the timing and scale of contemplated initiatives and is expected to be funded by a combination of cash from operations, borrowings under the ABL Revolver, new capital lease obligations and a construction financing arrangement.  The Company expects the capital projects undertaken during fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017 to provide benefits to future profitability. The additional assets from these capital projects consist primarily of machinery and equipment. 
 As a result of our continued focus on REPREVE    and other PVA yarns as part of our mix enrichment strategy, we may incur additional expenditures for capital projects, beyond the currently estimated amount, as we pursue new, currently unanticipated opportunities in order to expand our manufacturing capabilities for these products, for other strategic growth initiatives or to further streamline our manufacturing process, in which case we may be required to increase the amount of our working capital and long-term borrowings. If our strategy is successful, we would expect higher gross profit as a result of the combination of potentially higher sales volumes and an improved mix from higher-margin yarns. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 The Company made no repurchases of its shares of common stock during the current period. As of September 25, 2016, the Company had repurchased a total of 3,147 shares, at an average price of $23.01 (for a total of $72,438, inclusive of commission costs), since January 2013, pursuant to its two Board-approved stock repurchase programs. As of September 25, 2016, approximately $27,600 remained available for repurchases under the current Board-approved stock repurchase program. 
 Liquidity Summary 
 The Company has met its historical liquidity requirements for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other operating needs from its cash flows from operations and available borrowings.  The Company believes that its existing cash balances, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings available under the ABL Revolver will enable the Company to comply with the terms of its indebtedness and meet its foreseeable liquidity requirements.  Domestically, the Company s cash balances, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings available under the ABL Revolver continue to be sufficient to fund the Company s domestic operating activities as well as cash commitments for its investing and financing activities.  For its current foreign operations, the Company expects its existing cash balances and cash provided by operating activities to provide the needed liquidity to fund its foreign operating and investing activities. However, if the Company expands its foreign asset base, it may require cash from its domestic sources. 
 30 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities  
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased from $787 for the prior period to $8,149 for the current period. The significant components of cash provided by operating activities are summarized below. 

The increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to (i) significantly higher net income attributable to the Company of $8,302 in the current period versus $4,926 in the prior period (as indicated in the  Subtotal  above which normalizes for changes in non-cash earnings of unconsolidated affiliates), (ii) less cash used in working capital and (iii) increased generation of deferred income taxes, partially offset by lower distributions from unconsolidated affiliates. Higher net income is attributable to increased sales volume and gross profit performance, as discussed above. Lower working capital spend is primarily due to a comparative increase in customer receipts.  Higher deferred income taxes are primarily due to the favorable depreciation provisions of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015, which was enacted in December 2015. Lastly, as PAL s performance is comparatively weaker, routine tax distributions received by the Company have declined accordingly. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities and Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 The Company utilized $10,184 (net) for investing activities and received $6,358 (net) from financing activities during the current period. 
 Significant investing activities include $10,135 for capital expenditures, which primarily relate to the addition of machinery, equipment and infrastructure for the Company s new plastic bottle processing plant at our existing location in Reidsville, North Carolina, as described above under the heading   Capital Projects.  
 Significant financing activities include $6,125 for net borrowings against the ABL Facility. These borrowings helped fund the investing activities described above. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company has incurred various financial obligations and commitments in the normal course of its operating and financing activities.  Financial obligations are considered to represent known future cash payments that the Company is required to make under existing contractual arrangements, such as debt and lease agreements. 
 Changes to the Company s obligations via various debt and financing arrangements during the current period have been outlined in Note 9,  Long-Term Debt  and Note 18,  Commitments and Contingencies,  with supplemental discussions above in this Item 2. 
 There have been no further material changes in the scheduled maturities of the Company s contractual obligations as disclosed in the table under the heading  Contractual Obligations  in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in the 2016 Form 10-K. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 
 31 

Crit  ical Accounting Policies  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.  The SEC has defined a company s most critical accounting policies as those involving accounting estimates that require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time and where different reasonable estimates or changes in the accounting estimates from quarter to quarter could materially impact the presentation of the financial statements.  The Company s critical accounting policies are discussed in the 2016 Form 10-K.  There have been no material changes to these policies during the current period. 

Item 3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

 The Company is exposed to market risks associated with changes in interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in raw material and commodity costs, which may adversely affect its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, nor is it a party to any leveraged financial instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate risk through its borrowing activities. As of September 25, 2016, the Company had borrowings under its ABL Revolver and ABL Term Loan that totaled $102,575 and contained variable rates of interest; however, the Company hedges a portion of such interest rate variability using an interest rate swap.  After considering the variable rate debt obligations that have been hedged and the Company s outstanding debt obligations with fixed rates of interest, the Company s sensitivity analysis shows that a 50-basis point increase in LIBOR as of September 25, 2016 would result in an increase of $283 in annual interest expense. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 The Company conducts its business in various foreign countries and in various foreign currencies. Each of the Company s subsidiaries may enter into transactions (sales, purchases, fixed purchase commitments, etc.) that are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiary s functional currency and thereby expose the Company to foreign currency exchange rate risk.  The Company may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge this exposure. The Company may also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure for certain equipment or inventory purchase commitments.  As of September 25, 2016, the Company had no outstanding foreign forward currency contracts. 
 A significant portion of raw materials purchased by the Company s Brazilian subsidiary is denominated in U.S. Dollars, requiring the Company to regularly exchange Brazilian Real. During recent fiscal years, and most notably in fiscal 2015, the Company was negatively impacted by a devaluation of the Brazilian Real. However, in recent months, the Brazilian Real has been stable in relation to the U.S. Dollar.  Predicting fluctuations in the Brazilian Real is impracticable. 
 As of September 25, 2016, the Company s subsidiaries outside the United States, whose functional currency is other than the U.S. Dollar, held approximately 14% of the Company s consolidated total assets. The Company does not enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge its net investment in its foreign operations. 
 As of September 25, 2016, $15,394, or 74%, of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were held outside the United States, of which approximately $8,800 were held in U.S. Dollar equivalents. 
 Raw Material and Commodity Risks 
 A significant portion of the Company s raw materials and energy costs is derived from petroleum-based chemicals.  The prices for petroleum and petroleum-related products and energy costs are volatile and dependent on global supply and demand dynamics, including certain geo-political risks.  The Company does not use financial instruments to hedge its exposure to changes in these costs.  The costs of the primary raw materials that the Company uses throughout all of its operations are generally based on U.S. Dollar pricing; and such materials are purchased at market or at fixed prices that are established with individual vendors as part of the purchasing process for quantities expected to be consumed in the ordinary course of business. 
 Other Risks 
 The Company is also exposed to political risk, including changing laws and regulations governing international trade, such as quotas, tariffs and tax laws.  The degree of impact and the frequency of these events cannot be predicted. 
 32 

Item 4.   
 
            Controls   and Procedures.     

 As of September 25, 2016, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based on that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 25, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

33 

PART II       OTHE  R   INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings.    

 Unifi is from time to time a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. With respect to all such lawsuits, claims and proceedings, we record reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We do not believe that any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 1A.   
 
     Risk Factors.    

 There have been no material changes in the Company s risk factors from those disclosed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the 2016 Form 10-K. 

34 

Item 6.   
 
        Exhibits.     

+   
 
 Filed herewith.    

++   
 
 Furnished herewith.    

35 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

UNIFI, INC.  

(Registrant)  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ SEAN D. GOODMAN  

Sean D. Goodman  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal  
 Accounting Officer)  

36 

EXHIBIT   INDEX  

+   
 
 Filed herewith.    

++   
 
 Furnished herewith.    

37  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ufi-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

ufi-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Thomas H. Caudle, Jr., certify that: 
 1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unifi, Inc.; 
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
 
   November 3, 2016  

/s/  THOMAS H. CAUDLE, JR.  

Thomas H. Caudle, Jr.  

President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ufi-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

ufi-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sean D. Goodman, certify that: 
 1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unifi, Inc.; 
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
 
   November 3, 2016   

/s/ SEAN D. GOODMAN  

Sean D. Goodman  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ufi-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

ufi-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unifi, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 25, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas H. Caudle, Jr., President of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:  
 
   November 3, 2016  

/s/  THOMAS H. CAUDLE, JR.  

Thomas H. Caudle, Jr.  

President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ufi-ex322_9.htm
 EX-32.2

ufi-ex322_9.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unifi, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 25, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sean D. Goodman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:  
 
   November 3, 2016  

/s/  SEAN D. GOODMAN  

Sean D. Goodman  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ufi-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ufi-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ufi-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ufi-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ufi-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ufi-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

