<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_949721_0001654954-16-004069_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3587554</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163318</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>243999</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1123691</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1108848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>848313</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-004069.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115143244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-004069
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SANITARY SERVICES [4950]
		IRS NUMBER:				133832215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13984
		FILM NUMBER:		161999219

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12540 BROADWELL ROAD, ,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1203
		CITY:			MILTON
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(678) 871-7457

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12540 BROADWELL ROAD, ,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1203
		CITY:			MILTON
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brooklyn Cheesecake & Desert Com
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREATIVE BAKERIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WILLIAM GREENBERG JR DESSERTS & CAFES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-004069.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 mrdn_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934  

For the
quarterly period ended:  September
30, 2016  

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934  

For the
transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File No. 001-13984 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

12540 Broadwell Road, Suite 2104 

Milton, GA 
30004 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Previous
address of principal executive offices) 

678-871-7454 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
  No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files. Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act: 

Large
accelerated filer 

Accelerated
filer 

Non-accelerated
filer 

Smaller
reporting company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No

As of
November 11, 2016, there were 1,698,569 shares outstanding of the
registrant s common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements 

3 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes
to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

7 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

26 

Item
3. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

34 

Item
4. 

Controls
and Procedures 

34 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Legal
Proceedings 

35 

Item
1A. 

Risk
Factors 

35 

Item
2. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

35 

Item
3. 

Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 

35 

Item
4. 

Mine
Safety Disclosures 

35 

Item
5. 

Other
Information 

35 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

36 

Signatures 

37 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements     

3 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30,
2015 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

4 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30,
2015 

See
notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements    

5 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30,
2015 

See
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

6 

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND ORGANIZATION 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of
Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively
called the "Company") included herein have been prepared by the
Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC"). The unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of
the information and footnotes required by US GAAP for complete
financial statements. The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual
consolidated financial statements and notes for the year ended
December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10 K
for the Company as filed with the SEC. The consolidated balance
sheet at December 31, 2015 contained herein was derived from
audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures
included in the Form 10-K for Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc., and
applicable under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in our annual financial statements
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, but not required for
interim reporting purposes, have been omitted or
condensed. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring items) necessary for a fair presentation of the unaudited
condensed financial statements as of September 30, 2016, and the
results of operations and cash flows for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 have been made. The results of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for a full
year. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On
November 2, 2016, the Company effected a reverse stock split of the
Company s common stock whereby each 20 shares of common stock
was replaced with one share of common stock. The par value and the
number of authorized shares of the common stock were not adjusted.
All common share and per share amounts for all periods presented in
these financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to
reflect the reverse stock split. The quantity of common stock
equivalents and the conversion and exercise ratios were adjusted
for the effect of the reverse stock split. 

Basis of Consolidation 

The condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 include the operations of the Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Here To Serve Missouri Waste
Division, LLC, Meridian Land Company, LLC, Here to Serve
Technology, LLC, Here To Serve Georgia Waste Division, LLC,
Brooklyn Cheesecake   Dessert Acquisition Corp, Meridian Waste
Missouri, LLC and Christian Disposal, LLC. The following two
subsidiaries of the Company, Here To Serve Georgia Waste Division,
LLC and Here to Serve Technology, LLC ("HTST"), a Georgia Limited
Liability Company had no operations during the period. The
condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 include the operations of the Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Here To Serve Missouri Waste
Division, LLC, Here To Serve Georgia Waste Division, LLC, Brooklyn
Cheesecake   Acquisition Corp., and Here to Serve Technology,
LLC, a Georgia Limited Liability Company. 

All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. (the  Company  or
 Meridian ) is currently operating under four separate
Limited Liability Companies: 

(1) Here To Serve Missouri Waste Division, LLC
( HTSMWD ), a Missouri Limited Liability
Company; 

(2) Here To Serve Georgia Waste Division, LLC
( HTSGWD ), a Georgia Limited Liability
Company; 

(3) Meridian Land Company, LLC ( MLC ), a Georgia
Limited Liability Company; 

(4) Christian Disposal, LLC and subsidiary ( CD ), a
Missouri Limited Liability Company. 

On January 7, 2015, in an effort to give investors a more
concentrated presence in the waste industry the Company sold the
assets of HTST to Mobile Science Technologies, Inc., a Georgia
corporation (MSTI), a related party due to being owned and managed
by some of the shareholders of the Company. On this date HTST
ceased operations and became a dormant Limited Liability Company
( LLC ). Currently, Meridian is formalizing plans to
dissolve HTST, in which this LLC will cease to exist. 

In 2014, HTSMWD purchased the assets of a large solid waste
disposal company in the St. Louis, MO market. This acquisition is
considered the platform company for future acquisitions in the
solid waste disposal industry. HTSGWD was created to facilitate
expansion in this industry throughout the Southeast. 

The Company is primarily in the business of residential and
commercial waste disposal and hauling and has contracts with
various cities and municipalities. The majority of the
Company s customers are located in the St. Louis metropolitan
and surrounding areas. 

7 

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND ORGANIZATION
(CONTINUED) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had negative working capital
of $4,783,161. This lack of liquidity is mitigated by the
Company s ability to generate positive cash flow from
operating activities. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
cash generated from operating activities, was approximately
$600,000. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $1,200,000 in cash to cover its short term cash
requirements. Further, the Company has approximately $12,850,000 of
borrowing capacity on its multi-draw term loans and revolving
commitments.   See
note 5, under the heading Goldman Sachs Credit
Agreement. 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.   At
September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company had no cash
equivalents. 
 Short-term
investments consist of investments that have a remaining maturity
of less than one year as of the date of the balance
sheet. 

Short-term Investments 

Management determines the appropriate classification of short-term
investments at the time of purchase and evaluates such designation
as of each balance sheet date. All short-term investments to date
have been classified as held-to-maturity and carried at amortized
cost, which approximates fair market value, on our Consolidated
Balance Sheet. Our short-term investments  contractual
maturities occur before March 31, 2017. The short-term investment
of $1,952,805 is currently restricted as this amount is
collateralizing a letter of credit needed for our performance bond.
The letter of credit expires in February of 2017, and the cash is
restricted until then. 

8 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash
equivalents, short term investments accounts receivable, account
payable, accrued expenses, and notes payable. The carrying amount
of these financial instruments approximates fair value due either
to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing
market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated
financial statements. 

Derivative Instruments 

The Company enters into financing arrangements that consist of
freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that
contain embedded derivative features. The Company accounts for
these arrangements in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities ( ASC 815 ) as well as related
interpretations of this standard. In accordance with this standard,
derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or
liabilities in the balance sheet and are measured at fair values
with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives
that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract are
bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. The Company
determines the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid
instruments based on available market data using appropriate
valuation models, considering of the rights and obligations of each
instrument. 

The Company estimates fair values of derivative financial
instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof)
that are considered consistent with the objective measuring fair
values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company
considers, among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the
market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement.
The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation put option Black-Scholes
Merton model. For less complex derivative instruments, such as
freestanding warrants, the Company generally use the Black Scholes
model, adjusted for the effect of dilution, because it embodies all
of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility,
estimated terms, dilution and risk free rates) necessary to fair
value these instruments. Estimating fair values of derivative
financial instruments requires the development of significant and
subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the
duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and
external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques (such
as Black-Scholes model) are highly volatile and sensitive to
changes in the trading market price of our common stock. Since
derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently
carried at fair values, our income (expense) going forward will
reflect the volatility in these estimates and assumption changes.
Under the terms of this accounting standard, increases in the
trading price of the Company s common stock and increases in
fair value during a given financial quarter result in the
application of non-cash derivative loss. Conversely, decreases in
the trading price of the Company s common stock and decreases
in trading fair value during a given financial quarter result in
the application of non-cash derivative gain. 

See
Notes 5 and 6 under the heading "Derivative Liabilities" for a
description and valuation of the Company's derivative
instruments. 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

The Company periodically reviews its long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully
recoverable. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum
of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less that the
carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured
as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value
and its book value. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company experienced impairment expense of its customer
lists, see note 4. No other impairments were noted during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30,
2015. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of
ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Income Taxes,  which
requires, among other things, an asset and liability approach to
calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and
liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net
deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely
than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The
Company does have deferred tax liabilities related to its
intangible assets, which were $145,000 as of September 30,
2016. 

The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to,
Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are
filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be
sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others
are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken
or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax
position is recognized in the financial statements in the period
during which, based on all available evidence, management believes
it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon
examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation
processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated
with other positions. 

9 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with
the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount
measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the
taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax
positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination.
As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax
benefits. 

As of September 30, 2016, tax years ended December 31, 2015, 2014,
and 2013 are still potentially subject to audit by the taxing
authorities. 

Use of Estimates 

Management estimates and judgments are an integral part of
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (GAAP). We believe that the critical accounting policies
described in this section address the more significant estimates
required of management when preparing our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with GAAP. We consider an accounting
estimate critical if changes in the estimate may have a material
impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We
believe that the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and
resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results could
differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustment to these
balances in future periods. 

Reclassification 

Certain
reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to
conform to 2016 amounts. The reclassifications had no impact on
previously reported results of operations or stockholders 
deficit. The changes were as a result of loan fees being shown net
of long term debt, which was retrospectively applied, $1,416,697 of
net loans were reclassified in the December 31, 2015 balance sheet
to be shown net against long-term debt. This is a result of the
Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded at management s estimate of
net realizable value. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
the Company had approximately $2,368,000 and $2,326,000 of gross
trade receivables, respectively. 

Our reported balance of accounts receivable, net of the allowance
for doubtful accounts, represents our estimate of the amount that
ultimately will be realized in cash. We review the adequacy and
adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis,
using historical payment trends and the age of the receivables and
knowledge of our individual customers. However, if the financial
condition of our customers were to deteriorate, additional
allowances may be required. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 the Company had approximately $170,000 and $618,000 recorded
for the allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively. 

Property, plant and equipment 

The cost of property, plant, and equipment is depreciated over the
estimated useful lives of the related assets utilizing the
straight-line method of depreciation. The cost of leasehold
improvements is depreciated (amortized) over the lesser of the
length of the related leases or the estimated useful lives of the
assets. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred
and major repairs will be capitalized and expensed if it benefits
future periods. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for
potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Intangible assets not
subject to amortization are tested for impairment at least
annually. The Company has intangible assets related to its purchase
of Meridian Waste Services, LLC, Christian Disposal LLC and Eagle
Ridge Landfill, LLC. 

10 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Investment in Related Party Affiliate 

The Company has an investment in a privately held corporation in
the mobile apps industry. As the Company exercises significant
influence on this entity, this investment is recorded using the
equity method of accounting. The Company monitors this investment
for impairment and makes appropriate reductions in the carrying
value if the Company determines that an impairment charge is
required based primarily on the financial condition and near-term
prospect of this entity. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is the excess of our purchase cost over the fair value of
the net assets of acquired businesses. We do not amortize goodwill,
but as discussed in the impairment of long lived assets section
above, we assess our goodwill for impairment at least
annually. 

Website Development Costs 

The Company accounts for website development costs in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50  Website
Development Costs . Accordingly, all costs incurred in the
planning stage are expensed as incurred, costs incurred in the
website application and infrastructure development stage that meet
specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to
day operation of the website are expensed as incurred. 

Landfill Accounting 

Capitalized landfill costs 

Cost basis of landfill assets   We capitalize various costs
that we incur to make a landfill ready to accept waste. These costs
generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill
footprint and required landfill buffer property); permitting;
excavation; liner material and installation; landfill leachate
collection systems; landfill gas collection systems; environmental
monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas; and directly
related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road
construction and other capital infrastructure costs. The cost basis
of our landfill assets also includes asset retirement costs, which
represent estimates of future costs associated with landfill final
capping, closure and post-closure activities. These costs are
discussed below. 

Final capping, closure and post-closure costs   Following is
a description of our asset retirement activities and our related
accounting: 

Final capping   Involves the installation of flexible
membrane liners and geosynthetic clay liners, drainage and
compacted soil layers and topsoil over areas of a landfill where
total airspace capacity has been consumed. Final capping asset
retirement obligations are recorded on a units-of-consumption basis
as airspace is consumed related to the specific final capping event
with a corresponding increase in the landfill asset. The final
capping is accounted for as a discrete obligation and recorded as
an asset and a liability based on estimates of the discounted cash
flows and capacity associated with the final capping. 

Closure   Includes the construction of the final portion of
methane gas collection systems (when required), demobilization and
routine maintenance costs. These are costs incurred after the site
ceases to accept waste, but before the landfill is certified as
closed by the applicable state regulatory agency. These costs are
recorded as an asset retirement obligation as airspace is consumed
over the life of the landfill with a corresponding increase in the
landfill asset. Closure obligations are recorded over the life of
the landfill based on estimates of the discounted cash flows
associated with performing closure activities. 

Post-closure   Involves the maintenance and monitoring of a
landfill site that has been certified closed by the applicable
regulatory agency. Generally, we are required to maintain and
monitor landfill sites for a 30-year period. These maintenance and
monitoring costs are recorded as an asset retirement obligation as
airspace is consumed over the life of the landfill with a
corresponding increase in the landfill asset. Post-closure
obligations are recorded over the life of the landfill based on
estimates of the discounted cash flows associated with performing
post-closure activities. 

11 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

We develop our estimates of these obligations using input from our
operations personnel, engineers and accountants. Our estimates are
based on our interpretation of current requirements and proposed
regulatory changes and are intended to approximate fair value.
Absent quoted market prices, the estimate of fair value is based on
the best available information, including the results of present
value techniques. In many cases, we contract with third parties to
fulfill our obligations for final capping, closure and post
closure. We use historical experience, professional engineering
judgment and quoted and actual prices paid for similar work to
determine the fair value of these obligations. We are required to
recognize these obligations at market prices whether we plan to
contract with third parties or perform the work ourselves. In those
instances where we perform the work with internal resources, the
incremental profit margin realized is recognized as a component of
operating income when the work is performed. 

Once we have determined the final capping, closure and post-closure
costs, we inflate those costs to the expected time of payment and
discount those expected future costs back to present value. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we inflated these costs in
current dollars until the expected time of payment using an
inflation rate of 2.5%. Accretion expense was approximately
$126,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We
discounted these costs to present value using the credit-adjusted,
risk-free rate effective at the time an obligation is incurred,
consistent with the expected cash flow approach. Any changes in
expectations that result in an upward revision to the estimated
cash flows are treated as a new liability and discounted at the
current rate while downward revisions are discounted at the
historical weighted average rate of the recorded obligation. As a
result, the credit adjusted, risk-free discount rate used to
calculate the present value of an obligation is specific to each
individual asset retirement obligation. The weighted average rate
applicable to our long-term asset retirement obligations at
September 30, 2016 is approximately 8.5%. 

We record the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities for our landfill based on the capacity
consumed through the current period. The fair value of final
capping obligations is developed based on our estimates of the
airspace consumed to date for the final capping. The fair value of
closure and post-closure obligations is developed based on our
estimates of the airspace consumed to date for the entire landfill
and the expected timing of each closure and post-closure activity.
Because these obligations are measured at estimated fair value
using present value techniques, changes in the estimated cost or
timing of future final capping, closure and post-closure activities
could result in a material change in these liabilities, related
assets and results of operations. We assess the appropriateness of
the estimates used to develop our recorded balances annually, or
more often if significant facts change. 

Changes in inflation rates or the estimated costs, timing or extent
of future final capping, closure and post-closure activities
typically result in both (i) a current adjustment to the recorded
liability and landfill asset and (ii) a change in liability and
asset amounts to be recorded prospectively over either the
remaining capacity of the related discrete final capping or the
remaining permitted and expansion airspace (as defined below) of
the landfill. Any changes related to the capitalized and future
cost of the landfill assets are then recognized in accordance with
our amortization policy, which would generally result in
amortization expense being recognized prospectively over the
remaining capacity of the final capping or the remaining permitted
and expansion airspace of the landfill, as appropriate. Changes in
such estimates associated with airspace that has been fully
utilized result in an adjustment to the recorded liability and
landfill assets with an immediate corresponding adjustment to
landfill airspace amortization expense. 

Interest
accretion on final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities is
recorded using the effective interest method and is recorded as
final capping, closure and post-closure expense, which is included
in  operating  expenses within our Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Amortization
of Landfill Assets - The amortizable basis of a landfill includes
(i) amounts previously expended and capitalized; (ii) capitalized
landfill final capping, closure and post-closure costs, (iii)
projections of future purchase and development costs required to
develop the landfill site to its remaining permitted and expansion
capacity and (iv) projected asset retirement costs related to
landfill final capping, closure and post-closure
activities. 

Amortization
is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying expense as a
rate per ton. The rate per ton is calculated by dividing each
component of the amortizable basis of a landfill by the number of
tons needed to fill the corresponding asset s
airspace. 

Remaining permitted airspace   Our management team, in
consultation with third-party engineering consultants and
surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted
airspace at our landfills. The remaining permitted airspace is
determined by an annual survey, which is used to compare the
existing landfill topography to the expected final landfill
topography. 

Expansion airspace   We also include
currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of
remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain
circumstances. First, to include airspace associated with an
expansion effort, we must generally expect the initial expansion
permit application to be submitted within one year and the 
 final expansion permit to be
received within five years. Second, we must believe that obtaining
the expansion permit is likely, considering the following
criteria:  

12 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

o 

Personnel are actively working on the expansion of an existing
landfill, including efforts to obtain land use and local, state or
provincial approvals; 

o 

We have a legal right to use or obtain land to be included in the
expansion plan; 

o 

There are no significant known technical, legal, community,
business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could
negatively affect the success of such expansion; and 

o 

Financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design,
and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets the
Company s criteria for investment. 

For unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate
of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, the expansion effort
must meet all of the criteria listed above. These criteria are
evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and
others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits.
Once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that
airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and
expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer
met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the
permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific
landfill. 

When we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of
remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the
projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset
retirement costs related to the final capping, closure and
post-closure of the expansion in the amortization basis of the
landfill. 

Once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined
in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ( AUF )
is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion
capacity in tons. The AUF is established using the measured density
obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to
account for future settlement. The amount of settlement that is
forecasted will take into account several site-specific factors
including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and
projected waste density, estimated number of years of life
remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to
moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill
leachate, and operating practices. In addition, the initial
selection of the AUF is subject to a subsequent multi-level review
by our engineering group, and the AUF used is reviewed on a
periodic basis and revised as necessary. Our historical experience
generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is
greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at
the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit
requirements. 

After determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion
capacity at each of our landfill, we determine the per ton rates
that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the
landfill by dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons.
We calculate per ton amortization rates for the landfill for assets
associated with each final capping, for assets related to closure
and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or
to be capitalized in the future. These rates per ton are updated
annually, or more often, as significant facts change. 

It is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs
incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure
activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our
expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly
different from our estimates and assumptions. To the extent that
such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly
different than actual results, lower profitability may be
experienced due to higher amortization rates or higher expenses; or
higher profitability may result if the opposite occurs. Most
significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should
no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a
landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment
or incur significantly higher amortization expense. If at any time
management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the
capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed
immediately. 

13 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company operations
related to its landfill assets and liability are presented in the
tables below: 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of
arrangement exists, services have been provided, the seller s
price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and collection is
reasonably assured. The majority of the Company s revenues
are generated from the fees charged for waste collection, transfer,
disposal and recycling. The fees charged for our services are
generally defined in service agreements and vary based on
contract-specific terms such as frequency of service, weight,
volume and the general market factors influencing a region s
rate.  For example, revenue typically is recognized as waste
is collected, or tons are received at our landfills and transfer
stations. 

Deferred Revenue 

The Company records deferred revenue for customers that were billed
in advance of services. The balance in deferred revenue represents
amounts billed in July, August and September for services that will
be provided during October, November and December. 

Cost of Services 

Cost of services include all employment costs associated with waste
collection, transfer and disposal, damage claims, landfill costs,
personal property taxes associated with collection vehicles and
other direct cost of the collection and disposal
process. 

Concentrations 

The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit
accounts, which could, at times, exceed federally insured limits.
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts;
however, amounts in excess of the federally insured limit may be at
risk if the bank experiences financial difficulties. The Company
places its cash with high credit quality financial institutions.
The Company s accounts at these institutions are insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to
$250,000. 

Financial instruments which also potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade accounts
receivable; however, concentrations of credit risk with respect to
trade accounts receivables are limited due to generally short
payment terms. 

14 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had one
contract that accounted for approximately 11% of the Company's
revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
had two contracts that accounted for approximately 49% of the
Company's revenue, collectively. 

Basic Income (Loss) Per Share 

Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the
Company s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the
weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company s
net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The
diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic
weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive
debt or equity. At September 30, 2016 the Company had one
convertible note outstanding that is convertible into common
shares. Additionally, the Company issued stock warrants for 104,314
common shares. These are not presented in the consensed
consolidated statement of operations since the Company incurred a
loss and the effect of these shares is
anti-dilutive.  

At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 the Company had a
series of convertible notes and warrants outstanding that could be
converted into approximately, 175,023 and 127,428 common shares,
respectively. These are not presented in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations since the Company incurred a loss and the
effect of these shares is anti- dilutive. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had
70,709 of weighted-average common shares relating to the
convertible debt, under the if-converted method, however, these
shares are not dilutive because the Company recorded a loss during
the fiscal year. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in
accordance with ASC Topic 718. 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based on the requirements
of the Share-Based Payment Topic of ASC 718 which requires
recognition in the consolidated financial statements of the cost of
employee and director services received in exchange for an award of
equity instruments over the period the employee or director is
required to perform the services in exchange for the award
(presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also require
measurement of the cost of employee and director services received
in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the
award. 

Pursuant to ASC Topic 505-50, for share based payments to
consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is
determined at the  measurement date.  The expense is
recognized over the service period of the award. Until the
measurement date is reached, the total amount of compensation
expense remains uncertain. The Company initially records
compensation expense based on the fair value of the award at the
reporting date. 

The Company recorded stock based compensation expense of $8,850,030
and $7,599,150 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, which is included in compensation and related
expense on the statement of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

ASU
2016-09  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 
Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award
transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax
consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows.
The amendments are effective for public companies for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. For private companies, the amendments
are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December
15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any interim or annual
period. 

ASU
2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  Among other things, in
the amendments in ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to
recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of
short-term leases) at the commencement date: 

-A
lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease
payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis;
and 

-A
right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the
lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified
asset for the lease term. 

15 

NOTE 2
- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED) 

Under
the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain
targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers. 

Effective
for Public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years (i.e., January 1, 2019, for a calendar year entity).
Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019 (i.e., January 1, 2020, for
a calendar year entity), and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application is permitted
for all public business entities and all nonpublic business
entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases)
and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating
leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for
leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the
earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.
The modified retrospective approach would not require any
transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest
comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a
full retrospective transition approach. 

ASU
2015-17  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes.  The amendments in ASU
2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to
present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and
noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations
will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and
liabilities as noncurrent. 

Effective
for public business entities for financial statements issued for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the
amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The
amendments may be applied prospectively to all deferred tax
liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods
presented. 

ASU
2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  The
amendments in ASU 2014-15 are intended to define management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and
to provide related footnote disclosures. Under GAAP, financial
statements are prepared under the presumption that the reporting
organization will continue to operate as a going concern, except in
limited circumstances. The going concern basis of accounting is
critical to financial reporting because it establishes the
fundamental basis for measuring and classifying assets and
liabilities. Currently, GAAP lacks guidance about
management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is
substantial doubt about the organization s ability to
continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. This ASU provides guidance to an organization s
management, with principles and definitions that are intended to
reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that are
commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement
footnotes. 

Effective for
annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods
for which the financial statements have not previously been
issued. 

Statement of Cash Flows -  In August
2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated
with the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments
on the statement of cash flows. The amended guidance addresses
specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing
diversity in practice. The amended guidance is effective for the
Company on January 1, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. 

Revenue Recognition  - In May 2014, the
FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with revenue
recognition. The amended guidance requires companies to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. Additionally, the amendments will require enhanced
qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding customer
contracts. The amended guidance associated with revenue recognition
is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The amended
guidance may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented
or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying
the amended guidance recognized at the date of initial
adoption. 

The
Company is currently assessing the potential impact of the above
recent accounting pronouncements. 

NOTE 3   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

The following is a summary of property, plant, and
equipment at cost, less accumulated
depreciation: 

As of
September 30, 2016, the Company has $395,000 of land and building
which are held for sale and not included in amounts noted above.
These held for sale assets were not depreciated during the nine
 months ended September 30,
2016 . Depreciation expense for the nine  months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
was $2,505,329 and $1,224,871, respectively. 

16 

NOTE 4
- INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND ACQUISITION 

Christian Disposal Acquisition 

On December 22, 2015, the Company, in order to expand into new
markets and maximize the rate of waste internalization, acquired
100% of the membership interests of Christian Disposal LLC pursuant
to that certain Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase
Agreement, dated October 16, 2015, as amended by that certain First
Amendment thereto, dated December 4, 2015. 

Eagle Ridge Landfill, LLC and Eagle Ridge Hauling
Business 

On December 22, 2015, the Company, in order to expand into new
markets and maximize the rate of waste internalization, consummated
the closing of the certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated November
13, 2015, by and between the Company and Eagle Ridge Landfill, LLC,
as amended by the certain Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement,
dated December 18, 2015, to which the Company and WCA Waste
Corporation are also party. Pursuant to the Eagle Ridge Purchase
Agreement, Meridian Land acquired a landfill located in Pike
County, Missouri and certain assets, rights, and properties related
to such business of Eagle Ridge, including certain
debts. 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, customer lists include
the intangible assets related to customer relationships acquired
through the acquisition of Christian Disposal and Eagle Ridge with
a cost basis of $10,180,000. The customer list intangible assets
are amortized over their useful life which ranged from 5 to 20
years. Amortization expense, excluding amortization of landfill
assets of $232,581, amounted to $2,833,590 and $2,138,359 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. In June
of 2016 the Company recorded $1,255,269 of impairment expense
against the customer relationships due to the non-renewal of a
Christian operating agreement. The Company also wrote off through
miscellaneous income the $1,000,000 contingent liability that was
recorded in connection with the loss of the potential
renewal. 

NOTE 5
- NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES 

The
Company had the following long-term debt: 

Goldman Sachs Credit Agreement 

On
December 22, 2015, in connection with the closing of acquisitions
of Christian Disposal, LLC and certain assets of Eagle Ridge
Landfill, LLC, the Company was extended certain credit facilities
by certain lenders under a credit agreement among the Company,
certain of its affiliates, the lenders party thereto and Goldman
Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., as administrative agent,
collateral agent and lead arranger, consisting of $40,000,000
aggregate principal amount of Tranche A Term Loans, $10,000,000
aggregate principal amount of commitments to make Multi-Draw Term
Loans and up to $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Revolving
Commitments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company borrowed $2,150,000 in relation to the Revolving
Commitments. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a total
outstanding balance of $42,150,000 consisting of the Tranche A Term
Loan and draw of the Revolving Commitments. The loans are secured
by liens on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries. The debt has a maturity date of December 22, 2020
with interest paid monthly at an annual rate of approximately 9%
(subject to variation based on changes in LIBOR or another
underlying reference rate). In addition, there is a commitment fee
paid monthly on the Multi-Draw Term Loans and Revolving Commitments
at an annual rate of 0.5%. The Company has adopted ASU 2015-03 and
is showing loan fees net of long-term debt on the balance
sheet.  As of September 30, 2016 and at certain times
thereafter, the Company was in violation of covanants within its
credit agreement with Goldman, Sachs   Co. The lenders and
agents and the Company and its affiliates entered into a waiver and
amendment letter on November 11, 2016 whereby the covenant
violations were waived. The next measurement date of all covenants
is December 31, 2016. Should the Company have violations in the
future that are not waived, it could materially effect the
Company's operations and ability to fund future
operations.    

17 

NOTE 5
- NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES (CONTINUED) 

In addition, in connection with the credit agreement, the Company
issued warrants to Goldman, Sachs    
   Co.   for the
purchase of shares of the Company s common stock equivalent
to a 6.5% Percentage Interest at a purchase price equal to
$449,553, exercisable on or before December 22, 2023. The warrants
grant the holder certain other rights, including registration
rights, preemptive rights for certain capital raises, board
observation rights and indemnification. Due to the put feature
contained in the agreement, a derivative liability was recorded for
the warrant. 

The
Company s derivative warrant instrument related to 
  Goldman,
Sachs    
   Co.    has
been measured at fair value at September 30, 2016, using the
Black-Scholes model. The liability is revalued at each reporting
period and changes in fair value are recognized currently in the
consolidated statement of operations. Upon the initial recording of
the derivative warrant at fair value the instrument was bifurcated
and the Company recorded a debt discount of $2,160,000. This debt
discount is being amortized as interest expense using the effective
interest rate method over the life of the note, which is 5 years.
At September 30, 2016 the balance of the debt discount is
$1,899,851. The Company incurred $1,446,515 of issuance cost
related to obtaining the notes. These costs are being amortized
over the life of the notes using the effective interest rate
method. At September 30, 2016, the unamortized balance of the costs
was $1,253,319. 

The key
inputs used in the September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 fair
value calculations were as follows: 

The
change in the market value for the period ending September 30, 2016
is as follows: 

Convertible Notes Payable 

In 2015, as part of the purchase price consideration of the
Christian Disposal acquisition, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note to seller in the amount of $1,250,000. The note
bears interest at 8% and matures on December 31, 2020. The seller
may convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of
this note into fully paid and non-assessable common stock in
accordance with the agreement. 

Subordinated Debt 

In connection with the acquisition with Meridian Waste Services,
LLC on May 15, 2014, notes payable to the sellers of Meridian
issued five-year term subordinated debt loans paying interest at
8%. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance on
these loans was $1,475,000 and $1,475,000,
respectively. 

The debt payable to Comerica at December 31, 2015 and the Equipment
loans at December 31, 2015 were the debt of Here to Serve- Missouri
Waste Division, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company. 

Equipment Loans 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company entered into
four long-term loan agreements in connection with the purchase of
equipment with rates between 4% and 5%. In May of 2016 one of these
equipment loans was paid in full. At September 30, 2016, the
balance of the remaining three loans was $300,054. 

18 

NOTE 5
- NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES (CONTINUED) 

Other Debts 

Convertible notes due related parties 

In 2015, approximately $225,000 of the issued promissory notes were
converted into approximately 461,000 shares at the contractual
conversion price. At September 30, 2016 the Company had $11,850
remaining in convertible notes with an annual interest rate of 6%
to related parties, which includes $1,850 in accrued interest and
is included in current liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheet. The note is no longer convertible as of September 30, 2016
as maturity date has passed. The Company and management have agreed
that principal and all accrued interest will be paid back to the
related party in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Notes Payable, related party 

At December 31, 2014 the Company had a short term, non-interest
bearing note payable of $150,000 which was incurred in connection
with the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement discussed above.
The Company also had a loan from Here to Serve Holding Corp. due to
expenses paid by Here to Serve on behalf of the Company prior to
the recapitalization. This loan totaled $376,585 bringing total
notes payable to $526,585. In 2015, the short term, non-interest
bearing note was paid off, and at September 30, 2016, the
Company s loan from Here to Serve Holding Corp. was $359,891,
and is included in current liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheet. 

Total
interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was $1,224,217 and $3,603,807, respectively. Amortization of
debt discount was $86,913 and $252,751, respectively. Amortization
of capitalized loan fees was $56,156 and $163,377, respectively.
Interest expense on debt was $1,081,148 and $3,187,679,
respectively. 

NOTE 6- SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Common Stock 

The Company has authorized 75,000,000 shares of $0.025 par value
common stock. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 there
were 1,194,051 and 1,051,933 shares issued and
outstanding. 

Treasury Stock 

During 2014, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a
stock repurchase of 11,500 shares of its common stock for
approximately $230,000 at an average price of $20.00 per share. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company holds 11,500
shares of its common stock in its treasury. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has authorized 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, for
which three classes have been designated to date. Series A has 51
and 51 shares issued and outstanding, Series B has 71,210 and
71,210 shares issued and outstanding and series C has 35,750 and 0
shares issued and outstanding, as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has no conversion rights, is
senior to any other class or series of capital stock of the Company
and has special voting rights. Each one (1) share of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607
multiplied by the total issued and outstanding Common Stock
eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the
 Numerator ), divided by (y) 0.49, minus (z) the
Numerator. 

Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
when and if declared by the Board of Directors cumulative dividends
at the rate of twelve percent (12%) of the Original Issue Price. In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, immediately prior and
in preference to any distribution to holders of the Company s
common stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of $100.00 and
any accrued and unpaid dividends of the Series B Preferred Stock.
Each share of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted at the
option of the holder into the Company s Common stock. The
shares shall be converted using the  Conversion
Formula : divide the Original Issue Price by 75% of the
average closing bid price of the Common Stock for the five (5)
consecutive trading days ending on the trading day of the receipt
by the Company of the notice of conversion. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s
Series B Preferred Stock dividends in arrears on the 12% cumulative
preferred stock were approximately $1,673,000 ($23.50 per share)
and $1,033,000 ($14.50 per share), respectively. 

19 

NOTE 6- SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

Series C 

The
Company has authorized for issuance up to 67,361 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock ( Series C ). Each share of Series C:
(a) has a stated value of equal to $100 per share; (b) has a par
value of $0.001 per share; (c) accrues fixed rate dividends at a
rate of eight percent per annum; (d) are convertible at the option
of the holder into 89.28 shares of common Stock (conversion price
of $22.40 per share based off stated value of $100); (e) votes on
an  as converted  basis; (f) has liquidation (including
deemed liquidations related to certain fundamental transactions)
privileges of $22.40 per share. The Series C will expire 15 months
after issuance. 

Further,
in the event of a Qualified Offering, the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock will be automatically converted at the lower of
$22.40 per share or the per share price that reflects a 20%
discount to the price of the Common Stock pursuant to such
Qualified Offering. A "Qualified Offering" is defined as an
underwritten offering by the Company pursuant to which (1) the
Company receives aggregate gross proceeds of at least $20,000,000
in consideration of the purchase of shares of Common Stock or (2)
(a) the Company receives aggregate gross proceeds of at least
$15,000,000 in consideration of the purchase of shares of Common
Stock and (b) the Common Stock becomes listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE MKT. 

In
addition, if after six months from the date of the issuance until
the expiration date, the holder converts a Series C security to
common stock and sells such common stock for total proceeds that do
not equal or exceed such holder s purchase price, the Company
is obligated to issue additional shares of common stock in an
amount sufficient such that, when sold and the net proceeds are
added to the net proceeds of the initial sale, the holder shall
have received funds equal to that of the holder s initial
purchase price ( Shortfall Provision ). 

The
Company evaluated the Series C in accordance with ASC 815  
Derivatives and Hedging, to discern whether any feature(s) required
bifurcation and derivative accounting. The Company noted the
Shortfall Provision has variable settlement based upon an item
(initial purchase price) that is not an input into a fixed for
fixed price model, thus such provision is not considered indexed to
the Company s stock. Accordingly, the Shortfall Provision was
bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability. In
addition, given the Series C has deemed liquidation privileges that
could require redemption outside the control of the issuer, the
Series C is classified within the mezzanine section of the
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

Third
Quarter Series C Offering 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold 12,750
shares of Series C for gross proceeds of $1.275 million. These
proceeds were allocated between the Shortfall Provision derivative
liability ($310,000) and the host Series C instrument ($965,000).
After such allocation, the Company noted that the Series C had a
beneficial conversion feature of $265,000 which was recognized as a
deemed dividend. 

Also
during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
issued 23,000 shares of Series C to repurchase the 2,053,573 shares
of common stock and related short fall provision derivative issued
in June 2016. Given the transaction was predominantly the
repurchase of common stock that was immediately retired, the
Company accounted for this as a treasury stock transaction. The
Series C was recorded at a fair value of $2.3 million ($620,000 of
which was allocated to the Shortfall Provision), the top off
provision (which was $246,000 at the time of exchange) was written
off, and a beneficial conversion feature of $373,000 was recognized
immediately as a deemed dividend. 

Derivative
Footnote 

As
noted above, the common stock issuance during June 2016 included a
top off provision that was extinguished in August 2016. Such
provision was valued using an intrinsic measurement and such value
was $246,000 at the time of extinguishment. 

In
addition, the Series C included a Shortfall Provision that required
bifurcation and to be accounted for as a derivative liability. The
fair value of the Shortfall Provision was calculated using a Monte
Carlo simulated put option Black Scholes Merton Model. The
cumulative fair values at respective date of issuances and
September 30, 2016 were $930,000 and $1.1 million, respectively.
The key assumptions used in the model at inception and at September
30, 2016 are as follows: 

20 

NOTE 6- SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

The
roll forward of the Shortfall Provision derivative liability is as
follows 

Common Stock Transactions 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company issued, 244,788 and 553,762 shares
of common stock, respectively. The fair values of the shares of
common stock were based on the quoted trading price on the date of
issuance. Of the 244,788 shares issued for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company: 

1. 

Issued 25,859 of these shares were issued to vendors for services
rendered generating a professional fees expense of
$778,985; 

2. 

Issued 115,000 of these shares to officers and employees as
incentive compensation resulting in compensation expense of
$3,550,000; 

3. 

Issued 102,679 shares of common stock as part of a private
placement offering to accredited investors for aggregate gross
proceeds to the Company of $2,342,500. The Company capitalized
certain issuance costs associated with this offering of
approximately $264,000, including the fair value of approximately
1,800 common shares issued to the placement agent. These common
shares include a top-off provision. Specifically, if a subscriber
were to sell the common shares within a 1 year period from the
subscription agreement and such sales proceeds do not equal the
investment amount of the subscriber, a warrant will vest. The
Company accounted for this top-off provision as a separate
liability with a fair value of 0 at June 30, 2016. In August of
2016 these 102,679 common shares were exchanged on a dollar for
dollar basis for 23,000 shares of preferred stock, series C. This
exchange was recorded as a capital transaction. The 102,679 common
shares were retired in August of 2016. 

The Company has issued and outstanding warrants of 104,314 common
shares, as adjusted, with the current exercise price of $4.31, as
adjusted, expiring December 31, 2023. 

There
were no outstanding warrants at September 30, 2015. A summary of
the status of the Company's outstanding stock warrants for the
period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

21 

NOTE 7 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 

ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy, giving the
highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets
and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the
hierarchy. Also, ASC Topic 820 provides clarification that in
circumstances, in which a quoted price in an active market for the
identical liabilities is not available, a reporting entity is
required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques
provided for in this update. 

The standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels
of input, of which the first two are considered observable and the
last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value, which
are the following: 

Level 1   - Quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets and
liabilities.  

Level 2 
 - Input other than Level 1 that are
observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices
for similar assets of liabilities; quoted prices in markets that
are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the asset or liabilities.  

Level 3 
 - Unobservable inputs that are
supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the
fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and
considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

The following table sets forth the liabilities at September
30 , 2016 and 2015 , which is
recorded on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis by
level within the fair value hierarchy. As required, these are
classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement:  

22 

NOTE 8
- LEASES 

The Company s has entered into non-cancellable leases for its
office, warehouse facilities and some equipment. These lease
agreements commence on various dates from September 1, 2010 to
December 2015 and all expires on or before December, 2023. Future
minimum lease payments at  September 30, 2016  are as follows:  

The Company has also entered into various other leases on a month
to month basis for machinery and equipment. Rent expense amounted
to $409,007  and $222,869  for
the nine  months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 ,
respectively.  

NOTE 9 - BONDING 

In connection with normal business activities of a company in the
solid waste disposal industry, Meridian may be required to acquire
a performance bond. As part of the Company s December 22,
2015 acquisitions of Christian Disposal, LLC and Eagle Ridge
Landfill, LLC, Meridian acquired a performance bond in the
approximate amount of $7,400,000 with annual expenses of $221,000.
For the nine  months ended September 30, 2016 , the Company had approximately $141,000 of
expenses related to this performance bond and for the nine 
months ended September 30, 2015 , the
Company was not required to obtain a performance
bond.  

Note 10 - LITIGATION 

The Company is involved in various lawsuits related to the
operations of its subsidiaries which arise in the normal course of
business. Management believes that it has adequate insurance
coverage and/or has appropriately accrued for the settlement of
these claims. If applicable, claims that exceed amounts accrued
and/or that are covered by insurance, management believes they are
without merit and intends to vigorously defend and resolve with no
material impact on financial condition. 

NOTE 11 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Sale of Capitalized Software 

On January 7, 2015, in an effort to give investors a more
concentrated presence in the waste industry the Company sold the
capitalized software assets of Here to Serve Technology, LLC (HTST)
to Mobile Science Technologies, Inc., a Georgia corporation (MSTI),
a related party due to being owned by some of the shareholders of
the Company. No gain or loss was recognized on this transaction as
the Company received equity equal to book value ($434,532) of the
capitalized software in the exchange. This represents approximately
15% of the equity of MSTI and is reflected in the accompanying
balance sheet as  investment in related party
affiliate . The Company's investment of 15% of the common
stock of MSTI is accounted for under the equity method because the
company exercises significant influence over its operating and
financial activities. Significant influence is exercised because
both Companies have a Board Member in common. Accordingly, the
investment in MSTI is carried at cost, adjusted for the Company's
proportionate share of earnings or losses. 

The following presents unaudited summary financial information for
MSTI. Such summary financial information has been provided herein
based upon the individual significance of this unconsolidated
equity method investment to the consolidated financial information
of the Company. 

23 

NOTE 11 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

Following is a summary of financial position and results of
operations of MSTI: 

The Company recorded losses from its investment in MSTI, accounted
for under the equity method, of approximately $2,100 for the
nine  months ended September 30, 2016 . The charge reflected the Company s share
of MSTI losses recorded in that period. While the Company has
ongoing agreements with MSTI relating to the use of MSTI's software
technology, the Company has no obligation to otherwise support the
activities of MSTI.  

NOTE 12   EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLANS 

Effective March 10, 2016, the Board of Directors (the
 Board ) of the Company approved, authorized and
adopted the 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan (the  
Plan ) and certain forms of ancillary agreements to be used
in connection with the issuance of stock and/or options pursuant to
the Plan (the  Plan Agreements ). The Plan provides for
the issuance of up to 7,500,000 shares of common stock, par value
$.025 per share (the  Common Stock ), of the Company
through the grant of nonqualified options (the  Non-qualified
options ), incentive options (the  Incentive
Options  and together with the Non-qualified Options, the
 Options ) and restricted stock (the  Restricted
Stock ) to directors, officers, consultants, attorneys,
advisors and employees. 

On March 11, 2016, the Company entered into a restricted stock
agreement with Mr. Jeff Cosman, CEO, (the  Cosman Restricted
Stock Agreement ), pursuant to which 212,654 shares of the
Company's common stock, subject to certain restrictions set forth
in the Cosman Restricted Stock Agreement, were issued to Mr. Cosman
pursuant to the Cosman Employment Agreement and the
Plan. 

The entire 212,654 shares fully cliff vests on January 1, 2017 if
continuous employment and the Company reaches certain performance
goals. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has recognized
approximately $4,500,000 in compensation expense of a potential
total expense of $6,592,000. The total expense of $6,592,265 is
being expensed ratably from the original agreement date of March
11, 2016 to the end date of January 1, 2017. 

24 

NOTE
13   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Series B Securities Exchange Agreements 

Effective October 13, 2016, the Company entered into those certain
securities exchange agreements (the    Series
B Exchange Agreements   ) by and between the
Company and each holder of the Company s Series B Preferred
Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the    Series
B Preferred   ), (collectively, the
 Series B   Holders   
and each, individually, a  Series B   Holder   )
to effect the exchange of all shares of Series B Preferred for
shares of Common Stock.     Pursuant to the Series B Exchange
Agreements, the Company agreed to issue to the Series B Holders a
total of 500,001 shares of Common Stock, with each Series B Holder
being issued 166,667 shares of Common Stock, subject to and in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Series B Exchange
Agreements in consideration for the cancellation of all shares of
Series B Preferred owned by the Series B Holders. Upon cancellation
of the Series B Preferred pursuant to the Series B Exchange
Agreements, there are no shares of Series B Preferred issued and
outstanding.  

25 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

We
intend for this discussion to provide information that will assist
in understanding our consolidated financial statements, the changes
in certain key items in those consolidated financial statements,
and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well
as how certain accounting principles affect our consolidated
financial statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction
with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, included elsewhere in this report. 

Plan of Operation 

The platform operation of the Company is our subsidiary Here To
Serve Missouri Waste Division, LLC ( HTS Waste ). HTS
Waste is in the business of collection of non-hazardous solid
waste. Our revenue is generated primarily by collection services
provided to residential customers, as well as commercial and
temporary roll-off customers. The Company's agreement with Goldman
Sachs Specialty Lending Group, has allowed the Company to focus on
pursuing waste solutions opportunities in the Midwest, in order to
differentiate itself from its larger competitors. With respect to
our platform operation in St. Louis, the Company is focused on
building in and around this initial marketplace. We are continuing
to evaluate our infrastructure needs, placing importance on revenue
and cash-flow growth. The Company is specifically focused on
bidding on municipal contracts in the St. Louis market, as well as
acquisitions throughout the Midwest to drive this plan. The Company
plans to remain vigilant in understanding the many solutions in the
waste industry and adapting to the changing landscape in order to
maximize the returns of its capital in the marketplace. The Company
has executed its first step with its agreement with Goldman Sachs
Specialty Lending Group to build the capital structure needed to
execute its forward strategy. 

The
following table reflects the total revenue of the Company for the
nine months ending September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31,
2015, and the combined revenues for HTS Waste and Meridian Waste
Services for the year ended December 31, 2014 (dollars in
thousands): 

Our
nine months ended September 30, 2016 revenue has grown
significantly due to the acquisitions of Christian Disposal and
Meridian Land Company. As our revenues continue to grow in this
existing market, we plan to increase the rate of this growth by
increasing our presence in the commercial and
 roll-off  business. Roll-off service is the hauling
and disposal of large waste containers (typically between 10 and 40
cubic yards) that are loaded on to and off of the collection
vehicle. Management also expects continued growth through
additional mergers and acquisitions. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes
thereto. 

Results of Operations 

Summary of Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

26 

Revenue 

The
Company s revenue for the three months ended September 30,
2016 was $8,389,326, a 148% increase over the three months ended
September 30, 2015 of $3,382,221. This increase is due to the
continued growth of HTS Waste and the acquisitions of Christian
Disposal and Eagle Ridge. Christian Disposal revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $3,600,000 and
Eagle Ridge revenue for the same period was approximately
$1,000,000. 

Gross Profit 

Gross
profit percentage for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is
29%. This is an increase of approximately 3% from the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase is significant in that it
shows management s ability to improve efficiencies of
operations.    The Company is
utilizing the synergies of its recent acquisitions, such as
creating density in some of its routes, which creates cost
savings.  In addition, there was a decrease in landfill costs
as the company began internalizing its waste. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating
expenses were $5,513,566, or 66% of revenue, for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,272,039, or 67% of
revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The high
level of operating expenses in both periods is due to recurring
costs of operations, including professional fees, compensation and
general and administrative expenses, including insurance and rental
expense and certain other incremental items relating to the
acquisitions in December 2015, primarily including payments to
third party professionals for accounting and valuation services.
The increase in operating expenses from the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
300, 2015, is primarily attributable to increased compensation and
related expense and the acquisition of Christian Disposal and Eagle
Ridge in December of 2015.  

Other expenses 

Other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
was  $501,149 , as compared
to  $37,367  for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The change is attributable to an
approximate increase in interest expense of $770,000 and increase
in unrealized gain on change in fair value of derivative liability
of $386,000. The increase in the interest expense was due primarily
to our increase in debt of approximately
$30,000,000.  

Net Loss 

Net loss for three months ended September 30, 2016, was 
$3,753,949  or loss per share of 
$2.96 , as compared to 
$1,430,064  or loss per share of 
$2.22 , for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  

Summary of Statements of Operations for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenue 

The
Company s revenue for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 was $23,883,663, a 145% increase over the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 of $9,733,330. This increase is due to the
continued growth of HTS Waste and the acquisitions of Christian
Disposal and Eagle Ridge. Christian Disposal revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $10,500,000 and
Eagle Ridge revenue for the same period was approximately
$2,800,000. 

Gross Profit 

Gross
profit percentage for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is
30%. This is an increase of approximately 4% from the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase is significant in that it
shows management s ability to improve efficiencies of
operations. The Company is utilizing the synergies of its recent
acquisitions, such as creating density in some of its routes, which
creates cost savings. In addition, there was a decrease in landfill
costs as the Company began internalizing its waste. 

27 

Operating Expenses 

Operating
expenses were $19,544,172, or 82% of revenue, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $13,463,557, or 138% of
revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The high
level of operating expenses in both periods is due to recurring
costs of operations, including professional fees, compensation and
general and administrative expenses, including insurance and rental
expense and certain other incremental items relating to the
acquisitions in December 2015, primarily including payments to
third party professionals for accounting and valuation services.
 The 56%
decrease in operating expenses as a percent of revenue is primarily
attributable to significant stock based compensation issued to
certain employees and vendors during the three months ended June
30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 stock based
compensation was 39% of total revenue, as compared to 78% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Other expenses 

Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
was  $1,751,101 , as compared
to  $414,005  for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The change is attributable to an
approximate increase in interest expense of $2,700,000 and increase
in gain on contingent liability of $1,000,000. Lastly, there was an
increase in unrealized gain on change in fair value of derivative
liability of $500,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  

Net Loss 

Net loss for nine months ended September 30, 2016, was 
$14,308,049  or loss per share
of  $11.91 , as compared
to  $11,309,967  or loss per
share of  $19.05 , for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  

Segment Information 

The
Company currently has one operating segment. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities
and working capital at September 30, 2016, compared to December 31,
2015: 

The change in working capital (deficit) is due primarily to the
following changes to current assets and current liabilities. The
increase in short-term investments of approximately $2,000,000
offset by a decrease in cash of approximately $1,500,000. Accounts
Receivable and other assets increased by approximately $500,000.
Contingent liability decreased by $1,000,000 offset by an increase
of approximately $900,000 in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

Short-term
investments increased due to the Company needing to collateralize a
letter of credit for a performance bond. Cash decreased primarily
because of the acquisition of equipment. Accounts receivable
increased due to increased sales. The contingent liability decrease
is the result of the loss of a potential renewal as part of the
Christian disposal acquisition. Accounts payable and accrued
expenses increased as a result of increased sales. 

At September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of 
$4,783,161 , as compared to a working
capital deficit of  $5,871,251 ,
at December 31, 2015, a decrease of  $1,088,090 .  This lack of liquidity is mitigated by
the Company s ability to generate positive cash flow from
operating activities. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
cash generated from operating activities, was approximately
$600,000. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $1,200,000 in cash and cash equivalents and
$1,953,000 in short-term investments to cover its short term cash
requirements. Further, the Company has approximately $12,850,000 of
borrowing capacity on its multi-draw term loans and revolving
commitments with    Goldman,
Sachs    
   Co.    as
discussed below. 

The
Company purchased approximately $5 million of equipment while
increasing long term debt by approximately $2,400,000 during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase in debt was due
to the Company borrowing on its revolving commitments with Goldman
Sachs as discussed below. Liquidity is the ability of a company to
generate funds to support its current and future operations,
satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. 

As of September 30,
2016 and at certain times thereafter, the Company was in violation
of covenants within its credit agreement
with          Goldman,
Sachs    
   Co   . The
lenders and agents and the Company and its affiliates entered into
a waiver and amendment letter on November 11, 2016 whereby the
covenant violations were waived and the Company is now in
compliance. The Company is currently in compliance with all
covenants, associated with the amended credit agreement. 
Shoud the Company have violations in the future that are not
waived, it could materially effect the Company's operations and
ability to fund future operations.    

28 

Our
primary uses of cash have been for working capital purposes to
support our operations and our efforts to become a reporting
company with the SEC. All funds received have been expended in the
furtherance of growing our business operations, establishing our
brand and making sure our work is completed with efficiency and of
the highest quality. The following trends are reasonably likely to
result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to
long term: 

o 

An
increase in working capital requirements to finance additional
marketing efforts, 

o 

Increases in
advertising, public relations and sales promotions for existing
customers and to attract new customers as the company expands,
and 

o 

The
cost of being a public company. 

We are
not aware of any known trends or any known demands, commitments or
events that will result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing
in any material way. We are not aware of any matters that would
have an impact on future operations. 

During
the 3 months ending September 30, 2015, the Company eliminated its
Credit Facility with Comerica Bank (see Debt Restructuring with
Praesidian Capital Opportunity Fund III, LP below). In December
2015, the Company subsequently refinanced its debt with Praesidian
in connection with the acquisitions of Christian Disposal and Eagle
Ridge (see Goldman Sachs Credit Agreement below). 

We
currently have no material commitments for capital expenditures and
believe that our cash requirements over the next 12 months will be
approximately $1,000,000. In order to fund future growth and
expansion through acquisitions and capital expenditures, the
Company may be required to raise capital through the sale of its
securities. We expect cash, short-term investments, cash flow from
operations and access to capital markets to continue to be
sufficient to fund our operations. 

In
order to fund future expansion through acquisitions and capital
expenditures, the Company may raise additional capital through the
sale of its securities on the public market. 

Debt Restructuring with Praesidian Capital Opportunity Fund III,
LP 

On
August 6, 2015, the Company entered into a financing agreement with
Praesidian Capital Opportunity Fund III, LP whereby the Comerica
facilities described below and other short term bridge financing
were paid. Total proceeds from this financing were used to
eliminate this debt. 

Goldman Sachs Credit Agreement 

On
December 22, 2015, in connection with the closing of acquisitions
of Christian Disposal, LLC and certain assets of Eagle Ridge
Landfill, LLC, the Company was extended certain credit facilities
by     Goldman,
Sachs    
   Co.,    
consisting of $40,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Tranche A
Term Loans, $10,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Multi- Draw
Term Loans and up to $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of
Revolving Commitments. During the three months ended March 31,
2016, the Company borrowed $2,150,000 in relation to the Revolving
Commitments. At September 30, 2016, the Company had at total
outstanding balance of $42,900,000 consisting of the Tranche A Term
Loan and draw of the Revolving Commitments. The loans are
collateralized by the assets of the Company. The debt has a
maturity date of December 22, 2020 with interest paid monthly at an
annual rate of 9%. In addition, there is a commitment fee paid
monthly on the Mutli-Draw Term Loans and Revolving Commitments at
an annual rate of 0.5%. 

The
proceeds of the loans were used to partially fund the acquisitions
referenced above and refinance existing debt with Praesidian, among
other things. The Company re-paid in full and terminated its
agreements with Praesidian which effected the cancellation of
certain warrants that the Company issued to Fund III for the
purchase of 931,826 shares of the Company s common stock and
to Fund III-A for the purchase of 361,196 shares of the
Company s common stock. In consideration for the cancellation
of the Praesidian Warrants, the Company issued to Praesidian
Capital Opportunity Fund III, LP, 1,153,052 shares of common stock
and issued to Praesidian Capital Opportunity Fund III-A, LP,
446,948 shares of common stock. Due to the early termination of the
notes and cancellation of the warrants, the Company recorded a loss
on extinguishment of debt of $1,899,161 in the year ended December
31, 2015. 

In
addition, in connection with the credit agreement, the Company
issued warrants to     Goldman,
Sachs    
   Co.    
for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock
equivalent to a 6.5% Percentage Interest at a purchase price equal
to $449,553, exercisable on or before December 22, 2023. The
warrants grant the holder certain other rights, including
registration rights, preemptive rights for certain capital raises,
board observation rights and indemnification. See discussion of
warrants below. 

29 

Inflation and Seasonality 

Based
on our industry and our historic trends, we expect our operations
to vary seasonally. Typically, revenue will be highest in the
second and third calendar quarters and lowest in the first and
fourth calendar quarters. These seasonal variations result in
fluctuations in waste volumes due to weather conditions and general
economic activity. We also expect that our operating expenses may
be higher during the winter months due to periodic adverse weather
conditions that can slow the collection of waste, resulting in
higher labor and operational costs. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Basis of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 include the operations of the Company and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Here To Serve Missouri Waste Division,
LLC, Meridian Land Company, LLC, Here to Serve Technology, LLC and
Christian Disposal, LLC. The following two subsidiaries of the
Company, Here To Serve Georgia Waste Division, LLC and Here to
Serve Technology, LLC, a Georgia Limited Liability Company had no
operations during the period. 

All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

The
Company periodically reviews its long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The
Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected
undiscounted future cash flows is less that the carrying amount of
the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference
between the asset s estimated fair value and its book
value. 

Use of Estimates 

Management
estimates and judgments are an integral part of consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP). We believe that the critical accounting policies described
in this section address the more significant estimates required of
management when preparing our consolidated financial statements in
accordance with GAAP. We consider an accounting estimate critical
if changes in the estimate may have a material impact on our
financial condition or results of operations. We believe that the
accounting estimates employed are appropriate and resulting
balances are reasonable; however, actual results could differ from
the original estimates, requiring adjustment to these balances in
future periods. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at management s estimate of net
realizable value. Our reported balance of accounts receivable, net
of the allowance for doubtful accounts, represents our estimate of
the amount that ultimately will be realized in cash. We review the
adequacy and adjust our allowance for doubtful accounts on an
ongoing basis, using historical payment trends and the age of the
receivables and knowledge of our individual customers. However, if
the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate,
additional allowances may be required. 

Revenue Recognition 

The
Company follows the guidance of ASC 605 for revenue recognition. In
general, the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists, services have been rendered or product delivery
has occurred, the sales price to the customer is fixed or
determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

We
generally provide services under contracts with municipalities or
individual customers. Municipal and commercial contracts are
generally long-term and often have renewal options. Advance
billings are recorded as deferred revenue, and revenue is
recognized over the period services are provided. We recognize
revenue when all four of the following criteria are
met: 

Persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists such as a service agreement with
a municipality, a hauling customer or a disposal
customer; 

Services have been
performed such as the collection and hauling of waste; 

The
price of the services provided to the customer is fixed or
determinable. And 

Collectability is
reasonably assured. 

30 

Intangible Asset  

Intangible
assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for potential
impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. Assets not subject to amortization
are tested for impairment at least annually. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is the excess of our purchase cost over the fair value of the net
assets of acquired businesses. We do not amortize goodwill, but as
discussed in the Asset Impairments section below, we assess our
goodwill for impairment at least annually. 

Landfill Accounting 

Capitalized landfill costs 

Cost
basis of landfill assets   We capitalize various costs that
we incur to make a landfill ready to accept waste. These costs
generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill
footprint and required landfill buffer property); permitting;
excavation; liner material and installation; landfill leachate
collection systems; landfill gas collection systems; environmental
monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas; and directly
related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road
construction and other capital infrastructure costs. The cost basis
of our landfill assets also includes asset retirement costs, which
represent estimates of future costs associated with landfill final
capping, closure and post-closure activities. These costs are
discussed below. 

Final
capping, closure and post-closure costs   Following is a
description of our asset retirement activities and our related
accounting: 

Final
capping   Involves the installation of flexible membrane
liners and geosynthetic clay liners, drainage and compacted soil
layers and topsoil over areas of a landfill where total airspace
capacity has been consumed. Final capping asset retirement
obligations are recorded on a units-of-consumption basis as
airspace is consumed related to the specific final capping event
with a corresponding increase in the landfill asset. The final
capping is accounted for as a discrete obligation and recorded as
an asset and a liability based on estimates of the discounted cash
flows and capacity associated with the final capping. 

Closure  
Includes the construction of the final portion of methane gas
collection systems (when required), demobilization and routine
maintenance costs. These are costs incurred after the site ceases
to accept waste, but before the landfill is certified as closed by
the applicable state regulatory agency. These costs are recorded as
an asset retirement obligation as airspace is consumed over the
life of the landfill with a corresponding increase in the landfill
asset. Closure obligations are recorded over the life of the
landfill based on estimates of the discounted cash flows associated
with performing closure activities. 

Post-closure
  Involves the maintenance and monitoring of a landfill site
that has been certified closed by the applicable regulatory agency.
Generally, we are required to maintain and monitor landfill sites
for a 30-year period. These maintenance and monitoring costs are
recorded as an asset retirement obligation as airspace is consumed
over the life of the landfill with a corresponding increase in the
landfill asset. Post-closure obligations are recorded over the life
of the landfill based on estimates of the discounted cash flows
associated with performing post-closure activities. 

We
develop our estimates of these obligations using input from our
operations personnel, engineers and accountants. Our estimates are
based on our interpretation of current requirements and proposed
regulatory changes and are intended to approximate fair value.
Absent quoted market prices, the estimate of fair value is based on
the best available information, including the results of present
value techniques. In many cases, we contract with third parties to
fulfill our obligations for final capping, closure and post
closure. We use historical experience, professional engineering
judgment and quoted and actual prices paid for similar work to
determine the fair value of these obligations. We are required to
recognize these obligations at market prices whether we plan to
contract with third parties or perform the work ourselves. In those
instances where we perform the work with internal resources, the
incremental profit margin realized is recognized as a component of
operating income when the work is performed. 

Once we
have determined the final capping, closure and post-closure costs,
we inflate those costs to the expected time of payment and discount
those expected future costs back to present value. During the year
ended December 31, 2015 we inflated these costs in current dollars
until the expected time of payment using an inflation rate of 2.5%.
We discounted these costs to present value using the
credit-adjusted, risk-free rate effective at the time an obligation
is incurred, consistent with the expected cash flow approach. Any
changes in expectations that result in an upward revision to the
estimated cash flows are treated as a new liability and discounted
at the current rate while downward revisions are discounted at the
historical weighted average rate of the recorded obligation. As a
result, the credit-adjusted, risk-free discount rate used to
calculate the present value of an obligation is specific to each
individual asset retirement obligation. The weighted average rate
applicable to our long-term asset retirement obligations at
December 31, 2015 is approximately 8.5%. 

31 

We
record the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities for our landfills based on the capacity
consumed through the current period. The fair value of final
capping obligations is developed based on our estimates of the
airspace consumed to date for the final capping. The fair value of
closure and post-closure obligations is developed based on our
estimates of the airspace consumed to date for the entire landfill
and the expected timing of each closure and post-closure activity.
Because these obligations are measured at estimated fair value
using present value techniques, changes in the estimated cost or
timing of future final capping, closure and post-closure activities
could result in a material change in these liabilities, related
assets and results of operations. We assess the appropriateness of
the estimates used to develop our recorded balances annually, or
more often if significant facts change. 

Changes
in inflation rates or the estimated costs, timing or extent of
future final capping, closure and post-closure activities typically
result in both (i) a current adjustment to the recorded liability
and landfill asset and (ii) a change in liability and asset amounts
to be recorded prospectively over either the remaining capacity of
the related discrete final capping or the remaining permitted and
expansion airspace (as defined below) of the landfill. Any changes
related to the capitalized and future cost of the landfill assets
are then recognized in accordance with our amortization policy,
which would generally result in amortization expense being
recognized prospectively over the remaining capacity of the final
capping or the remaining permitted and expansion airspace of the
landfill, as appropriate. Changes in such estimates associated with
airspace that has been fully utilized result in an adjustment to
the recorded liability and landfill assets with an immediate
corresponding adjustment to landfill airspace amortization
expense. 

Remaining
permitted airspace   Our engineers, in consultation with
third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible
for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. The
remaining permitted airspace is determined by an annual survey,
which is used to compare the existing landfill topography to the
expected final landfill topography. 

Expansion airspace
  We also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in
our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in
certain circumstances. First, to include airspace associated with
an expansion effort, we must generally expect the initial expansion
permit application to be submitted within one year and the final
expansion permit to be received within five years. Second, we must
believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely, considering
the following criteria: 

o 

Personnel are
actively working on the expansion of an existing landfill,
including efforts to obtain land use and local, state or provincial
approvals; 

o 

We
have a legal right to use or obtain land to be included in the
expansion plan; 

o 

There
are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or
political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively
affect the success of such expansion; and 

o 

Financial analysis
has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results
demonstrate that the expansion meets the Company s criteria
for investment. 

For
unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of
remaining permitted and expansion airspace, the expansion effort
must meet all of the criteria listed above. These criteria are
evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and
others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits.
Once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that
airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and
expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer
met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the
permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific
landfill. 

When we
include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining
permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected
costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement
costs related to the final capping, closure and post-closure of the
expansion in the amortization basis of the landfill. 

Once
the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in
cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ( AUF ) is
established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion
capacity in tons. The AUF is established using the measured density
obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to
account for future settlement. The amount of settlement that is
forecasted will take into account several site-specific factors
including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and
projected waste density, estimated number of years of life
remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to
moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill
leachate, and operating practices. In addition, the initial
selection of the AUF is subject to a subsequent multi-level review
by our engineering group, and the AUF used is reviewed on a
periodic basis and revised as necessary. Our historical experience
generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is
greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at
the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit
requirements. 

32 

After
determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion
capacity at our landfill, we determine the per ton rates that will
be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by
dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons. We
calculate per ton amortization rates for the landfill for assets
associated with each final capping, for assets related to closure
and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or
to be capitalized in the future. These rates per ton are updated
annually, or more often, as significant facts change. 

It is
possible that actual results, including the amount of costs
incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure
activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our
expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly
different from our estimates and assumptions. To the extent that
such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly
different than actual results, lower profitability may be
experienced due to higher amortization rates or higher expenses; or
higher profitability may result if the opposite occurs. Most
significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should
no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a
landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment
or incur significantly higher amortization expense. If at any time
management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the
capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed
immediately. 

Derivative Instruments 

The Company enters into financing arrangements that consist of
freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that
contain embedded derivative features. The Company accounts for
these arrangements in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification topic 815, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities ( ASC 815 ) as well as related
interpretations of this standard. In accordance with this standard,
derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or
liabilities in the balance sheet and are measured at fair values
with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives
that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract are
bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. The Company
determines the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid
instruments based on available market data using appropriate
valuation models, considering of the rights and obligations of each
instrument. 

The Company estimates fair values of derivative financial
instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof)
that are considered consistent with the objective measuring fair
values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company
considers, among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the
market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement.
For less complex derivative instruments, such as freestanding
warrants, the Company generally use the Black Scholes model,
adjusted for the effect of dilution, because it embodies all of the
requisite assumptions (including trading volatility, estimated
terms, dilution and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these
instruments. Estimating fair values of derivative financial
instruments requires the development of significant and subjective
estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of
the instrument with related changes in internal and external market
factors. In addition, option-based techniques (such as
Black-Scholes model) are highly volatile and sensitive to changes
in the trading market price of our common stock. Since derivative
financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at
fair values, our income (expense) going forward will reflect the
volatility in these estimates and assumption changes. Under the
terms of this accounting standard, increases in the trading price
of the Company s common stock and increases in fair value
during a given financial quarter result in the application of
non-cash derivative loss. Conversely, decreases in the trading
price of the Company s common stock and decreases in trading
fair value during a given financial quarter result in the
application of non-cash derivative gain. 

Deferred Revenue 

The
Company records deferred revenue for customers that were billed in
advance of services. The balance in deferred revenue represents
amounts billed in October, November and December for services that
will be provided during January, February and March. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC
Topic 718. To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan
and has not granted any stock options. 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the
Share-Based Payment Topic of ASC 718 which requires recognition in
the consolidated financial statements of the cost of employee and
director services received in exchange for an award of equity
instruments over the period the employee or director is required to
perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the
vesting period). The ASC also require measurement of the cost of
employee and director services received in exchange for an award
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 505-50, for share based payments to consultants and
other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at the
 measurement date.  The expense is recognized over the
service period of the award. Until the measurement date is reached,
the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. The
Company initially records compensation expense based on the fair
value of the award at the reporting date. During the six months the
Company has warrants outstanding with an estimated fair value of
$2,700,000. In addition, the Company issued restricted shares
during the six months ended, June 30, 2016 with an estimated value
of approximately $6,300,000. 

33 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There
were no off-balance sheet arrangements during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 that have or are reasonably likely to
have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to our interests. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

We do
not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any
hedging activities. 

Item 4. Controls and  Pr ocedures. 

(a) Evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures . 

At the
conclusion of the period ended September 30, 2016 we conducted an
evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer whom is also
acting as Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )).
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer determined that our controls to ensure that the
accounting department has adequate resources for public company
external reporting was not adequate. Currently, the Company does
not have an Audit Committee to oversee the financial reporting
process. Accordingly, based on these material weaknesses, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective during the
period covered by this report, September 30, 2016, to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules. 

The
Company's management is addressing these weaknesses. Recently the
Company has added 3 independent Directors so that the Company will
have an Audit Committee that meets regulatory requirements for
independence and financial expert experience. The Company also
started the process of retaining additional staff to assist its
internal staff with compliance issues. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above
did not have an effect on our company's financial
results. 

(b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

34 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

We are
currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or
investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the
knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our
subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our
common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our
subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as
such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We
believe there are no changes that constitute material changes from
the risk factors previously disclosed in our annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on
April 14, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

From
July 20, 2016 through August 26, 2016, the Board issued an
aggregate of 12,750 shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to
subscriptions by six accredited investors under a private placement
offering of such shares at the price of $100 per
share. 

From
July 20, 2016 through August 26, 2016, the Board issued an
aggregate of 996 shares of restricted Common Stock to the
Company s placement agent and/or its designees, pursuant to
subscriptions under a private placement offering of Series C
Preferred Stock during such period. 

On
August 11, 2016, the Board issued 15,000 restricted shares of the
Company s common stock to an employee pursuant to an
employment agreement. 

Effective August
26, 2016, the Board issued an aggregate of 23,000 shares of Series
C Preferred Stock to nine accredited investors in consideration of
cancelation of an aggregate of 102,679 shares of Common Stock,
pursuant to a Securities Exchange Agreement with each such
investor. 

The
securities issued pursuant to the above offerings were not
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), but qualified for exemption under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D. The
securities were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities by the
Company did not involve a  public offering,  as defined
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial
number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the
offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered.
The Company did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high
number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition,
these shareholders had the necessary investment intent as required
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since they agreed to, and
received, share certificates bearing a legend stating that such
securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities
Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be
immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part
of a  public offering.  Based on an analysis of the
above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for
exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

There
has been no default in the payment of principal, interest, sinking
or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with
respect to any indebtedness of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Effective
November 11, 2016, Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.
( Holdings ), Here to Serve - Missouri Waste Division,
LLC ( Missouri Waste ), Here to Serve - Georgia Waste
Division, LLC ( Georgia Waste ), Brooklyn Cheesecake
  Dessert Acquisition Corp. ( BCDA ), Meridian Land
Company, LLC ( Meridian Land ), Christian Disposal, LLC
( Christian Disposal ), and FWCD, LLC
( FWCD  and together with Holdings, BCDA, Missouri
Waste, Georgia Waste, Meridian Land, and Christian Disposal, the
 Companies ), and certain subsidiaries of Holdings, the
Lenders from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Specialty
Lending Group, L.P., as administrative agent for Lenders,
Collateral Agent, and Lead Arranger executed and delivered that
certain Fourth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the
 Fourth Amendment ) to amend certain terms and
conditions of that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as
of December 22, 2015, by and among the parties to the Amendment, as
amended by that certain First Amendment, dated as of March 9, 2016,
that certain Second Amendment, dated as of July 19, 2016 and that
certain Waiver and Amendment Letter dated August 16, 2016 (the
 Credit Agreement ).  Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, the Credit
Agreement is amended by (i) replacing the definitions of
 Availability ,  Consolidated Corporate
Overhead  and  Leverage Ratio  (ii) amending
Section 2.13(c)(iv), Section 6.8(d) and Section 6.8(e); and (iii)
inserting a limited waiver of specific requirements of the
Companies, pursuant to Section 8.1(c) with respect the
Company s failure to meet requirements relating to the
Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Corporate Overhead and
Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures.  

The above description of the Fourth Amendment does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of
the document itself, which is included as Exhibit 4.5 to this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated by
reference. 

35 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Certificate
of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25,
2016) 

4.1 

Form of
Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to the
Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on June 9, 2016) 

4.2 

Second
Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 19,
2016, entered into by and among Here to Serve   Missouri
Waste Division, LLC, Here to Serve   Georgia Waste Division,
LLC, Brooklyn Cheesecake   Desserts Acquisition Corp., Meridian
Land Company, LLC, Christian Disposal, LLC, and FWCD, LLC, Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. ( Holdings ) and certain
subsidiaries of Holdings, as Guarantors, the Lenders party hereto
from time to time and Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P.,
as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, and Lead Arranger*
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on July 25, 2016) 

4.3 

Amended
and Restated Purchase Warrant for Common Shares issued in favor of
Goldman, Sachs   Co., dated July 19, 2016 (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25,
2016) 

4.4  

Waiver and
Amendment Letter, dated as of August 16, 2016, entered into by and
among Here to Serve   Missouri Waste Division, LLC, Here to
Serve   Georgia Waste Division, LLC, Brooklyn Cheesecake
  Desserts Acquisition Corp., Meridian Land Company, LLC,
Christian Disposal, LLC, and FWCD, LLC, Meridian Waste Solutions,
Inc. ( Holdings ) and Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending
Group, L.P., as administrative agent for the Lenders, Collateral
Agent, and Lead Arranger*  

4.5  

Fourth Amendment to
Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2016,
entered into by and among Here to Serve   Missouri Waste
Division, LLC, Here to Serve   Georgia Waste Division, LLC,
Brooklyn Cheesecake   Desserts Acquisition Corp., Meridian Land
Company, LLC, Christian Disposal, LLC, and FWCD, LLC, Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. ( Holdings ) and certain
subsidiaries of Holdings, the Lenders party thereto from time to
time and Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., as
administrative agent for the Lenders, Collateral Agent, and Lead
Arranger*  

10.1 

Form of
Subscription Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016) 

10.2 

Form of
Subscription Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2016) 

10.3 

Form of
First Amendment to Subscription Agreement (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17,
2016) 

10.4 

Form of
Subscription Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2016) 

10.5 

Form of
Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016) 

31.1  

Certification
by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or
Rule 15d-14(a)).* 

31.2  

Certification
by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or
Rule 15d-14(a)).* 

32.1  

Certification
by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.* 

32.2  

Certification
by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.* 

101.INS 

XBRL
Instance Document* 

101.SCH 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document* 

101.CAL 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document* 

101.DEF 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document* 

101.LAB 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document* 

101.PRE 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document* 

* 

Filed
herewith 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

MERIDIAN WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Date:
November 15, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Jeffrey Cosman 

Name: 

Jeffrey
Cosman 

Title: 

Chief
Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

(Principal
Accounting Officer) 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrdn_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeffrey Cosman, certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this Form 10-Q of Meridian Waste Solutions,
Inc.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 15, 2016 

By: 

/s/   Jeffrey
Cosman  

Jeffrey
Cosman 

Principal
Executive Officer 

Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrdn_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeffrey Cosman, certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this Form 10-Q of Meridian Waste Solutions,
Inc.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 15, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Jeffrey
Cosman  

Jeffrey
Cosman 

Principal
Financial Officer 

Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mrdn_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report of Meridian Waste
Solutions, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Cosman,
Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of
my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   

The
information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
November 15, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Jeffrey
Cosman        

Jeffrey
Cosman 

Principal
Executive Officer 

Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mrdn_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Quarterly Report of Meridian Waste Solutions,
Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Cosman, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my
knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   

The
information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
November 15, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Jeffrey
Cosman      

Jeffrey
Cosman 

Principal
Financial Officer 

Meridian
Waste Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-4.4>
 6
 mrdn_ex44.htm
 INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES

Blueprint 

Exhibit
4.4   

GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P. 

6011 Connection Drive 

Irving, Texas 75039 

August 16, 2016 

Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. 

12540
Broadwell Road 

Suite
1203 

Milton,
GA 30004 

Attention: Jeff Cosman 

Waiver and Amendment Letter 

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

We
refer to that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of
December 22, 2015, by and among HERE TO SERVE   MISSOURI
WASTE DIVISION, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company
(  HTS
MWD  ), HERE TO SERVE   GEORGIA WASTE DIVISION,
LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (  HTS GWD  ), BROOKLYN
CHEESECAKE   DESSERT ACQUISITION CORP., a New York corporation
(  BCDA  ), MERIDIAN LAND
COMPANY, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company
(  MLC  ), CHRISTIAN
DISPOSAL, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company
(  Christian
Disposal  ), and FWCD, LLC, a Missouri limited
liability company (  FWCD   and together with
HTS MWD, HTS GWD, BCDA, MLC, and Christian Disposal, the
  Companies   and each, a
  Company  ), MERIDIAN WASTE
SOLUTIONS, INC., a New York corporation (  Holdings  ) and certain
subsidiaries of Holdings, the Lenders from time to time party
thereto and GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P., as
administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the
  Administrative
Agent  ), Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger, as
amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty
Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2016, and by that certain Second
Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 19,
2016 (and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ).
Capitalized terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
as defined therein. 

Waiver 

At your
request, with respect to the Consolidated Corporate Overhead of
Holdings as of the twelve consecutive fiscal months ending June 30,
2016, the Administrative Agent and Lenders hereby conditionally
waive, through the date hereof, any Default or Event of Default
that may have occurred pursuant to Section 8.1(c) of the Credit
Agreement due to the failure of Holdings to maintain a Consolidated
Corporate Overhead of less than $1,200,000   in the twelve consecutive fiscal
months ending June 30, 2016, as required by Section 6.8(e) of the
Credit Agreement. 

Amendment 

At your
request, in accordance with  Section 10.5  of the Credit
Agreement, the Administrative Agent and Lenders agree
that 

1 

1.
 Section 2.13  of the
Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing subsection (c)(iv)
of such Section in its entirety with the following: 

(iv) to
pay Consolidated Corporate Overhead in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $1,350,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal
months, 

and 

2.
 Section 6.8  of the
Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing subsection (e) of
such Section in its entirety with the following: 

(e)
 Maximum Consolidated
Corporate Overhead . Holdings shall not permit Consolidated
Corporate Overhead to exceed $1,350,000 in any period of twelve
consecutive fiscal months. 

Nothing
herein, nor any communications among Administrative Agent, any
Lender or any Credit Party shall be deemed a waiver with respect to
any Events of Default (except as expressly provided herein), or any
waiver of a future failure of any Credit Party to comply fully with
any provision of the Credit Agreement or any provision of any other
Credit Document (including, but not limited to, any possible future
Event of Default of which the Administrative Agent or any Lender
may have been advised). 

Except
as expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect, and the waiver and amendment set forth
above are limited solely to the matters stated above and shall not
be deemed to be a waiver or amendment of, or consent to departure
from, any other provision of the Credit Agreement. Without limiting
the foregoing, except as expressly provided herein, the
Administrative Agent and Lenders expressly reserve all of their
rights, powers, privileges and remedies under the Credit Agreement,
the other Credit Documents and applicable law. This amendment
letter is a Credit Document. This amendment letter shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of
the State of New York. Delivery of an executed signature page of
this letter by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission
shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart hereof. 

[remainder of page
intentionally left blank] 

2 

Very
truly yours, 

GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY
LENDING GROUP, L.P., 

as Administrative Agent, Lead
Arranger and Collateral Agent 

By:  /s/ Stephen
Hipp           

Name: Stephen
Hipp         

Title:
Senior Vice President 

GOLDMAN
SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING HOLDINGS, INC., 

as a
Lender 

By: /s/ Stephen
Hipp                                        
   Name: Stephen
Hipp 

  Title: Senior Vice
President 

3 

ACKNOWLEDGED
AND AGREED: 

HERE
TO SERVE   MISSOURI WASTE DIVISION, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

MERIDIAN
WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC., as Holdings 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Chief Executive Officer 

HERE
TO SERVE   GEORGIA WASTE DIVISION, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

BROOKLYN
CHEESECAKE   DESSERT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
President 

MERIDIAN
LAND COMPANY, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

CHRISTIAN
DISPOSAL, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

FWCD,
LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                        

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

4 

cc: 

Richard J. Dreger, Attorney at Law, P.C. 

11660 Alpharetta Highway 

Building 700, Suite 730 

Roswell, Georgia 30076 

(678) 566-6938 (Facsimile) 

5 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 7
 mrdn_ex45.htm
 INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES

Blueprint 

Exhibit
4.5  

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO     CREDIT AND GUARANTY
AGREEMENT  

THIS
FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this
  Amendment  ) is entered
into as of November 11, 2016 by and among HERE TO SERVE  
MISSOURI WASTE DIVISION, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company
(  HTS
MWD  ), HERE TO SERVE   GEORGIA WASTE DIVISION,
LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (  HTS GWD  ), BROOKLYN
CHEESECAKE   DESSERT ACQUISITION CORP., a New York corporation
(  BCDA  ), MERIDIAN LAND
COMPANY, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company
(  MLC  ), CHRISTIAN
DISPOSAL, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company
(  Christian
Disposal  ), and FWCD, LLC, a Missouri limited
liability company (  FWCD   and together with
HTS MWD, HTS GWD, BCDA, MLC, and Christian Disposal, the
  Companies   and each, a
  Company  ), MERIDIAN WASTE
SOLUTIONS, INC., a New York corporation (  Holdings  ) and certain
subsidiaries of Holdings, the Lenders from time to time party
thereto and GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P., as
administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the
  Administrative
Agent  ), Collateral Agent and Lead
Arranger. 

RECITALS 

A.           The
Companies, Holdings, Lenders and Administrative Agent are parties
to that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December
22, 2015 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit and
Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2016 (the
  First
Amendment  ), by that certain Second Amendment to
Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2016 (the
  Second
Amendment  ), by that certain Waiver and Amendment
Letter, dated as of August 16, 2016 (the   Third Amendment  ), and as
may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  
capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement),
pursuant to which the Lenders have made certain financial
accommodations available to the Companies; 

B.           The
Companies have requested that the Lenders amend certain provisions
of the Credit Agreement and waive certain Events of Default, and,
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Lenders executing
this Amendment are willing to do so; and 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants hereinafter contained, and intending to be legally bound,
the parties hereto agree as follows: 

A.
 AMENDMENT  

1.      Section 1.1  of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing the definitions of
 Availability ,  Consolidated Corporate
Overhead  and  Leverage Ratio  and in their
entirety with the following: 

Availability 
means, on any date of determination, the lesser of (a)(i) the
aggregate principal amount of the Commitments as of such date less
(ii) the aggregate principal balance of the Loans as of such date,
and (b)(i)(A) the sum of the trailing twelve months Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day
of the most recently ended month for which financial statements
have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) multiplied by (B)
the then in effect maximum Leverage Multiple, less (ii) the sum of
(A) the aggregate principal balance of the Loans as of such date
plus (B)(x) all other Consolidated Total Debt as of such date, less
(y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Subordinated Debt
as of such date. Availability shall be computed giving pro forma
effect to all Credit Extensions proposed to be made on the relevant
date of determination. 

1 

Consolidated
Corporate Overhead  means, for any period, the aggregate of
all expenditures of Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such
period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP
including, without limitation, all expenditures associated with the
compensation and benefits of the corporate officers and staff of
Holdings and its Subsidiaries (including the chief executive
officers, chief financial officers and chief operating officers
thereof) and legal, audit, insurance and accounting costs and
expenses associated with the corporate compliance of Holdings and
its Subsidiaries and excluding such other expenditures that, in
accordance with GAAP, (i) are or should be included in Consolidated
Interest Expense, (ii) are taxes based on income, (iii) are
capitalized expenditures, (iv) are operating expenses, and (v) are
other non-Cash or non-recurring items consented to by
Administrative Agent in writing in its sole
discretion. 

Leverage
Ratio  means as of any date of determination, the ratio of
(a) (i) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date, less (ii) the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Subordinated Debt as of
such date, to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve month
period ending on such date (or if such date of determination is not
the last day of a fiscal month, for the twelve fiscal month period
ending as of the most recently concluded for which financial
statements are required to have been delivered
hereunder). 

2.      Section 2.13  of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing subsection (c)(iv) of such
Section in its entirety with the following: 

(iv) to
pay Consolidated Corporate Overhead in an aggregate amount (x) not
to exceed $2,100,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal
months ending on or prior to December 31, 2017 and (y) not to
exceed $1,350,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months
ending after December 31, 2017; 

2.            Section
6.8  of the Credit Agreement is amended by replacing
subsection (e) of such Section in its entirety with the
following: 

(e)
 Maximum Consolidated
Corporate Overhead . Holdings shall not permit Consolidated
Corporate Overhead to exceed (x) $2,100,000 in any period of twelve
consecutive fiscal months ending on or prior to December 31, 2017
and (y) $1,350,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal
months ending after December 31, 2017. 

2 

3.           Section
6.8 of the Credit Agreement is further amended by replacing
subsection (d) of such Section in its entirety with the
following: 

(d)              

   Maximum Consolidated
Growth Capital Expenditures  .
Holdings shall not, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to, make
or incur Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures, in any Fiscal
Year indicated below, in an aggregate amount for Holdings and its
Subsidiaries in excess of the corresponding amount set forth below
opposite such Fiscal Year; provided, such amount for any Fiscal
Year shall be increased by an amount equal to the excess, if any,
(but in no event more than 50% of the aggregate amount for such
Fiscal Year) of such amount for the previous Fiscal Year (as
adjusted in accordance with this proviso) over the actual amount of
Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures for such previous Fiscal
Year; provided further, that for the Fiscal Year ending December
31, 2015, Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures shall be
measured only for the period from the Closing Date through December
31, 2015:  

B.  LIMITED WAIVER 

The
Lenders hereby waive the Events of Default that have occurred and
are continuing 

(a)     under  Section 8.1(c)  of the Credit
Agreement due to Holdings permitting the Leverage Ratio, as of the
last day of the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2016, to be
greater than 5.25:1.00; 

(b)           under
 Section 8.1(c)  of
the Credit Agreement due to the failure of Holdings to have
Consolidated Corporate Overhead less than or equal to $1,350,000 in
the twelve consecutive fiscal months ending September 30, 2016, as
required by Section 6.8(e) of the Credit Agreement;
and 

(c)           under
 Section 8.1(c)  of
the Credit Agreement due to Holdings permitting Consolidated Growth
Capital Expenditures, as of September 30, 2016, to exceed the level
permitted under Section 6.8(d) of the Credit
Agreement. 

The
waivers set forth in this Section B are limited to the specified
Events of Default set forth herein and nothing herein, nor any
communications among Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Credit
Party shall be deemed a waiver with respect to any other Default or
Event of Default, or any future failure of any Credit Party to
comply fully with any provision of the Credit Agreement or any
provision of any other Credit Document (including, but not limited
to, any possible future Default or Event of Default of which the
Administrative Agent or any Lender may have been
advised). 

3 

C.  CONSENT 

Notwithstanding the
failure of the Credit Parties to satisfy the requirements of
 Section 3.2(a)(v) 
and  Section
3.2(a)(vi)  of the Credit Agreement due to the failure of the
Credit Parties to be in pro forma compliance with the Leverage
Ratio, the Administrative Agent and Lenders signatory hereto
consent to the disbursement of a Revolving Loan in the amount of
$1,045,000, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the
Credit Agreement, pursuant to that certain Funding Notice dated as
of the date hereof and delivered Administrative Agent. 

D.  CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 

Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Amendment and without affecting in any
manner the rights of the Lenders hereunder, it is understood and
agreed that this Amendment shall not become effective, the Credit
Parties shall have no rights under this Amendment, until
Administrative Agent shall have received each of the
following: 

(i)      reimbursement
or payment of its costs and expenses incurred in connection with
this Amendment or the Credit Agreement (including reasonable fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel to Administrative Agent) to
the extent invoiced prior to the date hereof; and 

(ii)        executed counterparts to this
Amendment from each Company, each other Credit Party, and each of
the Lenders. 

E.
 REPRESENTATIONS  

To
induce the Lenders and Administrative Agent to enter into this
Amendment, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants to the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent that: 

1.           The
execution, delivery and performance by such Credit Party of this
Amendment (a) are within each Credit Party s corporate
or limited liability company power; (b) have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company
and/or shareholder action, as applicable; (c) are not in
contravention of any provision of any Credit Party s
certificate of incorporation or formation, or bylaws or other
organizational documents; (d) do not violate any law or
regulation, or any order or decree of any Governmental Authority;
(e) do not conflict with or result in the breach or
termination of, constitute a default under or accelerate any
performance required by, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
lease, agreement or other instrument to which any Credit Party or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any Credit Party or
any such Subsidiary or any of their respective property is bound;
(f) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon
any of the property of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries;
and (g) do not require the consent or approval of any
Governmental Authority or any other person; 

4 

2.           This
Amendment has been duly executed and delivered for the benefit of
or on behalf of each Credit Party and constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of each Credit Party, enforceable against
such Credit Party in accordance with its terms except as the
enforceability hereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting
creditors  rights and remedies in general; and 

3.           After
giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties
contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents
are true and correct in all material respects, and no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date
hereof. 

F.
 OTHER
AGREEMENTS  

1.      Continuing Effectiveness of Credit
Documents . As amended hereby, all terms of the Credit
Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be and remain in
full force and effect and shall constitute the legal, valid,
binding and enforceable obligations of the Credit Parties party
thereto and each Credit Party reaffirms and ratifies all terms of
the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and other Credit
Documents. To the extent any terms and conditions in any of the
other Credit Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any
terms or conditions of the Credit Agreement, after giving effect to
this Amendment, such terms and conditions are hereby deemed
modified and amended accordingly to reflect the terms and
conditions of the Credit Agreement as modified and amended hereby.
Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment such terms and conditions
are hereby deemed modified and amended accordingly to reflect the
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as modified and
amended hereby. 

2.      Reaffirmation of Guaranty . Each
Guarantor consents to the execution and delivery by the Companies
of this Amendment and the consummation of the transactions
described herein, and ratifies and confirms the terms of the
Guaranty to which such Guarantor is a party with respect to the
indebtedness now or hereafter outstanding under the Credit
Agreement as amended hereby and all promissory notes issued
thereunder. Each Guarantor acknowledges that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other document
evidencing any indebtedness of any Company to the Lenders or any
other obligation of any Company, or any actions now or hereafter
taken by the Lenders with respect to any obligation of any Company,
the Guaranty to which such Guarantor is a party (i) is and shall
continue to be a primary obligation of such Guarantor, (ii) is and
shall continue to be an absolute, unconditional, continuing and
irrevocable guaranty of payment, and (iii) is and shall continue to
be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Nothing
contained herein to the contrary shall release, discharge, modify,
change or affect the original liability of any Guarantor under the
Guaranty to which such Guarantor is a party. 

3.      Acknowledgment of Perfection of
Security Interest . Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges
that, as of the date hereof, the security interests and liens
granted to Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit
Agreement and the other Credit Documents are in full force and
effect, are properly perfected to the extent required under the
Collateral Documents and are enforceable in accordance with the
terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit
Documents. 

5 

4.      Effect of Agreement . Except as
set forth expressly herein, all terms of the Credit Agreement, as
amended hereby, and the other Credit Documents shall be and remain
in full force and effect and shall constitute the legal, valid,
binding and enforceable obligations of the Credit Parties to the
Lenders and Administrative Agent. Except as expressly provided
herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment
shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the
Lenders under the Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any
provision of the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute
a Credit Document for all purposes of the Credit
Agreement. 

5.      Governing Law . This Amendment
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
internal laws of the State of New York and all applicable federal
laws of the United States of America. 

6.      No Novation  .  This Amendment is not intended by the
parties to be, and shall not be construed to be, a novation of the
Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents or an accord and
satisfaction in regard thereto. 

7.      Costs and Expenses . The
Companies agree to pay on demand all costs and expenses of
Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution
and delivery of this Amendment, including, without limitation, the
reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of outside counsel for
Administrative Agent with respect thereto. 

8.      Counterparts . This Amendment
may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number
of separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and all of which, taken together, shall be deemed to constitute one
and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of
this Amendment by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission
(including delivery of an executed counterpart in .pdf format)
shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart hereof. 

9.      Binding Nature . This Amendment
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto, their respective successors, successors-in-titles, and
assigns. No third party beneficiaries are intended in connection
with this Amendment. 

10.      Entire Understanding . This
Amendment sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with
respect to the matters set forth herein, and shall supersede any
prior negotiations or agreements, whether written or oral, with
respect thereto. 

11.      Release.  Each Credit Party
hereby releases, acquits, and forever discharges Administrative
Agent and each of the Lenders, and each and every past and present
subsidiary, affiliate, stockholder, officer, director, agent,
servant, employee, representative, and attorney of Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, from any and all claims, causes of action,
suits, debts, liens, obligations, liabilities, demands, losses,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) of any
kind, character, or nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or
contingent, which such Credit Party may have or claim to have now
or which may hereafter arise out of or connected with any act of
commission or omission of Administrative Agent or the Lenders
existing or occurring prior to the date of this Amendment or any
instrument executed prior to the date of this Amendment including,
without limitation, any claims, liabilities or obligations arising
with respect to the Credit Agreement or the other of the Credit
Documents, other than claims, liabilities or obligations caused by
Administrative Agent s or any Lender s own gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be binding upon each Credit Party and shall inure to the
benefit of Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and their respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors and
assigns. 

[remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the
date first written above. 

HERE
TO SERVE   MISSOURI WASTE DIVISION, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

MERIDIAN
WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC., as Holdings 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Chief Executive Officer 

HERE
TO SERVE   GEORGIA WASTE DIVISION, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

BROOKLYN
CHEESECAKE   DESSERT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
President 

MERIDIAN
LAND COMPANY, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

CHRISTIAN
DISPOSAL, LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

FWCD,
LLC 

By:  /s/ Jeffrey
Cosman                                                             

Name:
Jeffrey Cosman 

Title:
Manager 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty
Agreement] 

  7 

GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP,
LP,  as Administrative Agent 

By:  /s/ Stephen
Hipp                                        

Name:
Stephen Hipp 

Title:
Senior Vice President 

GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING HOLDINGS,
INC.,  as a Lender 

By:  /s/ Stephen
Hipp                                        

Name:
Stephen Hipp 

Title:
Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty
Agreement] 

  8 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 mrdn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mrdn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mrdn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mrdn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mrdn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mrdn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

