<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1656239_0001656239-16-000034_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10847873</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>702159</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>508527</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3720138</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4215780</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1473284</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001656239-16-000034.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114151903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001656239-16-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001656239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				474668380
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37666
		FILM NUMBER:		161994179

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3980 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-541-7777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3980 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PNK Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001656239-16-000034.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 pnk9301610q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 001-37666 
  ____________________________ 
  PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    47-4668380 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3980 Howard Hughes Parkway 
  Las Vegas, NV 89169 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  (702) 541-7777 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES   x   NO   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES   x   NO   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer   x 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES   o   NO   x 
    
  As of the close of business on   November 9, 2016  , the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock was   55,657,112  . 

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS                  PART I  
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    5 
       Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016  
    6 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    7 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    30 
       Executive Summary  
    30 
       Results of Operations  
    32 
       Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    40 
       Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments  
    44 
       Critical Accounting Estimates  
    44 
       Forward-Looking Statements  
    45 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    48 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    49 

PART II  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    50 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    50 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    52 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    53 

Signature Page  
    55 

Exhibit 2.3  
      
       Exhibit 2.4  
      
       Exhibit 11  
      
       Exhibit 31.1  
       Exhibit 31.2  
       Exhibit 32  
      EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
      EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
      EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
      EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
      EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
      EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
  Item 1.     Financial Statements 
   
  PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (amounts in thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands)   

See accompanying notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  (UNAUDITED) 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Organization:    Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. is an owner, operator and developer of casinos and related hospitality and entertainment businesses. References in these footnotes to  Pinnacle,  the  Company,   we,   our  or  us  refer to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries, except where stated or the context otherwise indicates. References to  Former Pinnacle  refer to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. prior to the Spin-Off and Merger   (as such terms are defined below). 
    
  We own and operate   16     gaming entertainment businesses, located in Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania. We also hold a majority interest in the racing license owner, and we are a party to a management contract, for Retama Park Racetrack located outside of San Antonio, Texas. In addition to these properties, we own and operate a live and televised poker tournament series under the trade name Heartland Poker Tour   ( HPT ). We view each of our operating properties as an operating segment with the exception of our   two   properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which we view as   one   operating segment. For financial reporting purposes, we aggregate our operating segments into the following reportable segments: 
                 Midwest segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Council Bluffs  
    Council Bluffs, Iowa 
      Ameristar East Chicago  
    East Chicago, Indiana 
      Ameristar Kansas City  
    Kansas City, Missouri 
      Ameristar St. Charles  
    St. Charles, Missouri 
      Belterra  
    Florence, Indiana 
      Belterra Park 
    Cincinnati, Ohio 
      Meadows (1) 
    Washington, Pennsylvania 
      River City  
    St. Louis, Missouri 

South segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Vicksburg  
    Vicksburg, Mississippi 
      Boomtown Bossier City 
    Bossier City, Louisiana 
      Boomtown New Orleans 
    New Orleans, Louisiana 
      L Auberge Baton Rouge 
    Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
      L Auberge Lake Charles 
    Lake Charles, Louisiana 

West segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Black Hawk  
    Black Hawk, Colorado 
      Cactus Petes and Horseshu 
    Jackpot, Nevada 

(1)  
    The Meadows Racetrack and Casino (the  Meadows ) was acquired on September 9, 2016 as discussed below.    
       
  On April 28, 2016, Former Pinnacle completed the transactions under the terms of a definitive agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) with Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. ( GLPI ), a real estate investment trust. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Former Pinnacle separated its operating assets and liabilities (and its Belterra Park property and excess land at certain locations) into the Company and distributed to its stockholders, on a pro rata basis, all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (such distribution referred to as the  Spin-Off ). As a result, Former Pinnacle stockholders received   one   share of the Company s common stock, with a par value of   $0.01   per share, for each share of Former Pinnacle common stock that they owned. Gold Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of GLPI ( Merger Sub ), then merged with and into Former Pinnacle (the  Merger ), with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of GLPI. Following the Merger, the Company was renamed Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., and operates its gaming businesses under a triple-net master lease agreement for the facilities acquired by GLPI (the  Master Lease ). For more information regarding the Spin-Off and Merger, see Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease.  
    
  Former Pinnacle s historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto have been determined to represent the Company s historical consolidated financial statements based on the conclusion that, for accounting purposes, the Spin-Off should be evaluated as the reverse of its legal form under the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification  
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

( ASC ) Subtopic 505-60,   Spinoffs and Reverse Spinoffs  , resulting in the Company being considered the accounting spinnor. In addition, the Master Lease of the gaming facilities acquired by GLPI does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting pursuant to ASC Topic 840,   Leases  . Therefore, the Master Lease has been accounted for as a financing obligation and the gaming facilities remain on the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  On September 9, 2016, we closed on a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with GLP Capital, L.P. ( GLPC ), a subsidiary of GLPI, pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania for base consideration of   $138.0 million  , subject to certain adjustments. As of September 30, 2016, the purchase price, after giving effect to estimated adjustments, for the Meadows business was   $136.4 million  . As a result of the transaction, we own and operate the Meadows  gaming entertainment and harness racing business subject to a triple-net lease of its underlying real property with GLPI (the  Meadows Lease ). See Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease  and Note 8,  Investment and Acquisition Activities.  
    
  Basis of Presentation:    The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all information and notes necessary for complete financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). The results for the periods indicated are unaudited, but reflect all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, that management considers necessary for a fair presentation of operating results. The results of operations for interim periods are not indicative of a full year of operations. These unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in our Information Statement included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation:    The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Investments in the common stock of unconsolidated affiliates in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.   
    
  Use of Estimates:    The preparation of unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates used by us include, among other things, the estimated useful lives for depreciable and amortizable assets, the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, estimated income tax provisions, the evaluation of the future realization of deferred tax assets, determining the adequacy of reserves for self-insured liabilities and our customer loyalty programs, the initial measurement of the financing obligation associated with the Master Lease, estimated cash flows in assessing the recoverability of long-lived assets, asset impairments, goodwill and other intangible assets, contingencies and litigation, and estimates of the forfeiture rate and expected life of share-based awards and stock price volatility when computing share-based compensation expense. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
    
  Fair Value:    Fair value measurements affect our accounting and impairment assessments of our long-lived assets, investments in unconsolidated affiliates, assets acquired in an acquisition, goodwill, and other intangible assets. Fair value measurements also affect our accounting for certain financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and is measured according to a hierarchy that includes:  Level 1  inputs, such as quoted prices in an active market for identical assets or liabilities;  Level 2  inputs, which are observable inputs for similar assets; or  Level 3  inputs, which are unobservable inputs. 

9 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level for certain liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:  

The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level for certain financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for which it is practicable to estimate fair value: 

The estimated fair values for certain of our long-term held-to-maturity securities and our long-term promissory notes were based on Level 2 inputs using observable market data for comparable instruments in establishing prices. 
    
  The estimated fair values for certain of our long-term held-to-maturity securities were based on Level 3 inputs using a present value of future cash flow valuation technique that relies on management assumptions and qualitative observations. Key significant unobservable inputs in this technique include discount rate risk premiums and probability-weighted cash flow scenarios. 
    
  The estimated fair values of our long-term debt, which include the fair values of our senior notes, senior subordinated notes, and/or senior secured credit facilities, were based on Level 2 inputs of observable market data on comparable debt instruments on or about   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , as applicable. 
    
  The fair values of our short-term financial instruments approximate the carrying amounts due to their short-term nature. 
    
  Land, Buildings, Vessels and Equipment:    Land, buildings, vessels and equipment are stated at cost. We capitalize the costs of improvements that extend the life of the asset. We expense repair and maintenance costs as incurred. Gains or losses on the disposition of land, buildings, vessels and equipment are included in the determination of income. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

We review the carrying amounts of our land, buildings, vessels and equipment used in our operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. If the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying amount, no impairment is indicated. If the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount, then an impairment charge is recorded based on the fair value of the asset. 
    
  Development costs directly associated with the acquisition, development, and construction of a project are capitalized as a cost of the project during the periods in which activities necessary to get the property ready for its intended use are in progress. The costs incurred for development projects are carried at cost. Interest costs associated with development projects are capitalized as part of the cost of the constructed asset. When no debt is incurred specifically for a project, interest is capitalized on amounts expended for the project using our weighted-average cost of borrowing. Capitalization of interest ceases when the project, or discernible portion of the project, is substantially complete. If substantially all of the construction activities of a project are suspended, capitalization of interest will cease until such activities are resumed. 
    
  As a result of the Spin-Off and Merger transactions, substantially all of the real estate assets used in the Company's operations are subject to the Master Lease and owned by GLPI. See Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease.  
    
  The following table presents a summary of our land, buildings, vessels and equipment, including those subject to the Master Lease: 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets:    Goodwill consists of the excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired in business combinations. Indefinite-lived intangible assets include gaming licenses and trade names for which it is reasonably assured that we will continue to renew indefinitely. Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to an annual assessment for impairment during the fourth quarter (October 1 test date), or more frequently if there are indications of possible impairment. Amortizing intangible assets include player relationships and favorable leasehold interests. We review amortizing intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
    
  As a result of the acquisition of the Meadows during the third quarter of 2016, we recorded, on a preliminary basis, goodwill equal to the excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Also, on a preliminary basis, we recorded other intangible assets associated with the Meadows business. See Note 8,  Investment and Acquisition Activities.  Additionally, as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, we tested our reporting unit goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, which resulted in non-cash impairment charges. For more information, see Note 7,  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.  
    
  Customer Loyalty Programs:    We offer incentives to our customers through our my  choice   customer loyalty program. Under the my  choice   customer loyalty program, customers earn points based on their level of play that may be redeemed for various benefits, such as cash back, dining, or hotel stays, among others. The reward credit balance under the plan will be forfeited if the customer does not earn or use any reward credits over the prior six-month period. In addition, based on their level of play, customers can earn additional benefits without redeeming points, such as a car lease, among other items. We have not yet integrated Meadows into this program. 
  
   11 

Table of Contents  

We accrue a liability for the estimated cost of providing these benefits as the benefits are earned. Estimates and assumptions are made regarding cost of providing the benefits, breakage rates, and the combination of goods and services customers will choose. We use historical data to assist in the determination of estimated accruals. Changes in estimates or customer redemption patterns could produce different results. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had accrued   $22.9 million   and   $25.4 million  , respectively, for the estimated cost of providing these benefits, which are included in  Other accrued liabilities  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Revenue Recognition:    Gaming revenues consist of the net win from gaming activities, which is the difference between amounts wagered and amounts paid to winning patrons. Cash discounts and other cash incentives to customers related to gaming play are recorded as a reduction to gaming revenue. Food and beverage, lodging, retail, entertainment, and other operating revenues are recognized as products are delivered or services are performed. Advance deposits on lodging are recorded as accrued liabilities until services are provided to the customer. 
    
  The retail value of food and beverage, lodging and other services furnished to guests on a complimentary basis is included in revenues and then deducted as promotional allowances in calculating total revenues. The estimated cost of providing such promotional allowances is primarily included in gaming expenses. Complimentary revenues that have been excluded from the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations were as follows: 

The costs to provide such complimentary benefits were as follows: 

Gaming Taxes:    We are subject to taxes based on gross gaming revenues in the jurisdictions in which we operate, subject to applicable jurisdictional adjustments. These gaming taxes are an assessment on our gaming revenues and are recorded as a gaming expense in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These taxes were as follows: 

12 

Table of Contents  

Pre-opening, Development and Other Costs:    Pre-opening, development and other costs consist of payroll costs to hire, employ and train the workforce prior to opening an operating facility; marketing campaigns prior to and in connection with the opening; legal and professional fees related to the project but not otherwise attributable to depreciable assets; and lease payments, real estate taxes, and other general and administrative costs prior to the opening of an operating facility. In addition, pre-opening, development and other costs include acquisition and restructuring costs. Pre-opening, development and other costs are expensed as incurred. Pre-opening, development and other costs consist of the following: 

(1) 
    Amounts comprised of costs associated with the Spin-Off and Merger. See Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease.  
              (2) 
    Amounts comprised principally of legal, advisory and other costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the Meadows. See Note 8,  Investment and Acquisition Activities.  
       
  Earnings Per Share:    The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) is based on net income (loss) attributable to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. divided by the basic weighted average number of common shares and diluted weighted average number of common shares, respectively. Diluted EPS reflects the addition of potentially dilutive securities, which includes in-the-money share-based awards. We calculate the effect of dilutive securities using the treasury stock method. A total of   2.2 million  ,   1.7 million  ,   0.1 million  , and   0.2 million   out-of-the-money share-based awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively, because including them would have been anti-dilutive. 
    
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded a net loss from continuing operations. Accordingly, the potential dilution from the assumed exercise of stock options is anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted EPS is equal to basic EPS for such periods. Share-based awards that could potentially dilute basic EPS in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS were   3.0 million   and   2.8 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.  
    
  Treasury Stock:    In May 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to   $50.0 million   of our common stock, which we completed in July 2016. In August 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to   $50.0 million   of our common stock. The cost of the shares acquired is treated as a reduction to stockholders  equity. During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   3.3 million   shares and   5.5 million   shares, respectively, of common stock and reduced stockholders  equity by   $36.6 million   and   $61.3 million  , respectively, under both programs. As of November 9, 2016, under the current share repurchase program, we have repurchased   1.7 million   shares of our common stock for   $20.1 million  . 
    
  Reclassifications:    The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect certain reclassifications to prior year amounts to conform to classification in the current period. These reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported net income. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:    In May 2014, as part of its ongoing efforts to assist in the convergence of GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which is a new standard related to revenue recognition. Under the new standard, recognition of revenue occurs when a customer obtains control of promised services or goods in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. The standard must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the implementation of this new standard to be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations  , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , and in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,   which amend certain aspects of the new revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. The Company currently anticipates adopting this accounting standard during the first quarter of 2018 using the full retrospective approach. However, we are still evaluating the impact on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Recognition and Measurement of Leases  . Under the new guidance, for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases), at the commencement date, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis, and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Further, the new lease guidance simplifies the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and liabilities, which no longer provides a source for off balance sheet financing. The effective date for this update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company currently anticipates adopting this accounting standard during the first quarter of 2019. However, we are still evaluating the impact on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Accounting for Credit Losses  , which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. This update adds an impairment model (known as the current expected credit losses model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes, as an allowance, its estimate of expected credit losses. The effective date for this update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which amends the current accounting standard to add or clarify guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flow in order to reduce the diversity in practice of certain types of cash flows where consistent principles previously did not exist. The effective date for this update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The update must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented unless impracticable. The Company currently anticipates adopting this accounting standard during the first quarter of 2018. However, we are still evaluating the impact on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  A variety of proposed or otherwise potential accounting standards are currently under review and study by standard-setting organizations and certain regulatory agencies. Given the tentative and preliminary nature of such proposed standards, we have not yet determined the effect, if any, that the implementation of any such proposed or revised standards would have on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Note 2 Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease 
  Overview of the Spin-Off and Merger:    On April 28, 2016, Former Pinnacle completed the transactions under the terms of the Merger Agreement with GLPI. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Former Pinnacle separated its operating assets and liabilities (and its Belterra Park property and excess land at certain locations) into the Company (newly formed subsidiary) and distributed to its stockholders, on a pro rata basis, all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. As a result, Former Pinnacle stockholders received   one   share of the Company's common stock, with a par value of   $0.01   per share, for each share of Former Pinnacle common stock that they owned. Merger Sub, then merged with and into Former Pinnacle, with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of GLPI. Following the Merger, the Company was renamed Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., and operates its gaming businesses under the Master Lease for the  
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

facilities acquired by GLPI. The Master Lease has an initial term of   10   years with   five   subsequent,   five  -year renewal periods at our option. 
  In completing the Merger, each share of common stock, par value   $0.10   per share, of Former Pinnacle (the  Former Pinnacle Common Stock ) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares of Former Pinnacle Common Stock (i) owned or held in treasury by Former Pinnacle or (ii) owned by GLPI, its subsidiaries or Merger Sub) were canceled and converted into the right to receive   0.85   shares of common stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of GLPI. 
    
  In connection with the Spin-Off and Merger, on April 28, 2016, we made a dividend to Former Pinnacle of   $808.4 million   (the  Cash Payment ), which was equal to the amount of debt outstanding as of April 28, 2016, less   $2.7 billion   that GLPI assumed pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Following the consummation of the Spin-Off and Merger, we had no outstanding obligations under the Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the   6.375%   Notes, the   7.50%   Notes, the   7.75%   Notes and the   8.75%   Notes (as such terms are defined in Note 3,  Long-Term Debt ). For further information, including a description of the Company s existing long-term debt, see Note 3,  Long-Term Debt.  
  Failed Spin-Off-Leaseback:    The Spin-Off and the subsequent leaseback of the gaming facilities under the terms of the Master Lease did not meet all of the requirements for sale-leaseback accounting treatment under ASC Topic 840,   Leases  , and therefore is accounted for as a financing obligation. Specifically, the Master Lease contains provisions that indicate prohibited forms of continuing involvement in the leased assets. 
  Master Lease Financing Obligation:    The Master Lease is accounted for as a financing obligation. The obligation was calculated at lease inception based on the future minimum lease payments due to GLPI under the Master Lease discounted at   10.5%  . The discount rate represents the estimated incremental borrowing rate over the lease term of   35   years, which included renewal options that were reasonably assured of being exercised. As of April 28, 2016, the commencement date of the Master Lease, the financing obligation was determined to be   $3.2 billion  . 
  Fourteen   of our   sixteen   gaming facilities are subject to the Master Lease with GLPI. Under the Master Lease, the initial annual aggregate lease payable is   $377 million   and rent is payable in monthly installments. The rent is comprised of base rent, which includes a land and a building component, and percentage rent. In the first year of the lease, the land base rent, the building base rent, and the percentage rent are   $44 million  ,   $289 million  , and   $44 million  , respectively. 
  The land base rent is fixed for the entire lease term. Beginning in the second year of the lease, the building base rent is subject to an annual escalation of up to   2%  , depending on the Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the Master Lease) of   1.8  :1. The percentage rent, which is fixed for the first   two   years, will be adjusted every   two   years to establish a new fixed amount for the next   two  -year period. Each new fixed amount will be calculated by multiplying   4%   by the difference between (i) the average net revenues for the trailing   two  -year period and (ii)   $1.1 billion  . 
  Total payments under the Master Lease, which commenced on April 28, 2016, were   $95.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $83.6 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $11.4 million   reduced the financing obligation. Total payments were   $161.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $141.9 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $19.2 million   reduced the financing obligation. 
  Meadows Lease:    The Meadows Lease provides for a   10  -year initial term, including renewal terms at our option, up to a total of   29 years  . The initial annual rent is   $25.4 million  , payable in monthly installments, and comprised of a base rent of   $14.0 million  , which is subject to certain adjustments, and an initial percentage rent of   $11.4 million  . The base rent is fixed for the first year and, beginning in the second year of the lease, subject to an annual escalation of up to   5%   for the initial   10  -year term or until the lease year in which base rent plus percentage rent is a total of   $31.0 million  , subject to certain adjustments, and up to   2%   thereafter, subject to an Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the Meadows Lease) of 1.8:1 during lease year two, 1.9:1 during lease year three and 2.0:1 during lease year four and thereafter. The percentage rent is fixed for the first two years and will be adjusted every two years to establish a new fixed amount for the next two-year period equal to   4%   of the average annual net revenues during the trailing two-year period.  
    
  The Meadows Lease is accounted for as an operating lease; thereby, rent expense is recorded on a straight-line basis using the minimum lease payments over the lease term, which has been determined to be   10 years  . 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

Note 3 Long-Term Debt 
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

In connection with the Spin-Off and Merger, on April 28, 2016, we made the Cash Payment to Former Pinnacle in the amount of   $808.4 million  , which was equal to the amount of existing debt outstanding of Former Pinnacle as of April 28, 2016, less approximately   $2.7 billion   that GLPI assumed pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Immediately prior to the consummation of the Spin-Off and Merger, the August 2013 amended and restated credit agreement ( Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) was repaid in full and terminated and the   6.375%   senior notes due 2021 ( 6.375% Notes ), the   7.50%   senior notes due 2021 ( 7.50% Notes ) and the   7.75%   senior subordinated notes due 2022 ( 7.75% Notes ) were redeemed. Former Pinnacle s indenture governing its   8.75%   senior subordinated notes due 2020 ( 8.75% Notes ) was redeemed on May 15, 2016. Following the consummation of the Spin-Off and Merger, the Company had no outstanding obligations under the Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the   6.375%   Notes, the   7.50%   Notes, the   7.75%   Notes and the   8.75%   Notes. See Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease,  for further discussion of the Spin-Off and Merger. 

16 

Table of Contents  

Senior Secured Credit Facilities:    On April 28, 2016, in connection with the Spin-Off and Merger, the Company entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders (the  Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement is comprised of (i) a   $185.0 million   term loan A facility with a maturity of   five   years (the  Term Loan A Facility ), (ii) a   $300.0 million   term loan B facility with a maturity of   seven   years (the  Term Loan B Facility ) and (iii) a   $400.0 million   revolving credit facility with a maturity of   five   years (the  Revolving Credit Facility  and together with the Term Loan A Facility and the Term Loan B Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $155.0 million   drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility and had approximately   $11.0 million   committed under various letters of credit.  
    
  Loans under the Term Loan A Facility and Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus   2.00%   or the base rate plus   1.00%   as of September 30, 2016. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, such loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus an applicable margin from   1.50%   to   2.50%   or the base rate plus an applicable margin from   0.50%   to   1.50%  , in each case, depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the most recent fiscal quarter. Loans under the Term Loan B Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus   3.00%   or the base rate plus   2.00%   and in no event will LIBOR be less than   0.75%  . In addition, we pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate that ranges from   0.30%   to   0.50%   per annum, depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recent fiscal quarter. 
    
  The Term Loan A Facility amortizes in equal quarterly amounts equal to a percentage of the original outstanding principal amount at closing as follows: (i)   5%   per annum in the first two years, (ii)   7.5%   per annum in the third year and (iii)   10%   per annum in the fourth and fifth year. The remaining principal amount is payable on April 28, 2021. The Term Loan B Facility amortizes in equal quarterly amounts equal to   1%   per annum of the original outstanding principal amount at closing. The remaining principal amount is payable on April 28, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility is not subject to amortization and is due and payable on April 28, 2021. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, certain affirmative and negative covenants and, solely for the benefit of the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, financial covenants, including a maximum permitted Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, a maximum permitted Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and a required minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control, revocation of material licenses by gaming authorities (subject to a cure period), termination of the Master Lease and cross-default to certain events of default under the Master Lease.  
    
  5.625% Senior Notes due 2024:    On April 28, 2016, we issued   $375.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 (the  Existing   5.625%   Notes ). The Existing   5.625%   Notes were issued at par, mature on May 1, 2024, and bear interest at the rate of   5.625%   per annum. Interest on the Existing   5.625%   Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1st and November 1st of each year, commencing November 1, 2016. 
    
  On April 28, 2016, the proceeds of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, together with the proceeds from the Existing   5.625%   Notes were used (i) to make the Cash Payment and (ii) to pay fees and expenses related to the issuance of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Existing   5.625%   Notes. 
    
  On October 12, 2016, we issued an additional   $125.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 (the  Additional   5.625%   Notes  and together with the Existing   5.625%   Notes, the    5.625%   Notes ), which are under the indenture governing the Existing   5.625%   Notes issued on April 28, 2016, as amended and supplemented by that certain first supplemental indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016. The Additional   5.625%   Notes were issued at par plus a premium of   50   basis points. We financed the purchase of the Meadows with our Revolving Credit Facility and the net proceeds from the issuance of the Additional   5.625%   Notes were used to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  Loss on early extinguishment of debt:    During the second quarter of 2016, we recorded a   $5.2 million   loss related to the repayment, in full, of the Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The loss included the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issuance discount. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Interest expense, net,   was as follows: 

(3) 
    Represents a one-time expense associated with the GLPI transaction. 

Note 4 Income Taxes 
    
  Our effective tax rate for continuing operations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , was   117.7%  , or an expense of   $3.5 million  , and   5.6%   or a benefit of   $26.5 million  , respectively, as compared to an effective tax rate of   15.2%  , or an expense of   $2.4 million  , and   18.4%   or an expense of   $12.7 million  , respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The rate includes the tax impact of certain discrete items including changes of tax status of certain of our legal entities. Our tax rate differs from the statutory rate of   35.0%   due to the effects of permanent items, deferred tax expense on tax amortization of indefinite-lived intangible assets, state taxes, legal entity status changes, and a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits. 
    
  The Spin-Off described in Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  was a taxable transaction. A gain was recognized for tax purposes and the tax bases of the operating assets were stepped up to fair market value at the time of the transaction. Pursuant to ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , the tax impact directly related to the transaction amongst shareholders was recorded to equity, consistent with the overall accounting treatment of the transaction. All changes in tax bases of assets and liabilities caused by the transactions were recorded to additional paid-in capital. 
    
  As previously noted, the failed sale-leaseback is accounted for as a financial obligation. As a result, the gaming facilities are presented on the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and the financing obligation is recognized and amortized over the lease term. For federal and state income tax purposes, the Spin-Off and the subsequent leaseback of the gaming facilities is an operating lease. As such, the Company recognizes no tax bases in the leased gaming facilities, which creates basis differences that give rise to deferred taxes under ASC 740,   Income Taxes  . 

Note 5 Employee Benefit Plans 
  Share-based Compensation:    As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   9.8 million   share-based awards outstanding, including stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units, and restricted stock, which are detailed below. Our 2016 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan has approximately   5.9 million   share-based awards available for grant as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  As a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, each outstanding vested and non-vested share-based award granted by Former Pinnacle on or prior to July 16, 2015 ( Pre-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards ) were converted into a combination of (1) corresponding share-based awards of the Company, which will continue to vest on the same schedule as Pre-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards based on service with the Company and (2) adjusted Pre-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards, which immediately became fully-vested and settled in shares of GLPI common stock as a result of the Merger. The conversion of the Pre-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards, which included adjustments for exercise prices of stock options, were based on the relative common share value of the Company and Former Pinnacle immediately prior to the Spin-Off and Merger in order to preserve the same intrinsic value. As such, no significant incremental share-based compensation expense was or will be  
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

recorded as a result of this conversion. However, share-based compensation expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   includes   $22.6 million   of incremental expense attributable to the accelerated vesting of adjusted Pre-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards, which were settled in shares of GLPI common stock. 
    
  Each of the outstanding share-based awards granted by Former Pinnacle after July 16, 2015 ( Post-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards ) were converted into share-based awards of the Company ( Post-July 2015 Company Awards ). The conversion to Post-July 2015 Company Awards included adjustments to the exercise prices for stock options and to the number of shares subject to share-based awards in order to preserve the same intrinsic value at the time of the Spin-Off and Merger. As such, no significant incremental share-based compensation expense was or will be recorded as a result of this conversion. The Post-July 2015 Company Awards will continue to vest on the same schedule as the Post-July 2015 Former Pinnacle Awards based on service with the Company. 
  We recorded share-based compensation expense as follows: 

Stock options:    The following table summarizes information related to our common stock options: 

The unamortized compensation costs not yet expensed related to stock options totaled approximately   $7.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The weighted average period over which the costs are expected to be recognized is approximately   2   years. The aggregate amount of cash we received from the exercise of stock options was   $0.6 million   and   $8.9 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 2015, respectively. The associated shares were newly issued common stock. The following information is provided for our stock options: 

19 

Table of Contents  

Restricted Stock Units:      The following table summarizes information related to our restricted stock units: 

The unamortized compensation costs not yet expensed related to non-vested restricted stock units totaled approximately   $17.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The weighted average period over which the costs are expected to be recognized is approximately   1   year. 
    
  Performance Stock Units:      The following table summarizes information related to our performance stock units: 

Restricted Stock:      During the second quarter of 2016, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock awards, subject to certain market vesting conditions. The grant-date fair value of the awards was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation. The following table summarizes information related to our restricted stock: 

20 

Table of Contents  

Note 6 Write-downs, Reserves and Recoveries, Net 
    
  Write-downs, reserves and recoveries, net consist of the following: 

Loss (gain) on disposals of long-lived assets, net:    During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded net losses of   $6.2 million  ,   $13.1 million  ,   $0.5 million  , and   $1.7 million  , respectively, related primarily to disposals of furniture, fixtures and equipment at our properties in the normal course of business. Additionally, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a gain on the sale of land in Springfield, Massachusetts of   $8.4 million  . 
    
  Impairment of long-lived assets:    During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded non-cash impairments on slot and other equipment at our properties. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , in order to reduce the carrying amount of our land in Central City, Colorado to its estimated fair value less cost to sell, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of   $0.4 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively. 

Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  On September 9, 2016, we closed on a purchase agreement with GLPC pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania. As a result of the acquisition, which is discussed in further detail in Note 8,  Investment and Acquisition Activities,  we recorded   $18.3 million   to goodwill and   $57.2 million   and   $15.0 million   to gaming licenses and trade names, respectively. The goodwill was allocated to our Midwest segment.  
  The Spin-Off and Merger transactions, which closed on April 28, 2016, represented a significant financial restructuring event that increased our cash flow obligations in connection with the Master Lease, which we concluded represented an indicator that impairment may exist on our goodwill and other intangible assets. Consequently, we performed a preliminary impairment assessment on goodwill and completed impairment assessments on gaming licenses and trade names. As a result of these impairment assessments, during the second quarter of 2016, we recognized non-cash impairments to goodwill, gaming licenses and trade names totaling   $332.9 million  ,   $68.5 million   and   $61.0 million  , respectively. The non-cash impairment to goodwill represented our best estimate based on the analysis that had been performed as of the date of the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, we completed our impairment assessment on goodwill, which resulted in the reversal of   $11.6 million   of non-cash impairment to goodwill. Consequently, the non-cash impairment to goodwill recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger transactions totaled   $321.3 million  . 
  The goodwill impairments pertained to our Midwest, South and West segments, in the amounts of   $124.5 million  ,   $157.7 million   and   $39.1 million  , respectively. The gaming license impairments pertained to our Midwest segment and the trade name impairments related to our Midwest, South and West segments, in the amounts of   $35.3 million  ,   $22.2 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively. 
  The estimated fair values of the reporting units, gaming licenses and trade names were determined by using discounted cash flow models, which utilized Level 3 inputs. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements of other indefinite-lived intangible assets as of the valuation date: 

The following table presents a summary of fair value measurements by level for the goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

During the third quarter of   2015  , we determined that there was an indication of impairment on the intangible assets of HPT due to its operating performance. As a result, we recognized non-cash impairments on its goodwill, trade name, and player relationships, of   $1.4 million  ,   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The estimated fair values of the reporting unit, trade name and player relationships were determined by using discounted cash flow models, which utilized Level 3 inputs. 
  Additionally, during the second quarter of   2015  , we determined that there was an indication of impairment on the intangible assets of Pinnacle Retama Partners, LLC ( PRP ), due to the lack of legislative progress and on-going negative operating results at Retama Park Racetrack. As a result, during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recognized non-cash impairments of the goodwill of PRP and the Retama Park Racetrack license of   $3.3 million   and   $5.0 million  , respectively, which fully impaired these intangible assets. The estimated fair values of the reporting unit and the license were determined by using probability-weighted discounted cash flow models, which utilized Level 3 inputs. 
  The non-cash impairment charges to goodwill discussed above are included in  Impairment of goodwill  and the non-cash impairment charges to trade names, gaming licenses and player relationships, discussed above are included in  Impairment of other intangible assets  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth changes in the carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets: 

23 

Table of Contents  

Note 8 Investment and Acquisition Activities 
    
  Acquisition of the Meadows Business:    On September 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase agreement with GLPC pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania for base consideration of   $138.0 million  , subject to certain adjustments. As of September 30, 2016, the purchase price, after giving effect to estimated adjustments, for the Meadows business was   $136.4 million  , of which,   $131.9 million   has been paid and   $4.5 million   has been accrued, relating primarily to a final working capital adjustment. As a result of the transaction, we own and operate the Meadows  gaming entertainment and harness racing business subject to the Meadows Lease, which is discussed in Note 2,  Spin-Off, Merger, Master Lease Financing Obligation and Meadows Lease.  The Company believes that this acquisition provides additional economies of scale, further geographical diversification and will provide long-term growth for our stockholders. 
    
  We are required to allocate the purchase price to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill, of which   $7.6 million   is deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill recognized is primarily the result of expected cash flows of the Meadows business, including anticipated synergies. The determination of the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities requires significant judgment. Due to the recent acquisition date of the Meadows, management has not yet finalized its valuation analysis, and is in the process of evaluating key assumptions that derive the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the income tax balances. Therefore, the allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and subject to change. 
    
  The following table reflects the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the excess recorded as goodwill (in thousands). The goodwill has been assigned to our Midwest segment. 

The following table summarizes the acquired property and equipment. These values are preliminary and may change as the purchase price allocation is finalized. 
                       
    As Recorded at Fair Value 
        
    (in thousands) 
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
    39,290 
      
      Construction in progress 
    25 
      
      Total property and equipment acquired 
    $ 
    39,315 

The following table summarizes the acquired intangible assets other than goodwill. These values are preliminary and may change as the purchase price allocation is finalized. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

The following table includes the financial results for Meadows since the acquisition date which is included in our unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statement of Operations: 

The following table includes unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information assuming our acquisition of the Meadows had occurred as of January 1, 2015. The pro forma financial information does not necessarily represent the results that may occur in the future. The pro forma amounts include the historical operating results of Pinnacle and Meadows prior to the acquisition, with adjustments directly attributable to the acquisition. The pro forma results include increases to depreciation expense based on the preliminary fair values of the fixed assets acquired in the amounts of   $3.6 million  ,   $13.2 million  ,   $4.8 million   and   $14.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and increases to interest expense relating to the additional borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility to finance the acquisition in the amounts of   $1.0 million  ,   $2.9 million  ,   $1.0 million   and   $2.9 million  , for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The pro forma results also include rent expense relating to the Meadows Lease as if the lease had been in effect as of January 1, 2015 in the amounts of   $3.1 million  ,   $11.3 million  ,   $4.1 million   and   $12.2 million  , for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Lastly, the pro forma results also reflect adjustments for acquisition costs and tax expense assuming Meadows was part of the Company for the full pro forma periods presented. 

Retama Park Racetrack:    We hold   75.5%   of the equity of PRP and consolidate the accounts of PRP in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. As of   September 30, 2016  , PRP held   $15.6 million   in promissory notes issued by Retama Development Corporation ( RDC ), a local government corporation of the City of Selma, Texas, and   $11.3 million   in local government corporation bonds issued by RDC, at amortized cost. The promissory notes and local government corporation bonds, which are included in  Other assets, net  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, have long-term contractual maturities and are collateralized by the assets of the Retama Park Racetrack. The contractual terms of the promissory notes include interest payments due at maturity; however, we have not recorded accrued interest because uncertainty exists as to RDC s ability to make the interest payments. We have the positive intent and ability to hold the local government corporation bonds to maturity and until the amortized cost basis is recovered. 
    
  Equity Method Investment:    We have invested in a land re-vitalization project in downtown St. Louis, which is accounted for under the equity method and included in  Other assets, net  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , our proportional share of the investment's losses totaled   $0.1 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying amount of this investment was   $1.6 million   and   $1.7 million  , respectively. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Note 9 Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale 
    
  Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. The results of operations of a component or group of components that has either been disposed of or is classified as held for sale is included in discontinued operations when certain criteria are met. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , income before income taxes reported in discontinued operations was   $0.4 million   and   $5.2 million  , respectively, and was   $0.4 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The fair value of the assets to be sold was determined using a market approach using Level 2 inputs, as defined in Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  
    
  Central City, Colorado:    In March 2016, we completed the sale of approximately   two   acres of land in Central City, Colorado, which had a carrying amount of   $0.3 million  , for cash consideration of   $0.3 million  . This land was classified as held for sale as of   December 31, 2015  . During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , in order to reduce the carrying amount of this land to its estimated fair value less cost to sell, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of   $0.4 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively, which are included in  Write-downs, reserves and recoveries, net  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  Ameristar Lake Charles:    In July 2013, we entered into an agreement to sell all of the equity interests of our subsidiary, which was constructing the Ameristar Lake Charles development project. In November 2013, we closed the sale of the equity interests of our subsidiary. At the time of the sale, we received approximately   $209.8 million   in cash consideration and   $10.0 million   in deferred consideration in the form of a note receivable from the buyer, which was collected in July 2016. The note receivable was classified as held for sale as of   December 31, 2015   with a carrying amount of   $9.6 million  . 

Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Self-Insurance:    We self-insure various levels of general liability, workers  compensation, and medical coverage at most of our properties. Insurance reserves include accruals for estimated settlements for known claims, as well as accruals for estimates of claims not yet made. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had total self-insurance accruals of   $26.0 million   and   $25.5 million  , respectively, which are included in  Total current liabilities  in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Other:    We are a party to a number of other pending legal proceedings. Management does not expect that the outcome of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Note 11 Segment Information 
  We view each of our operating properties as an operating segment with the exception of our   two   properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which we view as   one   operating segment. Operating segments are aggregated based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services provided, the regulatory environments in which they operate, and their management and reporting structure. We have aggregated our operating segments into   three   reportable segments based on the similar characteristics of the operating segments within the regions in which they operate: Midwest, South and West. Corporate expenses and other is included in the following segment disclosures to reconcile to consolidated results. 
  We use Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined below) and Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined below) for each segment to compare operating results among our segments and allocate resources. The following table highlights our Adjusted EBITDAR for each segment and reconciles Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR to Income (loss) from continuing operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

27 

Table of Contents  

(a) 
    See Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  for listing of properties included in each segment. 
              (b) 
    We define Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR as earnings before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, pre-opening, development and other costs, non-cash share-based compensation, asset impairment costs, write-downs, reserves, recoveries, corporate-level litigation settlement costs, gain (loss) on sale of certain assets, loss on early extinguishment of debt, gain (loss) on sale of equity security investments, income (loss) from equity method investments, non-controlling interest, discontinued operations and rent expense associated with the Meadows Lease. Beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company altered the format of its presentation from EBITDA to EBITDAR in anticipation of the Meadows acquisition, which closed during the third quarter of 2016. We define Adjusted EBITDAR for each reportable segment as earnings before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, pre-opening, development and other costs, non-cash share-based compensation, asset impairment costs, write-downs, reserves, recoveries, inter-company management fees, gain (loss) on sale of certain assets, gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt, gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, discontinued operations and rent expense associated with the Meadows Lease. We define Adjusted EBITDAR margin as Adjusted EBITDAR for the segment divided by segment revenues. We use Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR for each segment to compare operating results among our properties and between accounting periods. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR have economic substance because they are used by management as measures to analyze the performance of our business and are especially relevant in evaluating large, long-lived casino-hotel projects because they provide a perspective on the current effects of operating decisions separated from the substantial non-operational depreciation charges and financing costs of such projects. We eliminate the results from discontinued operations at the time they are deemed discontinued. We also review pre-opening, development and other costs separately, as such expenses are also included in total project costs when assessing budgets and project returns, and because such costs relate to anticipated future revenues and income. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR are useful measures for investors because they are indicators of the performance of ongoing business operations. These calculations are commonly used as a basis for investors, analysts and credit rating agencies to evaluate and compare operating performance and value of companies within our industry. In addition, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR approximates the measures used in the debt covenants within the Company's debt agreements. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR do not include depreciation or interest expense and, therefore, do not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR should not be considered as an alternative to operating income (loss) as an indicator of performance, or as an alternative to any other measure provided in accordance with GAAP. Our calculations of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited.    
              (c) 
    Corporate and other includes revenues from Retama Park Racetrack (which we manage) and the Heartland Poker Tour. Corporate expenses represent payroll, professional fees, travel expenses and other general and administrative expenses not directly related to our casino and hotel operations. Corporate expenses that are directly attributable to a property are allocated to each applicable property. All other costs incurred relating to the management and consulting services provided by corporate headquarters to the properties are allocated to those properties based on their respective share of the monthly consolidated net revenues in the form of a management fee.  
     
   28 

Table of Contents  

The corporate management fee is excluded in the calculation of segment Adjusted EBITDAR and is completely eliminated in any consolidated financial results. Other includes expenses relating to the management of Retama Park Racetrack and the operation of Heartland Poker Tour.    
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion and analysis of financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended   December 31, 2015   contained in our Information Statement included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016.  

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
    
  Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. is an owner, operator and developer of casinos and related hospitality and entertainment businesses. References to  Pinnacle,  the  Company,   we,   our  or  us  refer to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries, except where stated or the context otherwise indicates. References to  Former Pinnacle  refer to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. prior to the Spin-Off and Merger (as such terms are defined below). 
    
  We own and operate 16   gaming entertainment businesses, located in Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania. We also hold a majority interest in the racing license owner, and we are a party to a management contract, for Retama Park Racetrack located outside of San Antonio, Texas. In addition to these properties, we own and operate a live and televised poker tournament series under the trade name Heartland Poker Tour   ( HPT ). We view each of our operating properties as an operating segment with the exception of our two properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which we view as one operating segment. For financial reporting purposes, we aggregate our operating segments into the following reportable segments: 
                 Midwest segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Council Bluffs  
    Council Bluffs, Iowa 
      Ameristar East Chicago  
    East Chicago, Indiana 
      Ameristar Kansas City  
    Kansas City, Missouri 
      Ameristar St. Charles  
    St. Charles, Missouri 
      Belterra  
    Florence, Indiana 
      Belterra Park  
    Cincinnati, Ohio 
      Meadows (1) 
    Washington, Pennsylvania 
      River City  
    St. Louis, Missouri 

South segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Vicksburg  
    Vicksburg, Mississippi 
      Boomtown Bossier City 
    Bossier City, Louisiana 
      Boomtown New Orleans 
    New Orleans, Louisiana 
      L Auberge Baton Rouge 
    Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
      L Auberge Lake Charles 
    Lake Charles, Louisiana 

West segment, which includes: 
    Location 
      Ameristar Black Hawk  
    Black Hawk, Colorado 
      Cactus Petes and Horseshu 
    Jackpot, Nevada 

(1)  
    The Meadows Racetrack and Casino (the  Meadows ) was acquired on September 9, 2016 as discussed below. 
       
  We own and operate gaming entertainment businesses, all of which include gaming, food and beverage, and retail facilities, and most of which include hotel and resort amenities. Our operating results are highly dependent on the volume of customers at our properties, which, in turn, affects the price we can charge for our hotel rooms and other amenities. While we do provide casino credit in several gaming jurisdictions, most of our revenue is cash-based, with customers wagering with cash or paying for non-gaming services with cash or credit cards. Our properties generate significant operating cash flow. Our industry is capital-intensive, and we rely on the ability of our properties to generate operating cash flow to satisfy our obligations under the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease (as such terms are defined below), pay interest, repay debt, and fund maintenance capital expenditures. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Our mission is to increase stockholder value. We seek to increase revenues through enhancing the guest experience by providing them with their favorite games, restaurants, hotel accommodations, entertainment and other amenities in attractive surroundings with high-quality guest service and our my  choice   customer loyalty program. We seek to improve cash flows by focusing on operational excellence and efficiency while meeting our guests  expectations of value. Our long-term strategy includes disciplined capital expenditures to improve and maintain our existing facilities, while growing the number of businesses we own and operate by pursuing gaming entertainment opportunities we can acquire and improve or develop. We intend to diversify our revenue sources by growing our portfolio of operating facilities, while remaining gaming and entertainment centric. We intend to implement these strategies either alone or with third parties when we believe it benefits our stockholders to do so. In making decisions, we consider our stockholders, guests, team members and other constituents in the communities in which we operate. 
    
  On April 28, 2016, Former Pinnacle completed the transactions under the terms of a definitive agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) with Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. ( GLPI ), a real estate investment trust. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Former Pinnacle separated its operating assets and liabilities (and its Belterra Park property and excess land at certain locations) into the Company, a newly formed subsidiary, and distributed to its stockholders, on a pro rata basis, all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (such distribution referred to as the  Spin-Off ). As a result, Former Pinnacle stockholders received   one   share of the Company's common stock, with a par value of   $0.01   per share, for each share of Former Pinnacle common stock that they owned. Gold Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of GLPI ( Merger Sub ), then merged with and into Former Pinnacle (the  Merger ), with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of GLPI. The Company was renamed Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. immediately following the Merger. 
    
  In completing the Merger, each share of common stock, par value   $0.10   per share, of Former Pinnacle (the  Former Pinnacle Common Stock ) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares of Former Pinnacle Common Stock (i) owned or held in treasury by Former Pinnacle or (ii) owned by GLPI, its subsidiaries or Merger Sub) were canceled and converted into the right to receive   0.85   shares of common stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of GLPI. 
    
  Following the Spin-Off and Merger, we operate our gaming businesses under a triple-net master lease agreement for the facilities acquired by GLPI (the  Master Lease ). The Master Lease has an initial term of   10   years with   five   subsequent,   five  -year renewal periods at our option. The Company pays initial annual rent of   $377 million   to GLPI. 
    
  On September 9, 2016, we closed on a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with GLP Capital, L.P. ( GLPC ), a subsidiary of GLPI, pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania for base consideration of $138.0 million, subject to certain adjustments. As of September 30, 2016, the purchase price, after giving effect to estimated adjustments, for the Meadows business was   $136.4 million  . As a result of the transaction, we own and operate the Meadows  gaming entertainment and harness racing business subject to a triple-net lease of its underlying real property with GLPI (the  Meadows Lease ). The Meadows Lease provides for a   10  -year initial term, including renewal terms at our option, up to a total of   29 years  . The initial annual rent is   $25.4 million  . 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following table highlights our results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . As discussed in Note 11,  Segment Information,  to our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we report segment operating results based on revenues and Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined below). Such segment reporting is on a basis consistent with how we measure our business and allocate resources internally. See Note 11,  Segment Information,  to our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our segment information. The following table highlights our Adjusted EBITDAR for each segment and reconciles Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined below) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments (as defined below) to Income (loss) from continuing operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

(a) 
    See  Executive Summary  section for listing of properties included in each segment. 
       
           (b) 
    We define Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR as earnings before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, pre-opening, development and other costs, non-cash share-based compensation, asset impairment costs, write-downs, reserves, recoveries, corporate-level litigation settlement costs, gain (loss) on sale of certain assets, loss on early extinguishment of debt, gain  
     
   32 

Table of Contents  

(loss) on sale of equity security investments, income (loss) from equity method investments, non-controlling interest, discontinued operations and rent expense associated with the Meadows Lease. Beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company altered the format of its presentation from EBITDA to EBITDAR in anticipation of the Meadows acquisition, which closed during the third quarter of 2016. We define Adjusted EBITDAR for each reportable segment as earnings before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, pre-opening, development and other costs, non-cash share-based compensation, asset impairment costs, write-downs, reserves, recoveries, inter-company management fees, gain (loss) on sale of certain assets, gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt, gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, discontinued operations and rent expense associated with the Meadows Lease. We define Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR margin as Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR divided by revenues on a consolidated basis. We define Adjusted EBITDAR margin as Adjusted EBITDAR for the segment divided by segment revenues. We use Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR for each segment to compare operating results among our properties and between accounting periods. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR have economic substance because they are used by management as measures to analyze the performance of our business and are especially relevant in evaluating large, long-lived casino-hotel projects because they provide a perspective on the current effects of operating decisions separated from the substantial non-operational depreciation charges and financing costs of such projects. We eliminate the results from discontinued operations at the time they are deemed discontinued. We also review pre-opening, development and other costs separately, as such expenses are also included in total project costs when assessing budgets and project returns, and because such costs relate to anticipated future revenues and income. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR margin and Adjusted EBITDAR are useful measures for investors because they are indicators of the performance of ongoing business operations. These calculations are commonly used as a basis for investors, analysts and credit rating agencies to evaluate and compare operating performance and value of companies within our industry. In addition, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR approximates the measures used in the debt covenants within the Company's debt agreements. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR do not include depreciation or interest expense and, therefore, do not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR should not be considered as an alternative to operating income (loss) as an indicator of performance, or as an alternative to any other measure provided in accordance with GAAP. Our calculations of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited. 
    
           (c) 
    Corporate and other includes revenues from Retama Park Racetrack (which we manage) and the Heartland Poker Tour. Corporate expenses represent payroll, professional fees, travel expenses and other general and administrative expenses not directly related to our casino and hotel operations. Corporate expenses that are directly attributable to a property are allocated to each applicable property. All other costs incurred relating to the management and consulting services provided by corporate headquarters to the properties are allocated to those properties based on their respective share of the monthly consolidated net revenues in the form of a management fee. The corporate management fee is excluded in the calculation of segment Adjusted EBITDAR and is completely eliminated in any consolidated financial results. Other includes expenses relating to the management of Retama Park Racetrack and the operation of Heartland Poker Tour. 
       
           (d) 
    Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments is defined as Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined in footnote b above), net of Lease Payments. The Company defines Lease Payments as lease payments made to GLPI for the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments is a useful measure to compare operating results between accounting periods. In addition, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments is a useful measure for investors because it is an indicator of the performance of ongoing business operations after incorporating the cash flow obligations associated with the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments should not be considered as an alternative to operating income (loss) as an indicator of performance, or as an alternative to any other measure provided in accordance with GAAP. Our calculations of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, net of Lease Payments may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited. The Master Lease is accounted for as a financing obligation. Total rent payments under the Master Lease, which commenced on April 28, 2016, were   $95.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $83.6 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $11.4 million   reduced the financing obligation. Total payments were   $161.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $141.9 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $19.2 million   reduced the financing obligation. Total lease payments under the Meadows Lease, which commenced on September 9, 2016, were   $1.6 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
       
  Consolidated Overview 
    
  Total revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $595.2 million   and   $1.7 billion  , respectively, representing year over year increases of   $16.6 million  , or   2.9%  , and   $8.0 million  , or   0.5%  , respectively. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , loss from continuing operations was   $0.5 million   and   $448.8 million  , respectively. The three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   includes   $15.6 million   of total revenues from the Meadows, which was acquired on September 9, 2016. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , loss from continuing operations was negatively impacted by non-cash impairments to goodwill, gaming licenses and trade names totaling   $321.3 million  ,   $68.5 million   and   $61.0 million  , respectively. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , loss from continuing operations was positively impacted by a reversal of   $11.6 million   in non-cash goodwill impairment as a result of our finalization of our impairment analysis, which was recorded on a preliminary basis during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 

33 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR was   $155.4 million  , an increase of   $5.6 million  , or   3.7%  , year over year, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and was   $484.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $11.1 million  , or   2.3%  . Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR margin for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , increased by 20 and 50 basis points, respectively, year over year. Excluding the impact of the Meadows, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR margin increased by 70 basis points year over year for both the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR was positively impacted by margin expansion and the acquisition of the Meadows, which contributed $1.5 million of Adjusted EBITDAR, and negatively impacted by lost business volume at L Auberge Baton Rouge due to severe rain and flooding. Additionally, Ameristar St. Charles was negatively impacted by highway interchange construction on Interstate 70 and a casino floor renovation program. 
    
  Total revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   were   $578.6 million   and   $1.7 billion  , respectively. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , income from continuing operations was   $13.5 million   and   $56.3 million  , respectively. For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR was negatively impacted by $0.9 million of cost related to the final L'Auberge Lake Charles team member retention program payments and repair costs related to flooding of the Red River in Bossier City. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAR benefited from a $3.6 million refund received on disputed vendor payments in the first quarter of 2015, partially offset by $2.5 million in costs related to the L'Auberge Lake Charles team member retention program payments and by repair and clean-up costs and lost business volume related to flooding of the Red River in Bossier City. 
    
  The Company s revenue consists mostly of gaming revenue, which is primarily from slot machines and to a lesser extent, table games. Slot revenue represented approximately 82% and 83% of gaming revenue in 2015 and 2014, respectively. In analyzing the performance of our properties, the key indicators related to gaming revenue are slot handle and table games drop (which are volume indicators) and win or hold percentage. 
    
  Slot handle or video lottery terminal ( VLT ) handle represents the total amount wagered in a slot machine or VLT, and table games drop represents the total amount of cash and net markers issued that are deposited in gaming table drop boxes. Win represents the amount of wagers retained by us and recorded as gaming revenue, and hold represents win as a percentage of slot handle, VLT handle or table games drop. Given the stability in our slot and VLT hold percentages, we have not experienced any significant impact on our results of operations as a result of changes in hold percentages. 
    
  For table games, customers usually purchase cash chips at the gaming tables. The cash and markers (extensions of credit granted to certain credit-worthy customers) are deposited in the drop box of each gaming table. Table game win is the amount of drop that is retained and recorded as gaming revenue, with liabilities recognized for funds deposited by customers. 
  We offer incentives to our customers through our my  choice   customer loyalty program. Under the my  choice   customer loyalty program, customers earn points based on their level of play that may be redeemed for various benefits, such as cash back, dining, or hotel stays, among others. The reward credit balance under the program will be forfeited if the customer does not earn or use any reward credits over the prior six-month period. In addition, based on their level of play, customers can earn additional benefits without redeeming points, such as a car lease, among other items. We have not yet integrated Meadows into this program. 
  We accrue a liability for the estimated cost of providing these benefits as the benefits are earned. Estimates and assumptions are made regarding the cost of providing such benefits, breakage rates, and the mixture of goods and services customers will choose. We use historical data to assist in the determination of estimated accruals. Changes in estimates or customer redemption habits could produce different results. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had accrued   $22.9 million   and   $25.4 million  , respectively, for the estimated cost of providing these benefits. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Segment comparison of the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
    
  Midwest Segment 

NM - Not Meaningful 
    
  In the Midwest segment, total revenues increased by   $15.1   million, or   4.7%   year over year, to   $333.5   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Operating income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $73.4 million   as compared to   $61.3 million   in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDAR remained steady year over year, at   $92.8   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Adjusted EBITDAR margin was   27.8%  , a decrease of   130   basis points year over year. The acquisition of the Meadows on September 9, 2016 contributed   $15.6 million   of total revenues and $1.5 million of Adjusted EBITDAR to the   third quarter   of   2016  . Excluding the Meadows, Adjusted EBITDAR margin was 28.7%, a decrease of 40 basis points year over year. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Midwest segment operating results benefited from the acquisition of the Meadows and strong performance at Belterra Park, where gaming volumes continued to ramp up and additional cost efficiencies were realized, and Belterra, where modest growth in gaming revenues, an emphasis on cash non-gaming revenue streams, and operational efficiencies, resulted in Adjusted EBITDAR growth. The Midwest segment operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were negatively impacted by lost business volume at Ameristar St. Charles due primarily to highway interchange construction on Interstate 70 and a casino floor renovation program. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $228.3 million of non-cash impairment to goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, which resulted in an operating loss for the period. The three months ended   September 30, 2016   includes the reversal of   $11.6 million   of non-cash impairment to goodwill as a result of our finalization of our impairment analysis, which was recorded on a preliminary basis during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Midwest segment results were primarily driven by strong year over year increases in total revenues and Adjusted EBITDAR at Ameristar East Chicago, River City, Ameristar Kansas City and Belterra Park. 
    
  South Segment     

NM - Not Meaningful 
    
  In the South segment, total revenues decreased by   $0.1   million, or   0.1%   year over year, to   $197.0   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Operating income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $34.5 million   as compared to   $36.2 million   in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDAR increased by   $1.8   million, or   3.2%   year over year, to   $58.1   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Adjusted EBITDAR margin was   29.5%  , an increase of   90   basis points year over year. 

35 

Table of Contents  

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the South segment operating results benefited from strong operating performance at L Auberge Baton Rouge despite disruption from severe rain and flooding, which reduced visitation for approximately two weeks in August. L Auberge Baton Rouge continues to experience revenue growth while further refining its cost structure in its fourth year of operations. South segment operating results for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   also benefited from strong operating performance at L Auberge Lake Charles. L Auberge Lake Charles produced year over year quarterly growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2014, which was followed by a period of pressure on the East Texas economy from declining oil and gas prices and the entrance of a new competitor in the Lake Charles gaming-entertainment market. Lastly, the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   includes $179.9 million of non-cash impairment to goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, which resulted in an operating loss for the period. 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , the South segment s results were negatively impacted by $0.9 million in costs related to the L Auberge Lake Charles retention program and by repair costs and lost business volume related to the flooding of the Red River in Bossier City. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , the South segment s results were negatively impacted by a $2.5 million in costs related to the L Auberge Lake Charles retention program and by repair costs and lost business volume related to the flooding of the Red River in Bossier City and benefited by $1.3 million from a refund received on disputed vendor payments. 
    
  West Segment      

NM - Not Meaningful 
    
  In the West segment, total revenues increased by   $1.8   million, or   2.9%   year over year, to   $62.9   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Operating income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $19.2 million   as compared to   $16.9 million   in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDAR increased by   $1.5   million, or   6.6%   year over year, to   $24.2   million during the   third quarter   of   2016  . Adjusted EBITDAR margin was   38.5%  , an increase of   130   basis points year over year. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the West segment performance was driven by strong year over year increases in total revenues and Adjusted EBITDAR at the Jackpot Properties due primarily to the opening of the newly renovated buffet at Cactus Petes in April 2016 and continued operational efficiencies at Ameristar Black Hawk along with modest improvement in total revenues. The nine months ended   September 30, 2016   includes $42.6 million of non-cash impairment to goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, which resulted in an operating loss for the period. 
    
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , the West segment s results were benefited by $0.4 million from a refund received on disputed vendor payments. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Other factors affecting income (loss) from continuing operations 
  The following is a description of the other benefits (costs) affecting income (loss) from continuing operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

NM - Not Meaningful 
    
  Corporate expenses and other   is principally comprised of corporate overhead expenses, the Heartland Poker Tour, and the Retama Park management operations. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , corporate expenses and other decreased year over year by   $2.3   million and   $0.6 million  , respectively, to   $19.7 million   and   $61.5 million  , respectively. The decreases are primarily attributable to lower professional services and compensation costs during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the prior year periods. In addition, the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , benefited from a $0.2 million refund received on disputed vendor payments. 
    
  Rent expense under Meadows Lease   for the     three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   relates to the rent expense recorded on the Meadows Lease, which commenced on September 9, 2016. Rent expense is recorded on a straight-line basis using minimum lease payments over the lease term, which has been determined to be 10 years.     Lease payments made to GLPI under the Meadows Lease w  ere $1.6 million for the     three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Depreciation and amortization   decreased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the prior year periods, due primarily to the timing of certain equipment that became fully depreciated during 2015 and the accelerated method of amortization on player relationships.  
    
  Pre-opening, development and other costs   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consist of the following: 

(1) 
    Amounts comprised of costs associated with the Spin-Off and Merger. 
              (2) 
    Amounts comprised principally of legal, advisory and other costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the Meadows. 
     
   37 

Table of Contents  

Share-based compensation expense   decreased for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the prior year period primarily due to the accelerated vesting of share-based payment awards as a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, which reduced the aggregate compensation cost associated with outstanding awards. Share-based compensation expense increased for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the prior year period primarily due to   $22.6 million   of cost associated with the accelerated vesting of share-based payment awards, which was recorded during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  Impairment of goodwill   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   consists of a non-cash impairment charge of   $321.3 million  . Given that the Spin-Off and Merger transactions represented a significant financial restructuring event that increased our cash flow obligations in connection with the Master Lease, we concluded that an indicator of impairment existed as of April 28, 2016, the closing date of the transactions. During the second quarter of 2016, we performed a preliminary impairment assessment, which resulted in an estimate of non-cash impairment to goodwill of   $332.9 million  . The non-cash impairment to goodwill represented our best estimate based on the work that had been performed as of the date of the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, we completed our impairment assessment on goodwill, which resulted in the reversal of   $11.6 million   of non-cash impairment to goodwill.  
    
  During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a non-cash impairment of   $1.4 million   to the goodwill of HPT. Additionally, during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a non-cash impairment of   $3.3 million   to the goodwill of Pinnacle Retama Partners, LLC, which fully impaired the goodwill at this reporting unit. 
    
  Impairment of other intangible assets   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   consists of non-cash impairment charges to gaming licenses and trade names, in the amounts of   $68.5 million   and   $61.0 million  , respectively. As a result of the Spin-Off and Merger, we concluded that an indicator of impairment existed as of April 28, 2016. The gaming license impairments pertained to our Midwest segment and the trade name impairments related to our Midwest, South and West segments, in the amounts of   $35.3 million  ,   $22.2 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively. 
    
  During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded non-cash impairments on the trade name and player relationships of HPT of   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. Additionally, during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a non-cash impairment of   $5.0 million  , which fully impaired the Retama Park Racetrack license. 
    
  Write-downs, reserves and recoveries, net   consist of the following: 

Loss (gain) on disposals of long-lived assets, net:    During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded net losses of   $6.2 million  ,   $13.1 million  ,   $0.5 million  , and   $1.7 million  , respectively, related primarily to disposals of furniture, fixtures and equipment at our properties in the normal course of business. Additionally, during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a gain on the sale of land in Springfield, Massachusetts of   $8.4 million  . 
    
  Impairment of long-lived assets:    During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded non-cash impairments on slot and other equipment at our properties. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded non-cash impairment charges of   $0.4 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively, on our land in Central City, Colorado to reduce the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value less cost to sell. 

38 

Table of Contents  

Interest expense, net,   consists of the following: 

(3) 
    Represents a one-time expense associated with the GLPI transaction. 
       
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , interest expense increased as compared to the prior year periods due principally to the interest expense incurred under our Master Lease financing obligation, which offset the decrease in interest expense incurred related to our debt borrowings. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , excluding the amortization of debt issuance costs and original issuance discount/premium, interest expense was   $93.3 million   and   $233.1 million  , respectively, as compared to   $57.5 million   and   $176.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Loss on equity method investment   represents losses recognized for our allocable share of an investment in a land re-vitalization project in downtown St. Louis. 
    
  Loss on early extinguishment of debt   relates to the repayment, in full, of the Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined in the  Liquidity and Capital Resources  section below). The loss included the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issuance discount. 
  Income taxes 
  Our effective tax rate for continuing operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was   117.7%  , or an expense of   $3.5 million  , and   5.6%   or a benefit of   $26.5 million  , respectively, as compared to an effective tax rate of   15.2%  , or an expense of   $2.4 million  , and   18.4%   or an expense of   $12.7 million  , respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The rate includes the tax impact of certain discrete items including changes of tax status of certain of our legal entities. Our tax rate differs from the statutory rate of   35.0%   due to the effects of permanent items, deferred tax expense on tax amortization of indefinite-lived intangible assets, state taxes, legal entity status change, and a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits. 
    
  The Spin-Off described in the  Executive Summary  was a taxable transaction. A gain was recognized for tax purposes and the tax bases of the operating assets were stepped up to fair market value at the time of the transaction. Pursuant to ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , the tax impact directly related to the transaction amongst shareholders was recorded to equity, consistent with the overall accounting treatment of the transaction. All changes in tax bases of assets and liabilities caused by the transactions were recorded to additional paid-in capital. 
    
  As previously noted, the failed sale-leaseback is accounted for as a financial obligation. As a result, the gaming facilities are presented on the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and the financing obligation is recognized and amortized over the lease term. For federal and state income tax purposes, the Spin-Off and the subsequent leaseback of the gaming facilities is an operating lease. As such, the Company recognizes no tax bases in the leased gaming facilities, which creates basis differences that give rise to deferred taxes under ASC 740,   Income Taxes  . 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Discontinued operations 
    
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , income before income taxes reported in discontinued operations was   $0.4 million   and   $5.2 million  , respectively, and was   $0.4 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we held   $154.8 million   of cash and cash equivalents. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $155.0 million   drawn on our   $400.0 million   Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and had   $11.0 million   committed under various letters of credit. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we retired   $51.1 million   in aggregate principal amount of debt under the Term Loan A Facility and Term Loan B Facility (as such terms are defined below) and drew   $155.0 million   on the Revolving Credit Facility, which primarily relates to the acquisition of the Meadows, as discussed below. The debt retired during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was accomplished principally with cash flows from operations. 
    
  We generally produce significant positive cash flows from operations, though this is not always reflected in our reported net income (loss) due to large non-cash charges such as impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets and depreciation and amortization. However, our ongoing liquidity will depend on a number of factors, including available cash resources, cash flow from operations, funding of construction of development projects, and our compliance with covenants contained under our debt agreements. 

NM - Not Meaningful 
  Operating Cash Flow 
  Our cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the prior year period, decreased due primarily to interest payments made on the financing obligation of   $141.9 million  ; expenses and other costs associated with the completion of the Spin-Off and Merger, including costs to obtain the financing; acquisition costs related to the Meadows; and the timing of payments and receipts of working capital items, offset by a decrease in interest payments made on long-term debt. Additionally, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net cash payments related to income taxes were   $9.8 million  , as compared to the prior year period, in which we received   $17.4 million   of net cash refunds related to income taxes. 
  Investing Cash Flow 
    
  The following is a summary of our capital expenditures by segment:  

In addition to our capital expenditures summarized above, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we received   $0.3 million   in net proceeds from the disposition of land in Central City, Colorado, and $10.0 million from the collection of the  
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

deferred consideration in the form of a note receivable relating to our disposition of Ameristar Lake Charles, which was sold in November 2013. 
    
  On September 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase agreement with GLPC, pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania for base consideration of $138.0 million, subject to certain adjustments. As of September 30, 2016, the purchase price, after giving effect to estimated adjustments, for the Meadows business was   $136.4 million  , of which,   $131.9 million   has been paid and   $4.5 million   has been accrued, relating primarily to a final working capital adjustment. As a result of the transaction, we own and operate the Meadows  gaming entertainment and harness racing business subject to the Meadows Lease. 
    
  The Meadows Lease provides for a   10  -year initial term, including renewal terms at our option, up to a total of   29 years  . The initial annual rent is   $25.4 million  , payable in monthly installments, and comprised of a base rent of   $14.0 million  , which is subject to certain adjustments, and an initial percentage rent of   $11.4 million  . The base rent is fixed for the first year and, beginning in the second year of the lease, subject to an annual escalation of up to   5%   for the initial   10  -year term or until the lease year in which base rent plus percentage rent is a total of $31.0 million, subject to certain adjustments, and up to 2% thereafter, subject to an Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the Meadows Lease) of 1.8:1 during lease year two, 1.9:1 during lease year three and 2.0:1 during lease year four and thereafter. The percentage rent is fixed for the first two years and will be adjusted every two years to establish a new fixed amount for the next two-year period equal to 4% of the average annual net revenues during the trailing two-year period.  
    
  Our intention is to use existing cash resources, expected cash flows from operations and funds available under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities to fund operations, maintain existing properties, make necessary debt service payments, make necessary Master Lease and Meadows Lease payments, and fund any potential acquisition and development projects. In the event that our future cash flows from operations do not match the levels we currently anticipate, whether due to downturns in the economy or otherwise, we may need to raise funds through the capital markets, if possible. 
    
  Our ability to borrow under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities is contingent upon, among other things, meeting customary financial and other covenants. If we are unable to borrow under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or if our operating results are adversely affected because of a reduction in consumer spending, or for any other reason, our ability to maintain our existing properties or complete our ongoing projects may be affected unless we sell assets, enter into leasing arrangements, or take other measures to find additional financial resources. There is no certainty that we will be able to do so on terms that are favorable to the Company or at all. 
    
  We may face significant challenges if conditions in the economy and financial markets worsen, the effect of which could adversely affect consumer confidence and the willingness of consumers to spend money on leisure activities. When economic conditions worsen, certain of our customers may curtail the frequency of their visits to our casinos and may reduce the amounts they wager and spend when compared to similar statistics in better economic times. All of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
  Financing Cash Flow 
  Master Lease Financing Obligation 
  The Master Lease is accounted for as a financing obligation. The obligation was calculated at lease inception based on the future minimum lease payments due to GLPI under the Master Lease discounted at   10.5%  . The discount rate represents the estimated incremental borrowing rate over the lease term of   35   years, which included renewal options that were reasonably assured of being exercised. As of April 28, 2016, the commencement date of the Master Lease, the financing obligation was determined to be   $3.2 billion  . 
  Fourteen   of our   sixteen   gaming facilities are subject to the Master Lease with GLPI. Under the Master Lease, the initial annual aggregate lease payment is   $377 million   and rent is payable in monthly installments. The rent is comprised of base rent, which includes a land and a building component, and percentage rent. In the first year of the lease, the land base rent, the building base rent, and the percentage rent are $44 million, $289 million, and $44 million, respectively. 
  The land base rent is fixed for the entire lease term. Beginning in the second year of the lease, the building base rent is subject to an annual escalation of up to   2%  , depending on the Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the Master Lease) of 1.8:1. The percentage rent, which is fixed for the first two years, will be adjusted every   two   years to establish a new fixed amount for the next   two  -year period. Each new fixed amount will be calculated by multiplying   4%   by the difference between (i) the average net revenues for the trailing   two  -year period and (ii) $1.1 billion. 
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

Total payments under the Master Lease, which commenced on April 28, 2016, were   $95.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $83.6 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $11.4 million   reduced the financing obligation. Total payments were   $161.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , of which   $141.9 million   was recognized as interest expense and   $19.2 million   reduced the financing obligation. 
  Financing in Connection with the Spin-Off and Merger 
  In connection with the Spin-Off and Merger, on April 28, 2016, the Company made a dividend to Former Pinnacle in the amount of   $808.4 million   (the  Cash Payment ), which was equal to the amount of existing debt outstanding of Former Pinnacle as of April 28, 2016, less approximately   $2.7 billion   that GLPI assumed pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Immediately prior to the consummation of the Spin-Off and Merger, the August 2013 amended and restated credit agreement ( Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) was repaid in full and terminated and the   6.375%   senior notes due 2021 ( 6.375% Notes ), the   7.50%   senior notes due 2021 ( 7.50% Notes ) and the   7.75%   senior subordinated notes due 2022 ( 7.75% Notes ) were redeemed. Former Pinnacle s indenture governing its   8.75%   senior subordinated notes due 2020 ( 8.75% Notes ) was redeemed on May 15, 2016. Following the consummation of the Spin-Off and Merger, the Company had no outstanding obligations under the Former Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the   6.375%   Notes, the   7.50%   Notes, the   7.75%   Notes and the   8.75%   Notes. 
  On April 28, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company completed its debt financings in connection with the Merger, consisting of (i) $375.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2024 (the  Existing 5.625% Notes ) and (ii) the credit agreement among the Company and certain lenders thereto (the  Credit Agreement ), comprised of (x) a $185.0 million term loan A facility with a maturity of five years (the  Term Loan A Facility ), (y) a $300.0 million term loan B facility with a maturity of seven years (the  Term Loan B Facility ) and (z) a $400.0 million revolving credit facility with a maturity of five years (the  Revolving Credit Facility  and together with the Term Loan A Facility and the Term Loan B Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ).  
  The proceeds of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, together with the proceeds of the Existing 5.625% Notes were used on the Closing Date (i) to make the Cash Payment and (ii) to pay fees and expenses related to the issuance of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Existing 5.625% Notes. Proceeds from loans under the Revolving Credit Facility are used for working capital, to fund permitted dividends, distributions and acquisitions, for general corporate purposes and for any other purpose not prohibited by the Credit Agreement. 
    
  Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $155.0 million   drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility,   $182.7 million   of loans outstanding under the Term Loan A Facility,   $251.2 million   of loans outstanding under the Term Loan B Facility and had   $11.0 million   committed under various letters of credit. As noted above, the acquisition of Meadows was funded with proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. In October 2016, the net proceeds from the issuance of Additional   5.625%   Notes (as defined below) were used to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  Loans under the Term Loan A Facility and Revolving Credit Facility initially bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus   2.00%   or the base rate plus   1.00%   and, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, such loans will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus an applicable margin from   1.50%   to   2.50%   or the base rate plus an applicable margin from   0.50%   to   1.50%  , in each case, depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the most recent fiscal quarter. Loans under the Term Loan B Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus   3.00%   or the base rate plus   2.00%   and in no event will LIBOR be less than   0.75%  . In addition, we pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate that ranges from   0.30%   to   0.50%   per annum, depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recent fiscal quarter. 
    
  The Term Loan A Facility amortizes in equal quarterly amounts equal to a percentage of the original outstanding principal amount at closing as follows: (i)   5%   per annum in the first two years, (ii)   7.5%   per annum in the third year and (iii)   10%   per annum in the fourth and fifth year. The remaining principal amount is payable on April 28, 2021. The Term Loan B Facility amortizes in equal quarterly amounts equal to   1%   per annum of the original outstanding principal amount at closing. The remaining principal amount is payable on April 28, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility is not subject to amortization and is due and payable on April 28, 2021. 
    
  Loans under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities may be prepaid at par and commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility may be reduced at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (except for LIBOR breakage costs);  
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

provided that certain repricing transactions relating to the Term Loan B Facility will be subject to a 1.00% prepayment premium for a period of twelve months after April 28, 2016. Loans under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will be subject to mandatory prepayment with (i) a percentage of the Company s excess cash flow depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio of the Company, (ii) net cash proceeds from asset sales and casualty and condemnation events (subject to customary reinvestment rights and other customary exceptions) and (iii) net cash proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of indebtedness after the closing date (subject to customary exceptions). 
    
  All obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will be unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain customary exceptions. All obligations of the Company under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the guarantees of those obligations will be secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the guarantors thereto, subject to certain exceptions. The property pledged by the Company and such guarantors includes a first priority pledge of the leasehold interests of tenant in the Master Lease; a first priority pledge of all of the equity interests owned by the Company and such guarantors in the direct wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of the Company and such guarantors. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, certain affirmative and negative covenants and, solely for the benefit of the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, financial covenants, including a maximum permitted Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio, a maximum permitted Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and a required minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control, revocation of material licenses by gaming authorities (subject to a cure period), termination of the Master Lease and cross-default to certain events of default under the Master Lease. 
    
  5.625% Senior Notes due 2024:    The Existing   5.625%   Notes were issued at par, mature on May 1, 2024, and bear interest at the rate of   5.625%   per annum. Interest on the Existing   5.625%   Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1st and November 1st of each year, commencing November 1, 2016. On October 12, 2016, we issued an additional   $125.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 (the  Additional   5.625%   Notes  and together with the Existing   5.625%   Notes, the    5.625%   Notes ), which are under the indenture governing the Existing   5.625%   Notes issued on April 28, 2016, as amended and supplemented by that certain first supplemental indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016. The Additional   5.625%   Notes were issued at par plus a premium of 50 basis points. We financed the purchase of the Meadows with our Revolving Credit Facility and the net proceeds from the issuance of the Additional   5.625%   Notes were used to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. The   5.625%   Notes were issued pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933. We are required to file a registration statement on Form S-4 to register the   5.625%   Notes, which must be declared effective by the SEC by July 30, 2017. 
    
  The Company may redeem the 5.625% Notes at any time, and from time to time, on or after May 1, 2019, at the declining redemption premiums set forth in the indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Prior to May 1, 2019, the Company may redeem the 5.625% Notes at any time, and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.625% Notes redeemed plus a  make-whole  redemption premium described in the indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, at any time prior to May 1, 2019, the Company may redeem the 5.625% Notes with an amount of cash equal to the net proceeds of one or more equity offerings, within a specified period of time after the closing of any such equity offering, at a redemption price equal to 105.625% of the principal amount of the 5.625% Notes redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest, so long as at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 5.625% Notes originally issued under the indenture remains outstanding. If the Company engages in any asset sales, subject to certain exceptions, the Company generally must use the proceeds for specified purposes within a specified period of time or use the excess net proceeds from such asset sales to offer to purchase the 5.625% Notes from holders at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.625% Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  The 5.625% Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment with all of the Company s senior indebtedness, and senior in right of payment to all of the Company s subordinated indebtedness, without giving effect to collateral arrangements. The 5.625% Notes are effectively subordinated to the Company s secured indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 5.625% Notes are not guaranteed by any of the Company s subsidiaries, except in the event that the Company in the future incurs certain subsidiary-guaranteed unsecured indebtedness, and, therefore, the 5.625% Notes will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries, including their guarantees of the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
    
  The indenture contains covenants limiting the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries  ability to: pay dividends or distributions or repurchase equity; incur additional debt or issue disqualified stock and, in the case of subsidiaries, preferred stock; make investments; create liens on assets to secure certain debt; enter into transactions with affiliates; merge or  
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

consolidate with another company; transfer and sell assets; create dividend and other payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and make certain amendments to the Master Lease. These covenants are subject to a number of important and significant limitations, qualifications and exceptions. 
    
  Events of default under the indenture include, among others, the following: default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the 5.625% Notes; default in payment when due of the principal of, or premium, if any, on the 5.625% Notes; failure to comply with covenants in the indenture for 60 days after the receipt of notice from the trustee or holders of 25% in aggregate principal amount of the 5.625% Notes (unless such failure to comply has been waived); acceleration or payment default of debt in excess of a specified amount; unpaid judgments in excess of a specified amount; certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency; and the Master Lease terminating or ceasing to be effective in certain circumstances. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the financial covenant ratios under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and indenture governing the Company s 5.625% Notes and compliance with these financial covenant ratios does not have a material impact on our financial flexibility, including our ability to incur new indebtedness based on our operating plans. 
    
  Share Repurchase Programs 
    
  In May 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to   $50.0 million   of our common stock, which we completed in July 2016. In August 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to $50.0 million of our common stock. The cost of the shares acquired is treated as a reduction to stockholders  equity. During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   3.3 million   shares and   5.5 million   shares, respectively, of common stock and reduced stockholders  equity by   $36.6 million   and   $61.3 million  , respectively, under both programs. As of November 9, 2016, under the current share repurchase program, we have repurchased   1.7 million   shares of our common stock for   $20.1 million  . 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS 
  Below summarizes the material changes that have occurred during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   to our contractual obligations and commitments as disclosed in our Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. 
  On September 9, 2016, we closed on a purchase agreement GLP Capital, L.P. ( GLPC ), a subsidiary of GLPI, pursuant to which we acquired all of the equity interests of the Meadows located in Washington, Pennsylvania. In conjunction with the transaction, we entered into a triple-net lease of the underlying real property with GLPI (the  Meadows Lease ). The Meadows Lease provides for a   10  -year initial term, including renewal terms at our option, up to a total of   29 years  . The initial annual rent will be   $25.4 million  , comprised of a base rent of   $14.0 million  , which is subject to certain adjustments and annual escalation in the future, and an initial percentage rent of   $11.4 million  , which adjusts every two years. 
  On October 12, 2016, we issued an additional   $125.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 at par plus a premium of 50 basis points, which are under the indenture governing the   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 issued on April 28, 2016, as amended and supplemented by that certain first supplemental indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016.  
  For further information regarding these transactions, please see Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
  A description of our critical accounting estimates can be found in Item 7 of our Information Statement included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. For a more extensive discussion of our accounting policies, see Note 1,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   in our Information Statement included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. There were no newly identified critical accounting policies and estimates in the   third quarter   of   2016  , nor were there any material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates discussed for the year ended   December 31, 2015   in our Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. 

44 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  Act ) provides certain  safe harbor  provisions for forward-looking statements. Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters addressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as in other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC or statements made by us, may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. From time to time, we may provide oral or written forward-looking statements in our other periodic reports on Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, press releases and other materials released to the public. All forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and any documents we incorporate by reference are made pursuant to the Act. Words such as, but not limited to,  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   plans,   could,   may,   will,   should,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, the expected results of operations and future operating performance and future growth, adequacy of resources to fund development and expansion projects, liquidity, financing options, including the state of the capital markets and our ability to access the capital markets, the state of the credit markets and economy, cash needs, cash reserves, operating and capital expenses, expense reductions, the sufficiency of insurance coverage, anticipated marketing costs at various projects, the future outlook of Pinnacle and the gaming industry and pending regulatory and legal matters; the ability of the Company to continue to meet its financial and other covenants governing its indebtedness, the Master Lease with GLPI and the lease for The Meadows Racetrack and Casino (the  Meadows  the expected synergies and benefits of the acquisition of the Meadows; the Company s anticipated future capital expenditures, ability to implement strategies to improve revenues and operating margins at the Company s properties, reduce costs and debt, the Company s ability to successfully implement marketing programs to increase revenue at the Company s properties, and the Company s ability to improve operations and performance, are all subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by us. This can occur as a result of inaccurate assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. For more information on the potential factors that could affect our operating results and financial condition in addition to the risk factors described above, review our other filings (other than any portion of such filings that are furnished under applicable SEC Rules rather than filed) with the SEC, including this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Information Statement included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed in final form on April 11, 2016 and the risk factors described therein as well as the risk factors discussed in this Form 10-Q in Part II. Factors that may cause our actual performance to differ materially from that contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, among others: 

Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in consumers  discretionary spending as a result of downturns in the economy or other changes we cannot accurately predict; 

The gaming industry is very competitive and increased competition, including through legislative legalization or expansion of gaming by states in or near where we operate facilities or through Native American gaming facilities and Internet gaming, could adversely affect our financial results; 

Our gaming operations rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties. In the event that there is an interruption of these services to us, it may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition; 

Our business may be harmed from cyber security risk and we may be subject to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our guests  or our business partners  or our own information or other breaches of our information security; 

We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes; 

Certain provisions of the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease restrict our ability to freely operate and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition; 

Substantially all of our gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with GLPI, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations; 

We face risks associated with growth and acquisitions; 

45 

Table of Contents  

We derived 30.1% and 29.9% of our revenues in 2015 from our casinos located in Louisiana and Missouri, respectively, and are especially subject to certain risks, including economic and competitive risks, associated with the conditions in those areas and in the states from which we draw patrons; 

Our indebtedness (including our obligations under the 5.625% senior notes due 2024, the Credit Facilities and the Master Lease) and projected future borrowings could adversely affect our financial health; future cash flows may not be sufficient to meet our obligations, and we may have difficulty obtaining additional financing; and we may experience adverse effects of interest rate fluctuations; 

Our indebtedness imposes restrictive covenants on us; 

To service our indebtedness and make payments under the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control; 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms may be limited; 

We may experience an impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets, or long-lived assets, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; 

Insufficient or lower-than-expected results generated from our new developments and acquisitions may negatively affect our operating results and financial condition; 

Rising operating costs at our gaming facilities could have a negative impact on our business; 

Recessions have affected our business and financial condition, and economic conditions may continue to affect us in ways that we currently cannot accurately predict; 

We expect to be engaged from time to time in one or more construction and development projects, and many factors could prevent us from completing them as planned, including the escalation of construction costs beyond increments anticipated in our construction budgets; 

Our industry is highly regulated, which makes us dependent on obtaining and maintaining gaming licenses and subjects us to potentially significant fines and penalties; 

Potential changes in the regulatory environment could harm our business; 

Our business may be adversely affected by legislation prohibiting tobacco smoking; 

Our operations are largely dependent on the skill and experience of our management and key personnel. The loss of management and other key personnel could significantly harm our business, and we may not be able to effectively replace members of management who have left the company; 

We face business and regulatory risks associated with our investment in Asian Coast Development (Canada), Ltd.; 

Adverse weather conditions, road construction, gasoline shortages and other factors affecting our facilities and the areas in which we operate could make it more difficult for potential customers to travel to our properties and deter customers from visiting our properties; 

We are subject to litigation, which, if adversely determined, could cause us to incur substantial losses; 

Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, or other catastrophic events, including war and terrorism; 

We are exposed to a variety of natural disasters such as named windstorms, floods and earthquakes and this can make it challenging for us to obtain adequate levels of weather catastrophe occurrence insurance coverage for our facilities at reasonable rates, if at all;    

We may incur property and other losses that are not adequately covered by insurance, which may harm our results of operations; 
     
   46 

Table of Contents  

The concentration and evolution of the slot machine manufacturing industry or other technological conditions could impose additional costs on us; 

We operate in a highly taxed industry and it may be subject to higher taxes in the future. If the jurisdictions in which we operate increase gaming taxes and fees, our operating results could be adversely affected; 

Work stoppages, organizing drives and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits; 

We face environmental and archaeological regulation of the real estate on which we operate; 

We are subject to certain federal, state and other regulations; 

Climate change, climate change regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact our operations and markets; 

We are subject to extensive governmental regulations that impose restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our securities; and 

The market price for our common stock may be volatile, and you may not be able to sell our stock at a favorable price or at all. 
       
  In addition, these forward-looking statements could be affected by general domestic and international economic and political conditions, uncertainty as to the future direction of the economy and vulnerability of the economy to domestic or international incidents, as well as market conditions in our industry. 
    
  For a further list and description of various risks, relevant factors and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, please see the  Risk Factors  in our Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016 and the risk factors in this Form 10-Q and review our other filings (other than any portion of such filings that are furnished under applicable SEC rules rather than filed) with the SEC. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  
   47 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  We are exposed to market risk from adverse changes in interest rates with respect to the short-term floating interest rate on borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $155.0 million   drawn under our Revolving Credit Facility and had   $11.0 million   committed under various letters of credit. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $182.7 million   and   $251.2 million   of principal outstanding under the Term Loan A Facility and the Term Loan B Facility, respectively. 
  We financed the purchase of the Meadows, which was on September 9, 2016, with our Revolving Credit Facility. On October 12, 2016, we issued an additional   $125.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 (the  Additional   5.625%   Notes ), which are under the indenture governing our existing   5.625%   senior notes due 2024 issued on April 28, 2016 (the  Existing   5.625%   Notes  and together with the Additional   5.625%   Notes, the    5.625%   Notes ), as amended and supplemented by that certain first supplemental indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016. The net proceeds from the issuance of the Additional   5.625%   Notes were used to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
  Loans under the Term Loan A Facility and Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus   2.00%   or the base rate plus   1.00%   as of September 30, 2016. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, such loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus an applicable margin from   1.50%   to   2.50%   or the base rate plus an applicable margin from   0.50%   to   1.50%  , in each case, depending on the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the most recent fiscal quarter. Loans under the Term Loan B Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, LIBOR plus 3.00% or the base rate plus 2.00% and in no event will LIBOR be less than   0.75%  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , for every 50 basis points decrease in LIBOR, our annual interest expense would decrease by approximately   $1.7 million  , assuming constant debt levels. As of   September 30, 2016  , if LIBOR were to increase by 50 basis points, our annual interest expense would increase by approximately   $2.4 million  , assuming constant debt levels. 
  The table below provides the principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by contractual maturity dates for our debt obligations as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not hold any material investments in market-risk-sensitive instruments of the type described in Item 305 of Regulation S-K. 

48 

Table of Contents  

Item 4.     Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (the  CEO ) and the Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on this evaluation, the Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in that they provide a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
    
  No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  In making our assessment of changes in internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , we have excluded the acquired Meadows operations because these operations were acquired in a business combination on September 9, 2016. These operations represent approximately 3.5% of our total assets as of   September 30, 2016   and approximately 2.6% of our total net revenues for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . We intend to disclose any material changes in internal control over financial reporting with respect to the Meadows operations in the first annual assessment of internal control over financial reporting in which we are required to include the Meadows operations. 

49 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
   
  Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are a party to a number of other pending legal proceedings. Management does not expect that the outcome of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors 
    
  The following are modified risk factors that should be read in conjunction with the  Risk Factors  in our Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in final form on April 11, 2016. 
    
  We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes. 
    
  We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to GLPI pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Leases. Under the Master Lease, the initial annual aggregate rent payable by Pinnacle MLS, LLC, the tenant under the Master Lease, is $377 million. In addition, under the Meadows Lease, the initial annual aggregate rent payable by PNK Development 33, LLC, the tenant under the Meadows Lease, is $25.4 million. The term  Leases  refers collectively to the Master Lease and the Meadows Lease. As a result of our significantly reduced cash flow, our ability to fund our own operations or development projects, raise capital, make acquisitions and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected. For example, our obligations under the Leases may: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness;  

increase our vulnerability to general or regional adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business;  

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making lease obligation payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;  

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 

restrict our ability to raise capital, make acquisitions, divestitures and engage in other significant transactions. 
       
  Any of the above listed factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
       
  The following are certain provisions of the Leases which restrict our ability to freely operate and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition: 

Escalations in Rent-We are obligated to pay base rent under the Master Lease, and base rent is composed of building base rent and land base rent. After the first year of the Master Lease term, building base rent is subject to an annual escalation of up to 2% and we may be required to pay the escalated building base rent regardless of our revenues, cash flow or general financial condition. We are also obligated to pay base rent under the Meadows Lease, and, after the first year of the Meadows Lease term, base rent is subject to annual escalation of 5% for the initial 10-year term or until the lease year in which base rent plus percentage rent is a total of $31 million plus the free play tax rent adjustment (if any) and thereafter is subject to annual escalation of up to 2% and we may be required to pay the escalated base rent regardless of the Meadows  revenues, cash flow or general financial condition. In addition, the Meadows Lease provides for additional adjustments to base rent under certain circumstances. 

Variable Rent-We are obligated to pay percentage rent under the Master Lease, which is re-calculated every two years. Such percentage rent shall equal 4% of the excess (if any) of (i) the average net revenues for the trailing two-year period over (ii) 50% of the trailing 12 months net revenues as of the month ending immediately prior to the execution of the Master Lease. We may be required to pay an increase in percentage rent based on increases in net revenues without a corresponding increase in our profits. We are also obligated to pay percentage rent under the Meadows  
     
   50 

Table of Contents  

Lease, which is re-calculated every two years. Such percentage rent shall equal 4% of the average annual net revenues of the lessee from the Meadows premises during the trailing two-lease-year period. We may be required to pay an increase in Meadows Lease percentage rent based on increases in net revenues without a corresponding increase in Meadows  profits. 

New Developments-If we develop, build or acquire a new facility which is located within a 60 mile radius of a facility that is subject to the Master Lease, the annual percentage rent due from the affected existing facility subject to the Master Lease may thereafter be subject to a floor. Therefore, our percentage rent may not decline as a result of a subsequent decline in revenues at the leased properties. If we develop, build or acquire a new facility which is located within a 25 mile radius of the Meadows (excluding the Harmar off-track betting facility, but only for so long as we are not eligible to operate slot machines or gaming tables within the Harmar facility), the annual percentage rent due under the Meadows Lease may thereafter be subject to a floor. 

Guaranty by Parent-In connection with certain assignments of the Master Lease, the ultimate parent company of such assignee of the Master Lease must execute a guaranty and shall be required to be solvent. In connection with certain assignments of the Meadows Lease or change of control transactions, the ultimate parent company of such assignee of the Meadows Lease or person acquiring control must execute a guaranty of the Meadows Lease. 
       
  Such requirement may limit our ability to freely assign the Leases or pursue certain transactions. 

Lease Guaranties-The Master Lease is guaranteed by Tenant s parent and certain subsidiaries of Tenant (the  Lease Guarantors ). A default under any of the Master Lease guaranties that is not cured within applicable grace periods will constitute an event of default under the Master Lease. The Meadows Lease is guaranteed by Pinnacle. 

Cross-Defaults-If we or any of the Lease Guarantors fail to pay or bond final judgments aggregating in excess of $100 million, and such judgments are not discharged, waived or stayed within 45 days, an event of default will arise under the Master Lease. 

GLPI s Mortgage Financing-We and the Lease Guarantors have agreed to satisfy certain non-monetary obligations that may be imposed if GLPI mortgages the properties that are subject to the Master Lease. These non-monetary mortgage obligations may include, among other similar items, compliance with covenants related to the maintenance and repair of such properties, the procurement of insurance policies, and the operation of the properties in compliance with the mortgage documents; provided, that such obligations cannot adversely increase our non-monetary obligations under the Master Lease or diminish our rights under the Master Lease, each in any material respect. A default by us or the Lease Guarantors under these nonmonetary obligations that results in an acceleration of GLPI s mortgage financing will constitute an event of default under the Master Lease. We have agreed to satisfy the same types of non-monetary obligations that may be imposed if the lessor entities under the Meadows Lease or their affiliates mortgage the properties that are subject to the Meadows Lease, subject to similar limitations. 

Effect of End of Term or Not Renewing the Leases-If we do not renew the Master Lease at the stipulated renewals or we do not enter into a new Master Lease at the end of the term, we will be required to sell the business of Tenant. If we cannot agree upon acceptable terms of sale with a qualified successor tenant within a three month period after potential successive tenants are identified, GLPI will select the successor tenant to purchase our business through a competitive auction. If this occurs, we will be required to transfer our business to the highest bidder at the auction, subject to regulatory approvals. The Meadows Lease contains a similar provision with respect to the operating business of the Meadows if we do not renew the Meadows Lease at the stipulated renewals or we do not enter into a new Meadows Lease at the end of the term. 

Accounting Treatment-The Master Lease does not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, which results in the Master Lease being presented as a financing obligation in our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. As a result, our financial statements look materially different than the financial statements would have looked had the Master Lease qualified for sale-leaseback accounting treatment, which could impact the demand for our common stock. The Meadows Lease is accounted for as an operating lease; thereby, rent expense is recorded on a straight-line basis using the minimum lease payments over the lease term, which has been determined to be 10 years. 

51 

Table of Contents  

Substantially all of our gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with GLPI, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
    
  We lease fourteen of the gaming facilities we operate pursuant to the Master Lease with GLPI and we lease the Meadows Racetrack and Casino pursuant to the Meadows Lease with GLPI. The Leases provide that GLPI may terminate each Lease for a number of reasons, including, subject to applicable cure periods, the default in any payment of rent, taxes or other payment obligations or the breach of any other covenant or agreement in the lease. Termination of either of the Leases could result in a default under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to comply with our obligations under the Leases in the future.  
    
  Each of the Leases is a  triple-net lease.  Accordingly, in addition to rent, we are required to pay among other things the following: (i) all facility maintenance, (ii) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, (iii) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor) and (iv) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. We are responsible for incurring the costs described in the preceding sentence notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall in part accrue to GLPI as owner of the associated facilities. 
    
  In addition, if some of our leased facilities should prove to be unprofitable, we could remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations under the Leases even if we decided to withdraw from those locations. We could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including lease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The following table contains information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of Pinnacle or any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) (3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of our common stock during our third quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

(1) 
    Average price paid per share for shares purchased as part of our share repurchase program (includes brokerage commissions). 
              (2) 
    As announced on May 27, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program of up to $50.0 million of our common stock, which we completed in July 2016 having repurchased a total of   4.5 million   shares of our common stock under the program. 
              (3) 
    In August 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to $50.0 million of our common stock. As of November 9, 2016, under the current share repurchase program, we have repurchased   1.7 million   shares of our common stock for   $20.1 million  . 

52 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.     Exhibits 

53 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description of Exhibit 
      10.1 
      
    Lease dated September 9, 2016, by and between PNK Development 33, LLC, PA Meadows, LLC, WTA II, Inc., 
  and CCR Pennsylvania Racing, Inc. is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2016.  (SEC File No. 001-37666) 

11* 
      
    Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings. 

31.1* 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2* 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32** 
      
    Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101* 
      
    Financial statements from Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language):  
   (i) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations,   
   (ii) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss),  
   (iii) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets,   
   (iv) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (Deficit),   
   (v) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and   
   (vi) 
  Notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  .  

________________ 
                   * 
      
    Filed herewith. 
      ** 
      
    Furnished herewith. 

Exhibits have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 

54 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
  (Registrant) 
      Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By:   
    /s/ Carlos A. Ruisanchez   

Carlos A. Ruisanchez 

President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description of Exhibit 
      10.1 
      
    Lease dated September 9, 2016, by and between PNK Development 33, LLC, PA Meadows, LLC, WTA II, Inc., 
  and CCR Pennsylvania Racing, Inc. is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2016.  (SEC File No. 001-37666) 

11* 
      
    Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings. 

31.1* 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2* 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32** 
      
    Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101* 
      
    Financial statements from Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language):  
   (i) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations,   
   (ii) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss),  
   (iii) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets,   
   (iv) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (Deficit),   
   (v) 
  unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and   
   (vi) 
  Notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  .  

________________ 
                   * 
      
    Filed herewith. 
      ** 
      
    Furnished herewith. 

Exhibits have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 

<EX-2.3>
 2
 exhibit23093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 2.3

EX-2.3 

Exhibit 2.3   
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER LEASE   
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER LEASE (this   Amend  ment  ) is made and effective as of August 29, 2016 (the
  Effective Date  ), by and between GOLD MERGER SUB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an office at c/o Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc., 825 Berkshire Blvd., Suite 400, Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610, as landlord
(together with its permitted successors and assigns,   Landlord  ), and PINNACLE MLS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an office at 3980 Howard Hughes Parkway, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169, as tenant (together with its
permitted successors and assigns,   Tenant  ).     W I T N E S S E T H:   
 WHEREAS, Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. (  Pinnacle  ), as landlord, and Tenant, as tenant, entered into that certain Master
Lease, dated as of April 28, 2016 (the   Master Lease   capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Master Lease);  
 WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2015, by and among Pinnacle, Landlord, and Gaming and Leisure
Properties, Inc. (  GLPI  ), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 25, 2016, by and among Pinnacle, Landlord, and GLPI, Pinnacle merged with and into Landlord on April 28, 2016,
and Pinnacle s interest in the Master Lease was transferred to Landlord by operation of law;    WHEREAS, Pinnacle, PNK Entertainment,
Inc. (  PNK  ), and GLPI entered into that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2016 (the   SDA  ), to effect the Reorganization and the Distribution (each as defined in the SDA);  
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.5(b) of the SDA, PNK caused its subsidiary, Ameristar Casino Council Bluffs, LLC, to execute and deliver a
quitclaim deed, dated as of the Effective Date (the   Original Council Bluffs Deed  ), in favor of Landlord for certain Pinnacle Real Property (as defined in the SDA) located in the City of Council Bluffs, Iowa;  
 WHEREAS, a portion of the Pinnacle Real Property located in the City of Council Bluffs, Iowa (the   Additional Council Bluffs
Property  ) was not included in the Original Council Bluff Deed and, pursuant to Section 6.1 of the SDA, PNK caused Ameristar Casino Council Bluffs, LLC to execute and deliver an additional quitclaim deed, dated as of the date hereof, in
favor of Landlord for the Additional Council Bluffs Property;    WHEREAS, the legal description in the Master Lease for the portion of the
Pinnacle Real Property located in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri (the   Kansas City Property  ) contained a scrivener s error; and  
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant each desire to amend the Master Lease to amend   Exhibit B   attached thereto to (i) add the legal
description of the Additional Council Bluffs Property and (ii) correct the legal description of the Kansas City Property, as more fully described herein.  

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the provisions set forth in the Master Lease as amended by
this Amendment, including, but not limited to, the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained therein and herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby respectively
acknowledged, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof and hereof, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree that the Master Lease shall be amended as follows:  
  ARTICLE I      AMENDMENT OF
EXHIBIT B TO THE MASTER LEASE     1.1 The parties hereby agree that   Exhibit B   of the Master Lease shall be amended as
follows:    (a) On page B-28 of   Exhibit B   and with respect to   Ameristar Council Bluffs  , the following text
shall be inserted as a new paragraph after the end of the last paragraph of the legal description on page B-28, and such Land described below shall be Leased Property under the Master Lease:  
  Parcel 4:    A part of
Government Lot 3, Section 4, Township 74 North, Range 44, West of the Fifth P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which is more particularly described as follows: Commencing at the East Quarter corner of said Section
4, which is the Northeast corner of said Government Lot 3; thence along the North line of said Government Lot 3, North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 2663.40 feet to the center of said Section 4; thence South 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds
West, 78.27 feet to a point of beginning; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 579.30 feet to the ordinary high water line of the Missouri River as established by the toe of a river control paving structure; thence along said ordinary
high water line South 13 degrees 27 minutes 10 seconds East, 405.25 feet to U.S. Corps of Engineers Control Structure Station 15+00; thence continuing along said ordinary high water line South 10 degrees 53 minutes 45 seconds East, 60.43 feet to the
northerly line of land owned by the Peavey Elevator Company; thence along said line South 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds East, 868.08 feet; thence North 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds East, 450.00 feet; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15
seconds West, 400.00 feet to the point of beginning. The East line of said Government Lot 3 is assumed to bear North-South.   
 (b) On page B-76 of   Exhibit B   and with respect to   Ameristar Kansas City  , the legal description shall be
amended and restated in its entirety with the following legal description:     GAMING PROPERTY  
 TRACT 1:  
      2  

Lot 1,  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay
County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.    TRACT 2:  
 Lot 3, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land in Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.  
 TRACT 3:    Lots 1 to 6, both
inclusive, all of Lot 8, and all that part of Lots 7, 9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee, in Block 40;  
 Lots 1-15, both inclusive (EXCEPT the part of said Lot 14 lying Southerly from the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee), in
Block 42;    Lots 2 and 4 (EXCEPT the part thereof lying Southerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee), in Block 43;
   Lots 1 - 18, both inclusive, in Block 44;  
 Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8, and all that part of Lots 5, 7 ,9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District
Levee, in Block 45;    Lots 1, 2, 3, 7, 10, 12, 14, 16,18 and 20; the West 21.38 feet of Lot 4, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 8, 9, 11, 13,
15, 17, 19 and 21, in Block 47;    Lots 1, 3, 5, 7, 9 and 11, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12, in Block 48;  
 Together with:    All vacated
alleys or portions thereof which lie adjacent to said lots or portions of lots.    Vacated Third (3rd) Street lying between the East line of
Liberty Street and the extended East line of said West portion of said Lot 4, in Block 47;    All of vacated Cherry street, Vine Street and
Hickory Street lying between the South line of Third (3rd) Street and the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee;    All of
vacated Second (2nd) Street lying between the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee and the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 2, in said Block 48;  
      3  

All of vacated Main Street lying East of the Northerly line of said Birmingham Drainage District
Levee and West of the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 12, in said Block 48;    All in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision in
the Village of Randolph, Clay County, Missouri; EXCEPT from the foregoing Tract 3 the following described property conveyed to Kansas City Power   Light Company by Special Warranty Deed recorded in Book 2620, Page 663 as Document No. N20860 in
the Official Records of Clay County, Missouri;    All that part of Block 40 and 42, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Village of Randolph, Clay
County, Missouri, together with portions of the vacated alleys, Cherry Street and Second (2nd) Street that lies within the following property:  
 Beginning at the Northerly right of way line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee as described in Book 470, Page 522 in the Clay County
Recorder of Deeds Office and the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence North 0 degrees 45 minutes 58 seconds East along said Westerly line of Block 40, 248.69 feet; thence North 82 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds East, 71.54 feet; thence
South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East parallel to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet; thence South 16 degrees 00 minutes 20 seconds West, 269.00 feet to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way; thence North 73 degrees 59 minutes
40 seconds West along said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet to the point of beginning.    TRACT 4:  
 Lot 2, of  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded
plat thereof.    TRACT 5:    A
tract of land being part of Blocks 47 - 50 of  THE PLAN OF RANDOLPH , a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri, and a part of the South One Half of the Southwest Quarter of Section 10, Township 50, Range 32 and a part of the North
One Half of the Northwest Quarter of Section 15, Township 50, Range 32, all being located in said Clay County, and more particularly described as follows: Commencing at the Southwest corner of the Southeast Quarter of the Southwest Quarter of said
Section 10, Township 50, Rage 32 said point also being the Southeast corner of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  thence South 89 degrees 29 minutes 02 seconds East (South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds Deed) a distance of 202.28 feet to the True
Point of Beginning of the tract of land to be herein conveyed; thence North 0 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds East (North 00 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds Deed) parallel with the West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1082.25
feet (1082.72 Deed) to a point on the centerline of Birmingham Road; thence South 80 degrees 42 minute 36 seconds West (80 degrees 42 minutes 29 seconds West Deed) a distance of 205.16 feet (205.15 Deed) to a point on said West line of said Quarter,
Quarter Section of  
      4  

land; thence South 81 degrees 42 minutes 58 seconds West (South 81 degrees 35 minutes 00 seconds West Deed) and continuing along said center line of said Birmingham Road a distance of 301.11 feet
(301.20 Deed); thence South 00 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds West Deed) parallel with the West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1001.24 feet (1001.56 Deed) to a point on the
South line of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  said point also being on the North line of said Northwest Quarter of said Section 15; thence South 0 degrees 29 minutes 26 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds West Deed) a distance of
94.08 feet (93.90 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right of way line of New Levee as described in Document No. A-302951 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County, Missouri; thence South 62 degrees 47 minutes 24 seconds East (South 62
degrees 50 minutes 31 seconds Deed) along said Northerly right of way a distance of 560.49 feet (560.46 Deed); thence North 00 degrees 23 minutes 23 seconds East (North 0 degree 17 minutes 59 seconds East Deed) parallel with the West line of the
Northeast Quarter of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 15 a distance of 345.87 feet (345.78 Deed) to the Point of beginning.    EXCEPT:
All that part of the above described property being platted as Lot 2, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri.  
 TRACT 6:    Leasehold Estate as
created by Lease Agreement notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995 as Document No.
M-62089 in Book 2462 at Page 724.    Lessee s Interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification, Confirmation,
Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March 26, 1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at page 788.    Assignment of Lessee s
interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.  
 Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle
Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016, filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.  
 Gold Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;  
 As to the following tract:  
      5  

A tract of land in the South 1/2 of Section 10, T50N, R32W and part of fractional Section 15,
T50N, R32W and part of the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Clay County, Missouri more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a point on the South line of said Section 10, which is 441.63 feet (442.1 Deed) West of the Southeast Corner of said Section 10;
Thence South 89 degrees 09 minutes 01 seconds East (South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds East Deed) a distance of 50.88 feet to a point on the Westerly right-of-way line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St Paul; and Pacific Railroad, and the Chicago
Rock Island and Pacific Railroads; thence South 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West (South 45 degrees 35 minutes 24 seconds West Deed) along the said right-of-way, 2336.75 feet (2336.29 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right-of-way line of the
new levee WHICH IS THE TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence North 45 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds West (North 45 degrees 22 minutes 17 seconds West Deed) along Northeasterly right-of-way line of the new levee, as described in Document No. A-032951 in
the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County, Missouri, 895.03 feet (886.59 Deed) to a point of curve; thence along a curve to the left having a radius of 3354.35 feet and a central angle of 17 degrees 24 minutes 55 seconds a distance of 1019.57
feet; thence North 62 degrees 27 minutes 23 seconds West (North 62 degrees 47 minutes 12 seconds West on Deed) along said levee right-of-way, 763.50 feet; thence south 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri
River; thence downstream in a Southeasterly direction along said low water mark to a point South 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West of the True Point of Beginning; thence North 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds East to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING.
   TRACT 7:    Leasehold Estate
as created by the Lease Agreement notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995, as
Document No. M-62089 in Book .2462 at Page 724.    Lessee s interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification,
Confirmation, Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March 26, 1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at Page 788.    Assignment of
Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.  
 Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle
Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016, filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.  
      6  

Gold Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at
Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;    As to the following tract:  
 Commencing at a point where the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH, intersects with the Northerly right of way line of Birmingham
Drainage District Levee; thence South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East along said right-of -way 659.49 feet; thence South 56 degrees 59 minutes 49 seconds East along said right-of-way 220.52 feet; thence South 62 degrees 43 minutes 15 seconds
East along said right-of-way 607.23 feet; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri River, thence upstream in a Northwesterly direction along the low water mark of the Missouri River to a point where
said low water mark intersects with the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence Northerly along the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH, to the Point of Beginning.  
 WETLANDS PROPERTY (Tracts 8   9):  
 TRACT 8:    The South 30 acres of
the Southeast Quarter of the Northeast Quarter of Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, in Jackson County, Missouri, EXCEPT that part taken by Corp of Engineers, U.S. Army In Civil Action No. 11247.  
 TRACT 9:    The Northeast Quarter
of the Southeast Quarter of Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, Jackson County, Missouri; EXCEPT that part lying South of the Missouri River, all of said Quarter Quarter Section being subject to a perpetual easement granted to the United States of
America over and across said land, as created under instrument designated  Easement  filed under Document No. 685882 in Book 1316 at Page 492.  
 TRACT 10:    Parcel 1: 
 AN UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:  
 All of Block 41, lying South of the Southerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in
Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 2: 
 AN UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:  
      7  

All of Blocks 38, 39, 43 and 45, EXCEPT Lots 18 and 20, of Block 39, lying South of the Southerly
line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee, all in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 3:
   Also; All of Block 94, lying South and West of the Southerly and Westerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee in NORTH KANSAS
CITY IMPROVEMENT COMPANY S FIRST ADDITION TO RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.     1.2 For the avoidance
of any doubt, the parties hereby agree that the attached   Exhibit B   incorporates and reflects the amendments set forth in  Section 1.1  above and may be attached and affixed to the Master Lease as an amended and restated
  Exhibit B  .     ARTICLE II   
  AMENDMENT TO MEMORANDUM OF LEASE     Landlord
and Tenant shall enter into one or more amendments to any memorandum of lease which may be been recorded in accordance with Article XXXIII of the Master Lease, in form suitable for recording in each county in which a Leased Property is located which
amendment is pursuant to this Amendment. Tenant shall pay all costs and expenses of recording any such amendment to memorandum of lease and shall fully cooperate with Landlord in removing from record any such memorandum of lease upon the
expiration or earlier termination of the Term with respect to the applicable Facility.     ARTICLE III   
  AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AMENDMENT     Each
party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) this Amendment and all other documents executed or to be executed by it in connection herewith have been duly authorized and shall be binding upon it; (ii) it is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation and is duly authorized and qualified to perform this Amendment and the Master Lease, as amended hereby, within the State(s) where any portion of the Leased Property is located, and
(iii) neither this Amendment or the Master Lease, as amended hereby, nor any other document executed or to be executed in connection herewith, violates the terms of any other agreement of such party.  
  ARTICLE IV   
  MISCELLANEOUS     4.1
 Costs and Expenses; Fees . Each party shall be responsible for and bear all of its own expenses incurred in connection with pursuing or consummating this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, including, but not
limited to, fees and expenses, legal counsel, accountants, and other facilitators and advisors.  
      8  

4.2  Choice of Law and Forum Selection Clause . This Amendment shall be construed and
interpreted, and the rights of the parties shall be determined, in accordance with the substantive Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof or of any other jurisdiction  
 4.3  Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures . This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. In proving this Amendment, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforcement is
sought. Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile or pdf signature and such facsimile or pdf signature shall be deemed an original.  
 4.4  No Further Modification . Except as modified hereby, the Master Lease remains in full force and effect.  
 [ S IGNATURE  P AGE   TO  F OLLOW    ]  
      9  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each of the
undersigned as of the date first above written.       

LANDLORD:   

GOLD MERGER SUB, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Brandon J. Moore   
 
 Name: 
   
 Brandon J. Moore  
 
 Title: 
   
 Secretary  
 
  [Signatures continue on following page]  
        Signature Page
to First Amendment to Master Lease    

TENANT:   

PINNACLE MLS, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Carlos A. Ruisanchez   
 
 Name: 
   
 Carlos A. Ruisanchez  
 
 Title: 
   
 President and Secretary  

Signature Page
to First Amendment to Master Lease    

EXHIBIT B   
 LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS    See attached.  

Ameristar Casino Black Hawk    
 Lot 1, St. Moritz Resort and Casino, Filing No. 1, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being more particularly described as follows:  
 A tract of land in the south one-half of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th p.m., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado,
being a part of the Huddleston Extension, the Elephant Lode, the Eagle Nest Lode, and certain tracts on the West Side of Richman Street, all being part of the lands described in Book 627, Page 226; and in Book 627, Page 228; and in Book 627, Page
230; and in Book 627, Page 232; and in Book 627, Page 237; and in Book 627, Page 241, and in Book 627, Page 254, and in Book 628, Page 35, more particularly described as follows:  
 Beginning at a point which bears N 42 06 59  E, a distance of 628.59 feet from Corner No. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5664;
thence along the following courses: thence S 00 45 35  E., a distance of 177.47 feet to a point; thence on a non-tangent curve to the right containing a central angle of 35 49 51 , a radius of 255.50 feet, an arc
length of 159.78 feet, a chord bearing of S. 17 09 20  W., a chord distance of 157.19 feet to a point; thence S. 64 30 00  W., a distance of 75.71 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the right containing a central angle
of 10 53 05 , a radius of 1298.20 feet, an arc length of 246.63 feet, a chord bearing of N. 56 49 58  W., a chord distance of 246.26 feet to a point; thence N. 51 27 30  W, a distance of 241.02 feet to a
point; thence N. 29 11 40  E., a distance of 12.36 feet to a point; thence N. 53 19 44  W., a distance of 117.41 feet to a point; thence N. 52 30 00  E., a distance of 571.84 feet to a point; thence S.
17 13 38  E., a distance of 79.93 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the left containing a central angle of 10 02 07 , a radius of 219.50 feet, an arc length of 38.45 feet, a chord bearing S. 22 14 42 
E., a chord distance of 38.40 feet to a point; thence S. 27 15 45  E, a distance of 181.68 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the right containing a central angle of 26 30 10 , a radius of 180.50 feet, an arc length of
83.49 feet, a chord bearing of S 14 00 40  E., a chord distance of 82.75 feet to the point of beginning, Excepting therefrom, any portion of the above land conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at
Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel R:  
 Tract of land situate on the east side of Richman Street in the City of Black Hawk, described as follows: Starting at Highway #119 right-of-way monument
station 842+40; thence N. 23 21 40  W., 142.92 feet to the northwest corner of tract described in Book 279 at Page 221; thence N. 13 46 40  E., 125.23 feet to the point of beginning on the north line of tract #4 described
in Book 269 at Page 309, hence by record the Jennie Blanche. Mineral Survey No. 551, cor. #4 bears S. 4 07 40  E., 34.8 feet and a wall corner bears east 1.6 feet; thence N 3 03  W., 66.55 feet along
 
      Ex. B-1  

wall line; thence N. 1 40 40  E., 45.44 feet along wall line; thence 90 00 00  E., 100 feet; thence S. 1 40 40  W., 45.44 feet; thence S 3 03 
E., 66.55 feet; thence N 90 00 00  W., 100 feet, more or less, along the north boundary line of tract #4 as described in Book 269 at Page 309, to the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel S:    That tract of land as described in Deed recorded
August 4, 1970, in Book 267 at Page 402, Gilpin County, Colorado, described as follows:    A tract of land adjoining the easterly side of Richman Street,
more particularly described as follows, to wit: Commencing at a point on the northerly side line of Jennie Blanche Lode Mining Claim, U.S. mineral Survey No. 551, 150 feet easterly of corner no. 4 of said claim, thence N 90 00 00 
W, to the easterly boundary of said Richman Street; thence southerly along the said boundary of Richman Street to a   1   2  inch rebar which bears S.
20 24  W., 92.7 feet from a capped marked 4/551, being corner no. 4 of said Survey No. 551; thence S 68 06  E. 77.98 feet to a point of intersection in the westerly end of said Survey No. 551; thence N 19 45 00  W.,
122.45 feet to said corner no. 4 of Survey 551; thence easterly along the northerly line of said Survey No. 551 to the Point of Beginning;    Except any
portion thereof as maybe in conflict with the Bryan tract, Black Hawk City Title, and which may be included within the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel S-1:    That portion of the Bryan Lode or Tract, as
described in Deed recorded November 25, 1898, in Book 135 at Page 274, City of Black Hawk, lying within the boundaries of Parcel S, above, but excepting therefrom, any portion as conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the deed recorded January 5,
2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel T:  
 That part of the Jennie Blanche lode Mining Claim, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 551, lying westerly of a line that is parallel to the end lines of said mining
claim and intersects the northerly side line thereof at a point 150 feet easterly of corner no. 4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode Mining Claim, except that part described as follows: A tract of land in the south half of Section 7, Township 3 South,
Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being a part of the Jennie Blanche Lode, Mineral Survey No. 551, from which Point of Beginning corner no. 3 of said Jennie Blanche Lode bears S
19 45 00  E., a distance of 11.28 feet, and the west   1   4  corner of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West bears N 72 03 49 
W., 3364.64 feet, and corner no.. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5864 bears S.  
      Ex. B-2  

75 48 09  W., a distance of 535.15 feet; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along line 3-4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode a distance of 17.17 feet; thence S 87 50 51 
E., parallel with and 3 feet northerly of a concrete retaining wall, a distance of 6.15 feet; thence S 1 14 25  W., parallel with and 3 feet easterly of a concrete retaining wall, a distance of 15.93 feet to a point on said line 3-4,
the Point of Beginning, And except any portion thereof lying westerly of the easterly boundary of Richman Street, And except any portion conveyed to Richman Properties Limited Liability Company by Boundary Settlement and Real Property Trade
Agreement recorded June 29, 1998, in Book 644, Page 409, And except any portion conveyed by Deeds recorded in Book 644 at Pages 402, 405, and 407, And except any portion conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at
Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Which property, parcels, R, S, S-1 and T, are also described as follows: 
 A tract of land in the South half of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado,
which begins at a point on the east line of Richman Street, and from which point of beginning the west   1   4  corner of said Section 7 bears N.
72 30 37  W., 3271.41 feet, and corner no. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5864 bears S. 67 10 39  W., a distance of 475.05 feet; thence N. 13 21 00  E., along said east line of Richman Street
a distance of 116.56 feet to a point; thence leaving said east line of Richman Street N 90 00 00  E., a distance of 8.06 feet; thence N 3 03 00  W., a distance of 72.83 feet; thence N. 1 40 40  E., a
distance of 45.44 feet; thence N 90 00 00  E., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence S 1 40 40  W., a distance of 45.44 feet; thence S. 03 03 00  E., a distance of 72.83 feet; thence N 90 00 00 
E., a distance of 44.65 feet to a point on line 4-5 of the Jennie Blanche Lode, Mineral Survey no. 551; thence S. 19 45 00  E., a distance of 150.90 feet to a point on line 2-3 said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S.
76 30 00  W., along said line 2-3 a distance of 150.00 feet to corner no. 3 of said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along line 3-4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode, a distance of 11.28 feet; thence N.
01 14 25  E., parallel with and 3 feet easterly of a concrete wall, a distance of 15.93 feet; thence N. 87 50 51  W., parallel with and 3 feet north of said wall, a distance of 6.15 feet to a point on said line 3-4 of
said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along said line a distance of 8.25 feet; thence N. 68 06 00  W., a distance of 77.99 feet to the Point of Beginning, but excepting any portion thereof conveyed to the City
of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel I:  
      Ex. B-3  

A tract of land in the East
  1   2  and SW   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the East   1   4  corner of said Section 7; thence S. 00 12 28  W., along the East line of the SE   1   4  of Section 7 a distance of 605.56 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of the Libra Lode   Dump Site; thence N. 39 25 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 483.30 feet
to a corner of said Lode; thence East a distanced of 191.00 feet to a corner of said Lode; thence S. 39 25 00  W., along the Southeasterly side line said Lode a distance of 1500.00 feet to a corner said Lode; thence West a distance of
191.00 feet to a corner said lode; thence N. 44 00 00  W., a distance of 101.33 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Silver Lode; thence 46 00 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of
250.48 feet to a corner said Lode; thence West along the North line said Silver Lode a distance of 215.98 feet to a corner said Lode; thence N. 61 45 04  W., a distance of 194.02 feet to a corner of the Gertrude Lode; thence S.
62 31 27  W., along the Southeasterly side line said Gertrude Lode a distance of 283.98 feet to a point on the Easterly line of the Chicago Lode; thence S. 9 4 00  E., along the Easterly line said Chicago Lode a distance
of 93.60 feet to a corner said Lode; thence S. 80 06 00  W., along the Southeasterly line said Chicago lode a distance of 294.53 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line said Gertrude Lode; thence S. 62 31 27  W.,
along said Southeasterly line a distance of 357.62 feet to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Highway No. 119; thence along said right of way line and along the arc of a curve to the left, central angle = 4 57 50 , radius =
2940.00 feet, an arc length of 254.71 feet, the chord of said arc bears S. 89 21 18  W., a distance of 254.63 feet; thence S 86 52 23  W., a distance of 85.40 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said
Gertrude Lode; thence N. 62 31 27  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 186.79 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line said Chicago Lode; thence S. 80 06 00  W., along said Southeasterly side line a
distance of 444.61 feet to a point on said Northeasterly right of way line Highway No. 119; thence Westerly along said right of way line, along the arc of a curve to the right, central angle = 4 29 00 , radius = 1273.20, an arc length
of 99.62 feet to a point on the Southeasterly line of the T.I. Richman Tract, the chord of said arc bears N. 79 36 36  W., a distance of 99.60 feet; thence N. 36 06 00  E., along said Southeasterly line a distance of
91.86 feet to an angle point in said Tract; thence N 4 00 00  W., along the Easterly line of said T.I. Richman tract a distance of 1.66 feet to a point on the Northeasterly side line of said Chicago Lode; thence N.
80 06 00  E., along said Northwesterly side line of a 787.50 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Gertrude Lode; thence N. 62 31 27  E., along said Northwesterly side line a distance of 739.19 feet to
the Northeast corner said Lode; thence N. 45 35 45  W., a distance of 80.09 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the South Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 63 59 50  W., along said Southeasterly line a distance
of 750.23 feet to corner No. 3 said Lode; thence N. 26 00 00  W., a distance of 117.00 feet to corner No. 4 said Lode which point on the Southeasterly side line of the Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 64 00 22  W., along
said Southeasterly side line a distance of 361.77 feet to corner No. 2 said Lode; thence S. 76 21 39  W., along said Southeasterly side line  
      Ex. B-4  

a distance of 35.63 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Gilpin County Tunnel or Lode; thence S. 52 18 00  W., a distance of 36.23 feet to corner No. 2 said Lode;
thence N. 37 42 00  W., along the Southwesterly line said Lode a distance of 16.94 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 76 31 05 W., along said side line a distance of
263.41 feet to a point on the Easterly line said T.I. Richman Tract; thence N. 4 39 00  W., along said Easterly line a distance of 136.52 feet to an angle point in said Tract; thence N. 84 58 00  W., along the North line
said Tract a distance of 96.15 feet; thence N. 3 03 00  W., a distance of 67.72 feet; thence N. 1 40 40  E., a distance of 45.44 feet; thence West distance of 110.85 feet to a point on the East right of way line of
Richman Street; thence N. 4 14 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 0.43 feet; thence N. 85 46 00  E., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence N04 14 00 W., a distance of 144.00 feet; thence
S85 46 00 W., a distance of 11.89 feet to a point on the West line of the Klondyke Lode; thence N. 35 26 00  W., a distance of 8.49 feet; thence N. 65 06 00  E., a distance of 10.53 feet; thence N.
23 49 00  W., a distance of 26.00 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Leopold Lode; thence N. 54 34 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 1076.85 feet to a point of the Southerly side
line of the Democrat Lode; thence N. 80 40 00  W., along said Southerly side line a distance of 213.00 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Leopold Lode; thence S. 54 34 00  W., along said Northwesterly
side line a distance of 883.16 feet to a point on the Northeasterly line of the Fullerton Tract; thence S. 31 10 00  E., along said Northeasterly line a distance of 102.90 feet; thence S. 65 06 0  W., along the
Southeasterly line said tract a distance of 100.60 feet; thence N. 31 10 00  W., along the Southwesterly line said tract a distance of 109.07 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Elephant Lode; thence S.
52 30 00  W., along the Southeasterly side line a distance of 10.29 feet to a point on the East right of way line of Richman Street; thence N. 23 49 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 154.38 feet to a
point on the Northwesterly side line said Elephant Lode; thence N. 52 30 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 31.19 feet to a point on the Westerly line of the Prince Henry Lode; thence N. 34 08 00  W.,
along said Westerly line a distance of 68.86 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Lion Lode; thence S. 54 05 00 W., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 18.38 feet to a point on said East right of way line of
Richman Street; thence N. 23 49 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 152.94 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Lion Lode; thence N. 54 05 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a
distance of 180.03 feet to corner No. 4 said Lode; thence S. 69 10 48  E., a distance of 178.85 feet to corner No. 3 said Lode; thence S. 40 09 24  E., a distance of 114.55 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line
of the Black Bear Lode; thence N. 55 52 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 280.31 feet to a point on the Westerly line of the Missouri Lode; thence S. 45 53 0  E., along said Westerly line a distance of
71.34 feet to a corner said Lode; thence N. 54 14 00  E., along the Southeasterly side line said Lode a distance of 45.56 feet to a point on the West line of the Radical Lode; thence S. 38 12 14  E., a distance of 49.38
to corner No. 4 Radical Lode; thence N. 52 06 43  E., along the southeasterly side line said Radical Lode a distance of 462.47 feet to a point on the North line of the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4  of said Section 7; thence N. 86 53 19  E., along said North line a distance of 453.69
 
      Ex. B-5  

feet to the Southwest corner of the SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  of Section 7; thence N. 1 46 45  W., along the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  a distance of 320.31 feet to a point on the Southeast side line of the Radical Lode; thence N.
52 06 43  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 463.02 feet to corner No. 3 said Radical Lode; thence N. 37 53 00  W., a distance of 50.00 feet to corner 2 said Radical Lode; thence S.
52 06 43  W., along the Northwesterly side line said Radical Lode a distance of 426.56 feet to a point on the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 01 46 45  W., along said West line a distance of 512.06 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Champion Lode; thence N.
56 37 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 510.33 feet to a point; thence S. 35 37 00  E., a distance of 1010.36 feet to a point; thence East a distance of 332.26 feet to a point on the East line of
the NE   1   4  of said Section 7; thence S. 2 43 41  E., along said East line a distance of 283.62 feet, to the East
  1   4  corner said Section 7, the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Excepting therefrom that part of the above described parcel described as commencing at the East   1   4  Corner of said Section 7; thence S. 25 56 22  W., a distance of 285.08 feet to the True Point of Beginning; thence S. 24 26 34  W., a distance of 90.00 feet; thence S.
65 33 26  W., a distance of 30.00 feet; thence N. 24 26 34  W., a distance of 90.00 feet; thence N. 65 33 26  E., a distance of 30.00 feet to the True Point of Beginning, as excepted in original conveyance
from the City of Black Hawk to Windsor Woodmont LLC, in Deed recorded June 16, 1998, in Book 643 at Page 443, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, and  
 Excepting therefrom, that portion described as follows (Tank Site):  
 A tract of land located in Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th Principal Meridian, City of Blackhawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado
being more particularly described as follows:    Considering the North line of the Northwest Quarter of the Southeast Quarter of said Section 7 as bearing
North 86 49 50  East from a found US Department of the Interior comer being a 3 1/2  Aluminum cap marked MS 7626 and being South 86  49 50  West, 993.31 feet from the East Sixteenth comer of Section 7 being a found 3
1/2  Aluminum cap and with all bearings contained herein relative thereto:    Commencing at said MS 7626 comer;  
 Thence South 45 37 31  East 819.01 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING;  
 Thence North 38 54 52  East, 170.00 feet;    Thence
South 85 34 06  East, 157.00 feet;    Thence South 22 29 34  East, 300.00 feet;  
 Thence South 70 14 05  West, 35.00 feet;    Thence
South 75 06 04  West, 50.00 feet;    Thence South 83 40 21  West, 95.00 feet;  
 Thence South 88 44 40  West, 95.00 feet;  
      Ex. B-6  

Thence North 55 27 53  West, 35.57 feet;  
 Thence along a non-tangent curve concave to the Northeast having a central angle of 25 05 57  with a radius of 125.00 feet, and an arc length of
54.76 feet and the chord of which bears North 35 21 05  West, 54.32 feet; Thence North 19 43 24  West, 137.99 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Parcel II:    A tract of land in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, township 3 South. Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the Northwest corner of said SE   1   4  o the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 88 01 24  E., along the North
line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  a distance of 443.14 feet to a point
on the Northwesterly side line of the Champion Lode; thence S. 56 17 54  W., along said line a distance of 522.10 feet to a point on the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 01 46 45  W, along said West line a distance of 274.55 feet to the point of
beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel III:  
 That part of the Democrat Lode, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 7626 lying within the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State
of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at a point on the North line said NW   1   4  SE   1   4  which point is the intersection of said North line with the Northwesterly side line of the Radical Lode, U.S.
Mineral Survey No. 211; thence S. 52 06 43  W., along said side line a distance of 170.44 to a point on the Southerly side line Democrat Lode; thence N. 80 40 00  W., along said side line a distance of 325.62 feet to a
corner No. 4 said Democrat Lode; thence N. 9 20 00  E., along the West line said Democrat Lode a distance of 27.70 feet to a point on said North line of the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4 ; thence N. 86 53 19  E., along said line a distance o 451.99 feet to the Point of Beginning,
County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel IV:    The
Mayflower Tunnel Lode as described in Book 605 at Page 14, City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being in the SW   1   4  of Section 8, Township
3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., described as follows:  
      Ex. B-7  

Beginning at the most Northerly corner said Lode from which point the West
  1   4  corner of said Section 8 bears N. 48 48 17  W., a distance of 885.42 feet; thence S. 32 00 00  E., a distance of 151.47 feet
to the most Easterly corner said Lode; thence S. 50 00 00  W., a distance of 871.20 feet to the most Southerly corner said Lode; thence N. 32 00 00  W., a distance of 151.47 feet to the most Westerly corner said Lode;
thence N. 50 00 00  E., a distance of 871.20 feet to the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel V:  
 That part of the Democrat Lode, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 7626, the Silver Dime Lode, City Title and the Prince Henry Lode, City Title lying in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which begins at the intersection of the South line of said SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  with line 4-1 said Democrat Lode, from which point corner No. 4 said Democrat Lode bears S. 9 20 00  W., a distance of 27.70 feet; thence N.
9 20 00  E., along said Line 4-1 and along the Westerly line of said Silver Dime Lode a distance of 247.30 feet to the Northwest corner said Silver Dime Lode; thence S. 80 40 00  E., along the Northerly line said Silver
Dime Lode a distance of 338.92 feet to the intersection with the Northerly line of said Prince Henry Lode; thence N. 54 09 22  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 437.51 feet to the Northeasterly corner said Prince Henry Lode;
thence S. 34 08 00  E., a distance of 22.47 feet to a point on the Northerly line of the Missouri Lode, City Title; thence S 44 07 00  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 121.76 feet to an angle point in said
Northerly line; thence S. 54 14 00  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 273.89 feet to a point on the Northerly line of said Silver Dime Lode; thence S. 80 40 00  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 180.09
feet to a point on the Northerly line of the Radical Lode, Mineral Survey No. 211; thence S. 52 06 43  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 204.23 feet to a point on the South line said SE
  1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7; thence S. 86 53 19 
W., along said South line a distance of 452.99 feet to the point of beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel VI:  
 That part of the Silver Dollar Lode, City Title and the Black Bear Lode, City Title lying in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which
begins at the intersection of the South line said SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  and the Southerly line of the Radical Lode Mineral Survey No. 211; thence N. 52 06 43  E., along said Southerly line a distance of 415.95
feet to a point on the Northerly line said Silver Dollar Lode; thence N. 84 09 00  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 117.83 feet to a point on the East line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence S. 01 46 45  E., along said East line a distance of 150.38 feet to a point on the
Southerly line said Silver Dollar Lode; thence S. 84 09 00  W., along said Southerly line a distance of 60.07 feet to a point on the Northeasterly line of the Leopold Lode, City Title; thence N. 35 26 00  W., along said
Northeasterly line a  
      Ex. B-8  

distance of 107.97 feet to the most Northerly corner said Leopold Lode; thence S. 54 34 00  W., along the Northwesterly line said Leopold Lode a distance of 338.35 feet to a point
on the South line of the SE   1   4  of the NE 12/4; thence S. 86 53 19  W., along said South line a distance of 52.19 feet to the point of
beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel VII:  
 That part of the Klondyke Lode, City Title lying within the SE   1   4 
of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which begins at a point on the South line
said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  from which point the Southeast corner
said SE   1   4  NE   1   4  bears N. 86 53 19  E., a distance
of 1.12 feet; thence S. 86 53 19  W., along said South line a distance of 119.85 feet to a point on the Northwesterly line of said Klondyke Lode; thence N. 54 34 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 101.28
feet to the most Northerly corner said Klondyke Lode; thence S. 35 26 00  E., along the Northeasterly line said Klondyke Lode a distance of 64.08 feet to the point of beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel VIII:    A tract of land located within the South Half of
Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the East Quarter Corner of said Section 7, whence the East Line of said Section is assumed to bear S 00 12 28  W with all bearings
contained herein relative thereto, thence S 58 32 18  W, 2081.46 feet to the Northwest corner of the South Jennie Blanche Lode and the True Point of Beginning; thence along the Westerly and Southerly lines of said South Jennie Blanche
Lode S 26 00 00  E, 117.00 feet; thence N 63 59 50  E, 750.23 feet; thence S 45 35 45  E, 80.09 feet to a point along the Northerly line of the Gertrude Lode; thence along said Northerly line S
62 31 27  W, 739.19 feet to a point along the Northerly line of the Chicago Lode; thence along said Northerly line S 80 06 00  W, 787.50 feet; thence N 04 39 00  W, 71.32 feet to a point along the Southerly
line of the Jennie Blanche Lode M.S. 551; thence along said Southerly line N 76 31 05  E, 263.41 feet to a point along the Westerly line of the Gilpin County Tunnel; thence along the Westerly and Southerly lines of the Gilpin County
Tunnel S 37 42 00  E, 16.28 feet; thence N 52 18 00  E, 36.23 feet to a point along the Southerly line of the Jennie Blanche Lode M.S. 551; thence along said Southerly line the following two (2) courses:  

Parcel IX:  
      Ex. B-9  

Easement for ingress, egress and roadway purposes as conveyed and described in Grant of Easement and Right of
First Refusal recorded April 29, 1998, in Book 640, Page 79, over, under, upon and across those portions of the Leopold Lode, Black Hawk City Title, said Leopold Lode is as described in Deed recorded July 11, 1902, in Book 150, Page 42, County of
Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel X:    Non-exclusive
easement for air space over Richmond Street as more particularly described in the Air Space Easement Agreement recorded November 4, 2009 at Reception No. 140361, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel XI:    Non-exclusive easement for Slope Stabilization
purposes, as more particularly described in the Slope Stabilization Easement Agreement recorded November 4, 2009 at Reception No. 140362, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel XII:    A tract of land in the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of
Section 17, Township 2 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., described as follows:    Beginning at a point on the West line of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4,
which Point of Beginning lies 370 feet North of the Southwest Corner of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 17, and which Point of Beginning is also the Southeast Corner of Lot 9, Colorado Sierra Subdivision Alpha, Unit 1; thence S 82 31 
E, a distance of 502.98 feet to a point on the Westerly line of Colorado State Highway No. 119; thence S 7 24  W, along the Westerly right of way line of said Highway No. 119, a distance of 306.4 feet, more or less, to a point on the South
line of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4; thence S 89 57  W, along said South line of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4, a distance of 464.8 feet to the  
      Ex. B-10  

Southwest Corner of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4; thence N 00 39  E, along the West line of said Se 1/4 of the SE 1/4, a distance of 370 feet to the Point of beginning, County of Gilpin,
State of Colorado.  
      Ex. B-11  

Cactus Pete s    
 PARCEL 1:    LOT 2 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY OF RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2 DESCRIBED ABOVE AND
ALSO TO THAT PARCEL WHICH IS DESCRIBED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THIS PARAGRAPH, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1961, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK
381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    ALSO TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH
IS SITUATE NORTH OF LOT 2 AS SHOWN ON THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT AND WHICH IS SITUATE SOUTH OF DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2-A AND 3 REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF
ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985, AS FILE NO. 202802.    EXCLUDING THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH IS SITUATE
WITHIN DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2A AND 3, REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985, AS FILE NO. 202802.  
 PARCEL 2-A:    LOT 2-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2-A DESCRIBED ABOVE,
LESS THOSE PARCELS WHICH ARE EXCEPTED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636,
OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM ALL THAT PORTION OF SAID LOT LYING WITHIN THE NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW
1/4) OF THE  
      Ex. B-12  

SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.  
 ALSO TOGETHER WITH THOSE PORTIONS OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH IS SITUATE SOUTH OF AND WITHIN DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT
MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2-A AND 3 REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985 AS FILE NO. 202802.  
 PARCEL 2-B:    THAT PORTION OF LOT 2-A OF THE REVISED FIRST
ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220, LYING WITHIN THE NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4)
OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.    PARCEL 3:  
 LOTS 13 AND 13-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO
COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF ABANDONED ACE ROAD, LYING NORTH AND SOUTH OF THE ABOVE
DESCRIBED LOTS AND BOUNDED BY THE EXTENSION OF THE EASTERLY AND WESTERLY BOUNDARY LINES OF SAID ABOVE MENTIONED LOTS    PARCEL 4:  
 LOT 15 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE
OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    PARCEL 5:  
 LOT 17 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE
OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES
ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2-A DESCRIBED ABOVE, LESS THOSE PARCELS WHICH ARE EXCEPTED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THIS PARAGRAPH, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF
 
      Ex. B-13  

NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT CERTAIN PARCEL OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF JACKPOT BY DEED RECORDED MARCH 18, 1976, IN BOOK 226, PAGE 441,
OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    FURTHER EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PORTION OF LOT 17 WHICH IS SITUATE WITHIN THE 60.00 FOOT RIGHT OF WAY, ALONG AND
CONTIGUOUS TO THE EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF U.S. HIGHWAY 93, AS CONVEYED TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY DEED RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 642, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 PARCEL 6:    LOT 17B OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 PARCEL 7:    TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.  
 SECTION 12: NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4); AND THE NORTHWEST
QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4);    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF
SECTION 12 LYING ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCELS OF LAND AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK
381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT CERTAIN PARCEL OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF JACKPOT BY
DEED RECORDED JUNE 24, 1982, IN BOOK 394, PAGE 107, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    PARCEL 8:  
 LOT 1 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF
NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT
AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT  
      Ex. B-14  

DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 PARCEL 9:    LOT 17-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL, AS
ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 FURTHER EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PORTION OF LOT 17-A WHICH IS SITUATE WITHIN THE 60.00 FOOT RIGHT OF WAY, ALONG AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF
U.S. HIGHWAY 93, AS CONVEYED TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY DEED RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 642, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 NOTE: ALL THE ABOVE METES AND BOUNDS DESCRIPTIONS PREVIOUSLY APPEARED IN THAT CERTAIN DOCUMENT RECORDED APRIL 18, 2011 AS INSTRUMENT 639017 ELKO COUNTY
OFFICIAL RECORDS.    PARCEL 10:    LOT 16 OF THE REVISED FIRST
ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
      Ex. B-15  

Belterra Resort    
 Tract 1:    A part of Section 1,
Township 1 North, Range 2 West, located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows: Commencing at the Northwest corner, fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds
East 2801.00 feet (deed); thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 West 1265.00 feet (deed) to an iron bar found being the actual Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 270.00 feet to a P.K. Nail found in the
centerline of State Road 156; thence along said centerline North 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds West, 175.00 feet to a P.K. Nail set; thence North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East, 270.00 feet to a T-Bar set; thence South 88 degrees 41
minutes 00 seconds East 175.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 2:  
 Being a part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West in Switzerland County, Indiana; beginning on the North-South Quarter
Section line at a United States Army Corps of Engineers Marker that is 1,266.73 feet South of its intersection with the center line of State Highway No. 156, running thence South 77 degrees West 198 feet along the U.S. Government property and marked
by an iron stake; thence North 8 degrees West 143 feet to an iron stake in a garden fence; thence South 90 degrees East, 214 feet to the Quarter Section line; thence South 90 feet to the Place of Beginning.  
 Together with right of ingress and egress over the present existing highway leading to and from the above-described tract of land to
Indiana State Highway No. 156.    Tract 3:  
 Being a part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West and part of Section 36, Township 2 North, Range 2 West of the First
Principal Meridian located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and being part of Tract 3 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour Real Estate Partition as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order
Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows: Commencing at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48
seconds East with the North line of said Section 1, 398.91 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour real estate partition and the true Point of Beginning; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 26 seconds
West with the prolongation of the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of said Dufour s partition, and along the West boundary of the parent tract of land (Hunt  
      Ex. B-16  

D.R. 88, P. 50), 14.94 feet to a rebar; thence severing said parent tract of land the following eight courses and distances: North 52 degrees 09 minutes 19 seconds East, 204.19 feet to a rebar;
thence South 86 degrees 28 minutes 37 seconds East, 69.95 feet to a rebar; thence South 86 degrees 18 minutes 27 seconds East, 49.04 feet to a rebar; thence South 24 degrees 23 minutes 06 seconds East, 38.12 feet to a rebar; thence South 00 degrees
06 minutes 26 seconds West, 129.95 feet to a rebar; thence South 43 degrees 29 minutes 26 seconds East, 212.31 feet to a rebar; thence South 85 degrees 14 minutes 06 seconds East, 360.23 feet to a rebar; thence North 83 degrees 22 minutes 31 seconds
East, 151.68 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 2 and 3 of said Dufour s partition, said point along being in the boundary of said Hunt parent Tract of land; thence with the boundary of said parent Tract of land the following three
courses: South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East, 428.78 feet to rebar; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes 57 seconds West, 942.57 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of said Dufour s partition; thence North 00 degrees
26 minutes 28 seconds West with said line, 646.46 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 4:  
 Being a part of fractional Section 1 and fractional Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West and part of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 2
West of the first principal meridian and located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and being part of Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour s real estate partition as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court
of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:  
 Beginning at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, thence with the boundary of the Thomas J. and
Christine R. McClain property (D.R. 88, P. 175) the following six courses and distances: North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East with the North line of said Section 1 and the North line of said Tract 4, 398.91 feet to a rebar; thence South 00
degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4 and the East line of said McClain property, 327.11 feet to a rebar; thence South 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West, 957.20 feet to a rebar; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes
28 seconds West, 324.55 feet to a rebar; thence South 84 (89 degrees per survey) degrees 27 minutes 40 seconds West, 189.39 feet to a rebar; thence North 00 degrees 12 minutes 39 seconds East, 783.23 feet to the center of a creek; thence with the
center of said creek the following four courses: South 74 degrees 45 minutes 05 seconds East, 339.67 feet; thence South 74 degrees 10 minutes 51 seconds East 165.15 feet; thence North 47 degrees 44 minutes 59 seconds East 328.51 feet; thence North
75 degrees 25 minutes 39 seconds East, 19.27 feet, thence South 00 degrees 14 minutes 28 seconds West with the East line of said Section 35 and continuing along the boundary of said McClain Tract, 867.58 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
      Ex. B-17  

Tract 5:  
 Being a part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West of the First Principal Meridian, and located in York Township of
Switzerland County, Indiana and being part of Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour real estate partition as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853
in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:    Commencing at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1
North, Range 2 West, thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East with the North line of said Section 1 and the North line of said Tract 4, 398.91 feet to a rebar at the Northeast corner of said Tract 4; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28
seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4, 327.11 feet to the Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4 and the East line of the Tom McClain property (D.R. 91, P.
146), 282.00 feet to a rebar; thence with the Southerly and Westerly boundary of said McClain property the following three courses and distances: North 75 degrees 07 minutes 18 seconds West, 156.62 feet to a rebar; thence North 35 degrees 26 minutes
28 seconds West, 103.81 feet to a rebar; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West, 156.35 feet to a rebar; thence North 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East with the Northerly line of said McClain property, 210.60 feet to the Point of
Beginning.    Tract 6:    Being a
part of the Northeast Quarter of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows: Commencing at a corner post at the Northwest corner of fractional Section 1; thence South 88
degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East (assumed bearing), 2801.00 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West, 1168.00 feet to a corner post and the actual Point of Beginning; thence South 88
degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East, 237.00 feet to a stake; thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West, 367.00 feet to a steel nail in the centerline of State Highway No. 156; thence with the highway centerline, North 88 degrees 41
minutes 00 seconds West 237.00 feet to a steel nail; thence leaving the road, North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East, 367.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Tract 7:  
      Ex. B-18  

Being a part of fractional Section 1 and fractional Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West of
the First Principal Meridian located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and a part of Tract No. 3 and Tract No. 4 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the
Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:  
 Commencing at a concrete monument found in place at the Northeast corner of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89
degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds West a distance of 3996.57 feet, passing through an iron pin with cap in line at 2165.72 feet, with the North line of said Section 1 to an iron pin and cap at the Northwest corner of Tract 2 of said Daniel Vincent
Dufour partition; thence South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 646.50 feet along a common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to an iron pin with cap and the true Point of Beginning; thence
continuing South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 929.20 feet along a common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to a railroad spike in the centerline of Indiana State Road 156; thence
continuing South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 1412.39 feet with said common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 to an existing Corps of Engineers concrete monument in the Northern line of the lands of the United States of
America, Deed Book 54, page 144; thence South 88 degrees 39 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 726.36 feet with the Northern line of the Land of the United States of America to an iron pin with cap; thence North 81 degrees 12 minutes 36 seconds
West a distance of 203.14 feet with said Northern line to an existing Corps of engineers concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 1399.32 feet along a common line with the Webster Family Limited
Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 79, and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80, and passing through a steel T-Bar found in place 963.58 feet at the Southeast corner of a 2.0000 acre Tract, to a Steel Nail (P.K.) found in
place in the center of Indiana State Road 156; thence North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West a distance of 957.62 feet to a Steel Nail set in the center of Indiana State Road 156; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of
1220.07 feet passing through an iron pin with cap set in line at 30.00 feet, and continuing along a common line with the Webster Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 79 and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80,
and the line dividing Tract 4 and Tract 5 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour Partition, to an iron pin with cap set by a stone (broken) found in place; thence North 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East a distance of 746.60 feet along a common line with
Thomas J. McClain and Christine R. McClain Deed Book 86, page 175 to an iron pin with cap set in the center of a gravel township road; thence along a common line with other lands of said McClain, Deed Book 91, page 146, the following (3) courses and
distances; South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 156.35 feet to an iron pin with cap; South 35 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 103.81 feet to an iron pin with cap; South 75 degrees 07 minutes 18
 
      Ex. B-19  

seconds East a distance of 156.62 feet to an iron pin with cap on the East side of said township road; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 37.39 feet along a common
line with David and Cassandra Hunt, Deed Book 88, page 50 and the common line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to an iron pin with cap; thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East a distance of 942.57 feet
along a line common with said David and Cassandra Hunt to an iron pin with cap and the Point of Beginning.    Excepting therefrom that
portion thereof conveyed to  Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., an Indiana Corporation , by Warranty Deed recorded April 7, 2000 in Deed Book 110, page 171, being a part of Fractional Section 2, Township 1 North Range 2 West,
First Principal Meridian, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, more particularly described as follows:    Commencing at an iron pin
found at the Northeast corner of Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, Switzerland County, Indiana; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East 327.55 feet to the North line of a 76.268 acre Tract as described in Deed Record 109, page
132 in the Office of the Recorder; thence with the North line of said 76.268 acre tract, South 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West 558.30 feet to an iron pin found next to a stone; thence with the West line of said 76.268 acre Tract; South 00
degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East, 1220.07 feet (passing an iron pin found at 1190.07 feet) to a nail found in the centerline of State Road 156; thence with the centerline of said road South 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds East 15.00 feet to the
Place of Beginning; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West 330.00 feet (passing a 5/8  rebar with cap set at 30.01 feet) to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence South 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds East 140.00 feet to a
5/8  rebar with cap set; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East 180.00 feet to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West 90.00 feet to a 5/8 rebar with cap set; thence South 00 degrees
26 minutes 28 seconds East 150.00 feet (passing a 5/8  rebar with cap set at 119.99 feet) to the centerline of State Road 156; thence with said centerline, North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West 50.00 feet to the Place of Beginning.  
 Tract 8:    A part of Section 1,
Township 1 North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows:    Beginning in the centerline of State
Road 156 at the Northeast corner of the Southwest Quarter, Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; hence South 01 degree 33 minutes 32 seconds West 1064.75 feet to a railroad spike found; thence North 89 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West
214.00 feet to a rebar set; thence  
      Ex. B-20  

South 08 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds East 143.00 feet to a rebar set; thence South 75 degrees 57 minutes 47 seconds West 210.10 feet; thence South 81 degrees 32 minutes 12 seconds West 550.62
feet to a concrete monument; thence South 86 degrees 25 minutes 25 seconds West 568.58 to a concrete monument; thence North 01 degree 24 minutes 35 seconds East 1412.95 feet to a nail set in the centerline of State Road 156; thence along said
centerline South 88 degrees 22 minutes 08 seconds East 1504.80 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 9:  
 Being part of the Northwest Quarter of fractional Section 1, Township North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana,
described as follows: Commencing at a corner post at the Northwest corner of said fractional Section 1, thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes East, (assumed bearing), 2801.00 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence South 02 degrees 55
minutes West, 1265.00 feet to a stake in a fence line and the actual Place of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes West, 270.00 feet to a steel nail in the centerline of State Highway No. 156; thence with the center of said
Highway North 88 degrees 41 minutes West, 350.00 feet to a steel nail; thence leaving the highway North 02 degrees 55 minutes East, 270.00 feet to a stake; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes East, 350.00 feet to the Place of Beginning.  
 Excepting therefrom, a part of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, described as
follows: Commencing at the Northwest corner, fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East 2801.00 feet (deed); thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 1265.00 feet (deed), to an
iron bar found being the actual Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 270.00 feet to a P.K. Nail found in the centerline of State Road 156; thence along said centerline North 88 degrees 41 minutes 00
seconds West 175.00 feet to a P.K. Nail set; thence North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East 270.00 feet to a T-Bar set; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East 175.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Tract 10:    Leasehold estate
pursuant to a certain lease dated December 11, 1998 by and between the Webster Family Limited Partnership and The Diuguid Family Limited Partnership as landlord and Pinnacle Gaming Development Corp. as tenant as set out in a memorandum of lease
recorded December 30, 1998 in Miscellaneous Record AA, page 148, as assigned to Belterra Resort Indiana, LLC by assignment recorded December 15, 2000 in Miscellaneous Record CC, page 182 with respect to the following real estate:  
      Ex. B-21  

Being part of fractional Section 1, Township 1, North, Range 2 West of the first principal
meridian located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana and a part of Tract No. 1 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County,
Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and is further described as follows:  
 Commencing at a concrete monument found in place at the Northeast corner of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89
degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds West a distance of 1140.71 feet with the North line of said Section 1 to a point; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 350.47 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek and the true
Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 3093.92 feet, passing through concrete monuments found in line at 33.25 feet, 708.25 feet, 1202.08 feet, 1773.20 feet, 2393.28 feet respectively and
through an iron pin with cap found in line at 1262.08 feet and a stone found in line at 2747.80 feet, along a common line in part with the lands now or formerly owned by William L. Martin and Vernon Martin, Deed Book 89, page 154 in the Records of
Switzerland County, Indiana, and along a common line in part with the lands now or formerly owned by James O. Chaskel Deed Book 90, page 292 in said records, to a point in the Ohio River and in the Indiana-Kentucky Stateline as established by the
Supreme Court of the United States, October term 1985, No. 81, (see Kentucky s V. Indiana, Orig. No. 81 joint Exhibit No. 50); thence downstream with said Indiana-Kentucky stateline the following three courses and distances; South 75 degrees 07
minutes 19 seconds West a distance of 211.68 feet to a point; South 72 degrees 59 minutes 38 seconds West a distance of 708.68 feet to a point; South 72 degrees 37 minutes 29 seconds West a distance of 159.59 feet to a point; thence North 00
degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 1125.10 feet, passing through a concrete monument found in line at 974.79 feet along a common line with the lands of the United States of America, Deed Book 55, page 7 in said records, to a Corps of
Engineers concrete monument; thence South 70 degrees 43 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 336.38 feet along a common line with said lands of the United States of America to a Corps of Engineers concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 00
minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 1155.39 feet along a common line in part with the lands of Walter and Thelma Earls, Deed Book 95, page 111 in said records and then in line with the lands of John and Dorothy Keaton, Deed Book 96, page 353
in said records, passing through a railroad spike found in line at 90.00 feet and an iron pin with cap found in line at 1125.39 feet to a point in the center of Indiana State Road 156; thence along common lines with the lands of Raymond and and
Evelyn Hatton, Deed Book 82, page 320 in said records the following three (3) courses and distances: North 89 degrees 55 minutes 36 seconds East a distance of 237.00 feet, passing through a steel nail found at 1.08 feet to a point in the center of
said highway North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 367.00 feet, passing through a monument found in line  
      Ex. B-22  

at 30.00 feet, to a found iron pin; South 89 degrees 55 minutes 36 seconds West a distance of 237.00 feet to a found concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a
distance of 1169.05 feet along a common line with the lands of Webster, Dirguid and Showers, Deed Book 99, page 150, Deed Book 101, Page 162 and Deed Book 107 page 112 in said records, passing through a concrete monument found in line at 433.40
feet, an iron pin and cap found in line at 870.84 feet, a concrete monument found in line at 1134.34 feet, to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence upstream with the center of Log Lick Creek and its meanders and along a common line in part
with said Webster, Dirguid and Showers and along a common line in part with Brichto and Stewart, Deed Book 106, page 276, the following twelve (12) courses and distances; North 88 degrees 44 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 103.41 feet to a
point; South 36 degrees 27 minutes 11 seconds East a distance of 183.51 feet to a point; North 87 degrees 03 minutes 47 seconds East a distance of 83.49 feet to a point; North 49 degrees 37 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 138.52 feet to a
point; South 73 degrees 53 minutes 44 seconds East a distance of 205.55 feet to a point; South 68 degrees 56 minutes 45 seconds East a distance of 254.82 feet to a point; South 22 degrees 22 minutes 14 seconds East a distance of 247.58 feet to a
point; South 46 degrees 36 minutes 50 seconds East a distance of 69.18 feet to a point; South 88 degrees 32 minutes 11 seconds East a distance of 51.50 feet to a point; North 36 degrees 59 minutes 31 seconds East a distance of 150.14 feet to a
point; North 63 degrees 41 minutes 37 seconds East a distance of 74.63 feet to a point; North 82 degrees 08 minutes 29 seconds East a distance of 164.08 feet to the point of beginning.  
 Tract 11:    Leasehold estate
pursuant to a certain lease dated December 11, 1998 by and between Daniel Webster, Marsha S. Webster and William G. Diuguid, Sarah T. Diuguid, J.R. Showers III and Carol A. Showers as landlord and Pinnacle Gaming Development Corp. as tenant as set
out in a memorandum of lease recorded December 30, 1998 in Miscellaneous Record AA, page 149, as assigned to Belterra Resort Indiana, LLC by assignment recorded December 15, 2000 in Miscellaneous Record CC, page 181 with respect to the following
real estate:    Being part of fractional Section 1 Township 1 North, Range 2 West of the first principal meridian located in York Township of
Switzerland County, Indiana, and a part of Tract No. 1 and Tract No. 2 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order
Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and is further described as follows:    Commencing at a concrete
monument found in place at the Northeast corner of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds West a distance of 2165.72 feet with the North line of said
 
      Ex. B-23  

Section 1 to an iron pin and cap at the true Point of Beginning; thence South 00 degrees 12 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 159.92 feet along a line common with Brichto and Stewart, Deed
Book 106, page 276 in the records of Switzerland County, Indiana, and passing through an iron pin and cap set in line at 110.00 feet, to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence downstream with the meanders of said creek and along a line
in common with the Webster Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 79 (Parcel One) and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80 (Parcel One) the following four (4) courses and distances; South 49 degrees 37 minutes 18
seconds West a distance of 40.64 feet to a point; South 87 degrees 03 minutes 47 seconds West a distance of 83.49 feet to a point; North 36 degrees 27 minutes 11 seconds West a distance of 183.51 feet to a point; South 88 degrees 44 minutes 27
seconds West a distance of 103.47 feet to a point; thence leaving said creek and in part along a line common with the lands of said Webster Family and Diugiud Family Partnerships and in part along a line common with the lands of Raymond and Evelyn
Hatton, Deed Book 82, page 320 in said records, South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 1266.05 feet, passing through concrete monuments found in line on the South bank of the creek at 34.66 feet, an iron pin with cap at 298.06
feet, a concrete monument at 735.65 and a concrete monument at 1169.05 feet at the Northwest corner of the lands of said Raymond and Evelyn Hatton, to an iron pin with cap set in line with said Hatton and at the Northeast corner of the lands of
Theresa and Mitchell Barnes, Deed Book 107, page 31 in said records; thence North 89 degrees 59 minutes 45 seconds West a distance of 350.00 feet in part along a common line with the lands of said Barnes and in part along a common line with the
lands of John and Carolyn Hendrickson, Deed Book 99, page 48 in said records to an iron pin with cap at the Northwest corner of said lands of Hendrickson; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 270.00 feet along a line
common with the lands of said Hendrickson to a steel nail set in the center of Indiana State Road 156 in the North line of the lands of John and Dorothy Keeton, Deed Book 96, page 353 in said records; thence North 89 degrees 59 minutes 45 seconds
West a distance of 1152.19 feet along a line common with the lands of said Keeton to a railroad spike set in the center of said Indiana State Road 156 at the Northwest corner of the lands of said Keeton and in the Eastern line of the lands of Harold
and Delores Fletcher, Deed Book 96, page 115 in said records and also in the line common to Tract No. 2 and Tract No. 3 of aforesaid Daniel Vincent Dufour partition; thence North 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds West a distance of 1575.70 feet along
a line common with said Tract No. 2 and Tract No. 3 and in part along a common line with the lands of said Fletcher and in part along a line common with the lands of David and Cassandra Hunt, Deed Book 88, page 50, to an iron pin with cap in the
North line of aforesaid Section 1; thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East a distance of 1830.85 feet with the North line of said Section 1 and in part along a common line with the lands of said David and Cassandra Hunt and in part along
a common line with the lands of Miles and Betty Hunt, Deed Book 106, page 236, to the Point of Beginning.  
      Ex. B-24  

Ogle Haus    
 TRACT I:    A part of Fractional Section 23, Township 2 North,
Range 3 West of the First Principal Meridian, located in Jefferson Township of Switzerland County, Indiana described as follows:    Commencing at the
Northwest corner of Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West; thence South 910.80 feet (See Deed Record 71, page 154) to a reference point; thence South 33 degrees 07 minutes 02 seconds East 706.20 feet to a railroad spike, found this survey,
marking the Northwest corner of the McCae Corporation property (Deed Record 84, page 4); thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East along the centerline of State Road Number 56 and the Northern line of the McCae tract 363.00 feet to a
railroad spike, found this survey, marking the Northeast corner of the McCae tract and being the true point of beginning of this survey; thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East, continuing along said centerline, 349.20 feet to a p.k. nail
set this survey; thence South 31 degrees 52 minutes 19 seconds East, coincident with the West line of the David Hankins property (Deed Record 74, page 107) 791.77 feet to the low water mark (elevation 421.00 feet) of the Ohio River; thence South 54
degrees 49 minutes 22 seconds West with the low water line of said river (being the 421.00 feet in elevation contour line) 331.95 feet; thence North 33 degrees 07 minutes 47 seconds West with the East line of the McCae tract 810.80 feet to the point
of beginning, containing 6.261 acres, more or less.    TRACT II:  
 A part of the Fractional Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West of the First Principal Meridian located in Jefferson Township of Switzerland County,
Indiana, described as follows:    Commencing at the Northwest corner of Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West; thence South 910.00 feet; thence South
33 degrees 07 minutes 02 seconds East 706.20 feet; thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East with the centerline of State Road 56, 712.20 feet to a p.k. nail, the point of beginning; thence continuing with said centerline North 58 degrees
05 minutes 00 seconds East 182.10 feet to a nail; thence South 31 degrees 49 minutes 20 seconds East 781.45 feet; thence South 54 degrees 49 minutes 42 seconds West with the low water line of the Ohio River 181.72 feet; thence North 31 degrees 52
minutes 19 seconds West 791.77 feet to the point of beginning, containing 3.2822 acres, more or less.  
      Ex. B-25  

Ameristar Council Bluffs    
 Parcel 1:    A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 2 and
3 and the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way, all located in Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W of the 5th P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, Iowa, which is more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the center of said Section 4, thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary
high water of the Missouri River on the following four courses: (1) N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; (2) N 16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; (3) N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet; and (4) N 19 50 45  W 159.07 feet;
thence N 51 01 40  E 875.20 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 38 58 20  E 581.47 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of Interstate Highway 29; thence S
2 34 15  W 30.10 feet, along said highway right of way line; thence Southeasterly, along said highway right of way line, 303.57 feet along a 421.40 foot radius curve to the left; thence S 38 42 15  E 3.30 feet, thence S
36 47 45  E 334.04 feet, along said highway right of way line to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Nebraska Avenue, thence S 53 12 15  W 229.99 feet, along said right of way line of Nebraska Avenue; thence S
36 47 45  E 97.52 feet, along the Westerly right of way line of River Road; thence Southeasterly along said right of way line of River Road, 49.52 feet along a 246.48 foot radius curve to the right; thence S 53 12 15  W
96.07 feet; thence N 88 08 15  W 924.85 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 81.06 feet to the point of beginning.    Parcel 2:  
 A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 1 and 2 and the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way, all located in Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W
of the 5th P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which is more particularly described as follows:    Commencing at the center of
said Section 4; thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; thence N 16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; thence N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet and N 19 50 45  W 159.07 feet
to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary high water of the Missouri River on the following four courses: (1) N 19 50 45  W 38.38 feet; (2) N 19 46 50  W 313.67 feet; (3) N 19 03 05 
W 160.28 feet; and (4) N 16 25 40  W 92.18 feet; thence N 51 01 40  E 669.57 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 38 58 20  E 568.32 feet along said right
of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 51 01 40  W 875.20 feet to the point of beginning.    Parcel 3*:  
      Ex. B-26  

A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 1 and 2 of Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W and part of
Government Lot 4 of Section 33, Township 75N, Range 44W of the 5th P.M., together with the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which is more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the center of said Section 4; thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; thence N
16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; thence N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet and N 19 50 45  W 197.45 feet; thence N 19 46 50  W 313.67 feet; thence N 19 03 05  W 160.28 feet; thence N
16 25 40  W 92.18 feet to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary high water of the Missouri River on the following twelve courses: (1) N 16 25 40  W 93.61 feet; (2) N 38 23 45  W
224.70 feet; (3) N 31 52 55  W 268.46 feet; (4) N 22 52 20  W 243.24 feet; (5) N 26 00 40  W 202.96 feet; (6) N 29 52 05  W 151.72 feet; (7) N 20 36 25  W 194.23 feet; (8) N
36 06 50  W 115.45 feet; (9) N 26 38 05  W 361.38 feet; (10) N 32 21 55  W 101.05 feet; (11) N 33 55 20  W 116.33 feet and (12) N 28 38 30  W 102.35 feet; thence along the
Southerly right of way of the Union Pacific Railroad N 89 10 35  E 383.85 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence Southeasterly, along said levee right of way line, 168.33 feet along a
562.47 feet radius curve to the left; thence S 38 58 20  E 1725.54 feet along said levee right of way line; thence S 51 01 40  W 669.57 feet to the point of beginning.  
 EXCEPTING from the above described Parcels 1, 2 and 3, that portion of River Road described in that certain Vacation and Re-Dedication filed in Book 78 at
Page 24442 in the records of Pottawattamie County, Iowa.      

* 
 Grantor s interest in Parcel 3 is derived as successor in interest to the Settlement, Use, and Management Agreement and DNR Permit by and between Koch Fuels, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the State of Iowa,
acting by and through the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, recorded August 1, 1995 in Book 96 at Page 2942.      Parcel 4:  
 A part of Government Lot 3, Section 4, Township 74 North, Range 44, West of the Fifth P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which
is more particularly described as follows: Commencing at the East Quarter corner of said Section 4, which is the Northeast corner of said Government Lot 3; thence along the North line of said Government Lot 3, North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15
seconds West, 2663.40 feet to the center of said Section 4; thence South 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds West, 78.27 feet to a point of beginning; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 579.30 feet to the ordinary high water line of the
Missouri River as established by the toe of a river control paving structure; thence along said ordinary high water line South 13 degrees 27 minutes 10 seconds East, 405.25 feet to U.S. Corps of  
      Ex. B-27  

Engineers Control Structure Station 15+00; thence continuing along said ordinary high water line South 10 degrees
53 minutes 45 seconds East, 60.43 feet to the northerly line of land owned by the Peavey Elevator Company; thence along said line South 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds East, 868.08 feet; thence North 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds East, 450.00
feet; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 400.00 feet to the point of beginning. The East line of said Government Lot 3 is assumed to bear North-South.  
      Ex. B-28  

L Auberge Baton Rouge    
   TRACT  A-2-A       A parcel of land
containing 99 acres, more or less, known as Tract A-2-A, lying within Sections 40, 41, 77   78, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, as per the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge)
Partnership Subdivision, Exchange of Property between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F  into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East Baton
Rouge Parish, Louisiana, for PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the Clerk and
Recorder on February 1, 2016 of said Parish, being more particularly described as follows:     BEGIN  at the most Northwesterly corner of Tract
 A-2-A  of the aforesaid record map, said point lying on the northerly right of way line of River Road (La Hwy 327, 80  R/W); thence go South 66 degrees 55 minutes 15 seconds East a distance of 671.79 feet; thence go South
66 degrees 58 minutes 10 seconds East a distance of 206.38 feet; thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left, having a radius of 727.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 04 degrees 26 minutes 48 seconds , Chord Bearing = North 85
degrees 34 minutes 12 seconds East, Chord Distance = 56.41 feet) for an arc length of 56.42 feet to a point of compound curvature; thence go along the arc of a compound curve to the left, having a radius of 440.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 16
degrees 50 minutes 51 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 74 degrees 55 minutes 23 seconds East, Chord Distance = 128.91 feet) for an arc length of 129.38 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 66 degrees 29 minutes 57 seconds East
a distance of 85.86 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 68.64 feet, (Delta Angle = 84 degrees 46 minutes 29 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 71 degrees 06 minutes 48
seconds East, Chord Distance = 92.55 feet) for an arc length of 101.56 feet to a point of compound curvature; thence go along the arc of a compound curve to the right, having a radius of 375.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 14 degrees 25 minutes 09
seconds , Chord Bearing = South 21 degrees 30 minutes 59 seconds East, Chord Distance = 94.12 feet), for an arc length of 94.37 feet; thence go South 14 degrees 18 minutes 24 seconds East a distance of 36.69 feet to a point of
curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 837.00 feet (Delta Angle = 00 degrees 24 minutes 43 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 14 degrees 30 minutes 46 seconds east, Chord Distance = 6.02 feet) for an arc length of
6.02 feet; thence go North 75 degrees 16 minutes 53 seconds East a distance of 74.00 feet; thence go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 763.00 feet (Delta Angle = 00 degrees 24 minutes 43 seconds, Chord Bearing =
North 14 degrees 30 minutes 46 seconds West, Chord Distance = 5.49 feet) for an arc length of 5.49 feet to a point of tangency; thence go North 14 degrees 18 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 24.84 feet to a point of curvature; thence go
along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 125.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 36 degrees 10 minutes 28 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 03 degrees 46 minutes 50 seconds East, Chord Distance = 77.62 feet, for an arc
length  
      Ex. B-29  

of 78.92 feet; thence go North 49 degrees 46 minutes 33 seconds East a distance of 193.21 feet; thence go North 73 degrees 08 minutes 13 seconds East a distance of 131.60 feet to a point of
curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 1130.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 49 degrees 28 minutes 40 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 82 degrees 07 minutes 26 seconds East, Chord Distance = 945.77 feet)
for an arc length of 975.81 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 57 degrees 23 minutes 06 seconds East a distance of 207.16 feet; thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 380.00 feet, (Delta Angle =
32 degrees 40 minutes 54 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 05 degrees 04 minutes 41 seconds West, Chord Distance = 213.83 feet) for an arc length of 216.75 feet; thence go South 68 degrees 34 minutes 52 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet;
thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left, having a radius of 550.50 feet, (Delta Angle = 06 degrees 33 minutes 50 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 18 degrees 08 minutes 14 seconds East, Chord Distance = 63.03 feet) for an arc
length of 63.06 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the right, having a radius of 67.50 feet, (Delta Angle = 81 degrees 47 minutes 08 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 55 degrees 44 minutes 53
seconds East, Chord Distance = 88.38 feet) for an arc length of 96.35 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 83 degrees 21 minutes 33 seconds East a distance of 86.69 feet; thence go South 60 degrees 48 minutes 03 seconds East a distance of
193.02 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 1130.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 27 degrees 46 minutes 00 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 46 degrees 55 minutes 03 seconds East, Chord
Distance = 542.28 feet) for an arc length of 547.62 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 33 degrees 02 minutes 03 seconds East a distance of 116.11 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the left,
having a radius of 2070.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 11 degrees 27 minutes 33 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 38 degrees 45 minutes 50 seconds East, Chord Distance = 413.31 feet) for an arc length of 414.00 feet to the point of tangency; thence go
South 44 degrees 29 minutes 36 seconds East a distance of 145.61 feet to point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 50.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 63 degrees 31 minutes 25 seconds, Chord Bearing
= South 12 degrees 43 minutes 55 seconds East, Chord Distance = 52.64 feet) for an arc length of 55.43 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the left, having a radius of 145.00 feet, (Delta Angle =
23 degrees 57 minutes 43 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 07 degrees 02 minutes 56 seconds West, Chord Distance = 60.20 feet) for an arc length of 60.64 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the
right, having a radius of 75.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 44 degrees 48 minutes 02 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 17 degrees 28 minutes 05 seconds West, Chord Distance = 57.16 feet) for an arc length of 58.64 feet to the point of tangency; thence
go South 39 degrees 52 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 57.76 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 275.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 07 degrees 58 minutes 09 seconds , Chord Bearing
= South 43 degrees 51 minutes 11 seconds West, Chord Distance = 38.22 feet) for an arc length of 38.25 feet; thence go South 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds East a distance of 20.16 feet to the Southeasterly line of Section 41, Township 8
South, Range 1 East, Greensburg  
      Ex. B-30  

Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana ; thence go South 52 degrees 52 minutes 00 seconds West along the aforesaid Southeasterly section line a distance of 1108 feet, more or less to
the mean-low water line of the Mississippi River; thence meander northwesterly along the aforesaid mean-low water line a distance of 3565 feet, more or less to the intersection of the aforesaid mean-low water line and a line, passed through the
Point of Beginning, having a bearing of South 14 degrees 03 minutes 51 seconds West; thence, departing the aforesaid mean-low water line go North 14 degrees 03 minutes 51 seconds East a distance of 863 feet, more or less to the  POINT OF
BEGINNING .      LESS AND EXCEPT        TRACT
 A-3       A 0.145 acre parcel of land designated as Tract  A-3  the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership
Subdivision, Exchange of Property between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F   into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge
Parish, Louisiana, for PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the Clerk and
Recorder on February 1, 2016 of said Parish, being more particularly described as follows:     COMMENCE  at an iron rod on the south side of the
intersection of L Auberge Crossing Drive and River Road (La Hwy 327) where the line common to Sections 41   43, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, intersects the southern- most
existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive; thence go North 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds West along the aforesaid southern- most existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive a distance of 10.16 feet to the westerly right of
way line of L Auberge Crossing Drive (now 30  private R/W); thence, for the following six courses along the aforesaid private right of way line, go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 285.00 feet (Delta Angle = 04
degrees 51 minutes 11 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 50 degrees 15 minutes 52 seconds West, Chord distance = 24.13 feet) for an arc length of 24.14 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 52 degrees 41 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of
47.37 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 70.00 feet (Delta Angle = 76 degrees 33 minutes 41 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 89 degrees 01 minutes 42 seconds West, Chord Distance = 86.73
feet) for an arc length of 93.54 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 50 degrees 44 minutes 51 seconds West a distance of 58.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1515.00 feet
(Delta Angle = 11 degrees 12 minutes 35 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 56 degrees 21 minutes 09 seconds West, Chord Distance = 295.93 feet ) for an arc length of 296.40 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds
West a distance  
      Ex. B-31  

of 48.83 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING ; thence continue North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds west along the aforesaid private right of way line a distance of 63.00 feet; thence,
departing the aforesaid private right of way line, go North 28 degrees 02 minutes 34 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet; thence go South 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds East a distance of 63.00 feet; thence go South 28 degrees 02 minutes 34
seconds West a distance of 100.00 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING.       TRACT  A-3     
 A 0.145 acre parcel of land designated as Tract  A-3  the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership Subdivision, Exchange of Property
between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F   into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, for PNK (Baton
Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the Clerk and Recorder on February 1, 2016 of said Parish,
being more particularly described as follows:     COMMENCE  at an iron rod on the south side of the intersection of L Auberge Crossing Drive and
River Road (La Hwy 327) where the line common to Sections 41   43, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, intersects the southern- most existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing
Drive; thence go North 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds West along the aforesaid southern- most existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive a distance of 10.16 feet to the westerly right of way line of L Auberge Crossing Drive (now
30  private R/W); thence, for the following six courses along the aforesaid private right of way line, go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 285.00 feet (Delta Angle = 04 degrees 51 minutes 11 seconds, Chord Bearing =
South 50 degrees 15 minutes 52 seconds West, Chord distance = 24.13 feet) for an arc length of 24.14 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 52 degrees 41 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 47.37 feet to a point of curvature; thence go
along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 70.00 feet (Delta Angle = 76 degrees 33 minutes 41 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 89 degrees 01 minutes 42 seconds West, Chord Distance = 86.73 feet) for an arc length of 93.54 feet to the
point of tangency; thence go North 50 degrees 44 minutes 51 seconds West a distance of 58.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1515.00 feet (Delta Angle = 11 degrees 12 minutes 35
seconds, Chord Bearing = North 56 degrees 21 minutes 09 seconds West, Chord Distance = 295.93 feet ) for an arc length of 296.40 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds West a distance of 48.83 feet to the
 POINT OF BEGINNING ; thence continue North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds west along the aforesaid private right of way line a distance of 63.00 feet; thence, departing the aforesaid private right of way line, go North 28 degrees 02 minutes
34 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet; thence go South 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds East a distance  
      Ex. B-32  

of 63.00 feet; thence go South 28 degrees 02 minutes 34 seconds West a distance of 100.00 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING.   
      Ex. B-33  

L Auberge Lake Charles    
   TRACT 1   LEASEHOLD ESTATE      THAT CERTAIN
TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN SECTION ELEVEN (11), AND BEING ALL OF LOT TEN (10) AND A PORTION OF LOTS SIX (6), SEVEN (7), EIGHT (8), NINE (9), ELEVEN (11), FOURTEEN (14), FIFTEEN (15), AND SIXTEEN (16) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), AND ALSO IN
THE WEST HALF (W/2) OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), ALL IN TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS TO-WIT:  
 COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST,
CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 170.20 FEET TO THE EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE
NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14;    THENCE NORTH 00  54  47  EAST, ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST
QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14, FOR A DISTANCE OF 30.00 FEET, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE CONTINUING NORTH 00 
54  47  EAST, ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14, FOR A DISTANCE OF 203.97 FEET TO AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE CORNER COMMON TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE NORTHWEST
QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14 AND THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4-SE/4) OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  46  32  EAST, ALONG THE WEST LINE OF SAID SOUTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE
OF 120.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH AND 120.0 FEET NORTH OF THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), FOR A
DISTANCE OF 1735.47 FEET TO A POINT 396.82 FEET WEST OF THE EAST LINE OF LOT FOURTEEN (14) OF SAID  
      Ex. B-34  

SECTION ELEVEN (11), THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE NORTH 00  53 
19  EAST, PARALLEL WITH AND 396.82 FEET WEST OF SAID EAST LINE OF LOT FOURTEEN (14) AND THE WEST LINE OF LOT TEN (10), FOR A DISTANCE OF 1671.72 FEET TO A POINT LYING 463.74 FEET NORTH OF THE SOUTH LINE OF LOT ELEVEN (11) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN
(11);    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET TO A
POINT LYING 596.82 FEET WEST OF THE EAST LINE OF LOT ELEVEN (11) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11);    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, PARALLEL WITH
AND 596.82 FEET WESTERLY OF THE EAST LINE OF SAID LOT ELEVEN (11), FOR A DISTANCE OF 553.77 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  06  42  WEST, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 163.48 FEET TO A POINT LYING 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PERPENDICULAR TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 49  09  02  WEST, PARALLEL WITH AND 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND
CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 867.43 FEET, TO A POINT ON THE LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;  
 THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 63  49  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE
OF 114.04 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 57  18  13  EAST,
FOR A DISTANCE OF 325.84 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 51  38 
18  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 330.17 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH
56  19  43  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 441.64 FEET;  
      Ex. B-35  

THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 43 
18  27  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 350.17 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION
OF NORTH 41  45  57  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 271.08 FEET TO A POINT LYING 600.0 FEET SOUTH OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE FACE OF THE EXISTING FENDER SYSTEM AT BERTH NINE OF THE PORT OF LAKE CHARLES FACILITY;  
 THENCE SOUTH 70  45  08  EAST, 600.0 FEET SOUTH OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE FACE OF SAID FENDER SYSTEM, FOR A DISTANCE OF 2703.03 FEET TO A POINT
LYING 20.07 FEET EASTERLY OF THE ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY, THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH
14  17  53  WEST, 20.00 FEET EASTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY, FOR A DISTANCE OF 629.22 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 75  42  07  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 40.00 FEET TO A POINT LYING 100.00 FEET EAST OF SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL
1 LEASE PROPERTY;    THENCE SOUTH 14  17  53  WEST, 100.00 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1
LEASE PROPERTY, FOR A DISTANCE OF 389.36 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 954.93 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 35  29  11   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT AND 100.00 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE
PROPERTY, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 17  43  41 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 295.47 FEET, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 05  26  03  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 294.29 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF SAID
NELSON ROAD EXTENSION;    THENCE SOUTH 85  04  12  WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, FOR A DISTANCE OF 100.03
FEET TO THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION RIGHT-OF-WAY, SAID POINT ALSO LYING ON THE ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY AND  
      Ex. B-36  

LYING IN A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1054.93 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 35  29  11   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, ALONG THE WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 17  36 
57 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 324.34 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 12  22  49  EAST A DISTANCE OF 323.07 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 21  11  18  EAST, ALONG SAID WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, FOR A DISTANCE OF 398.53 FEET;  
 THENCE NORTH 65  51  57  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 71.11 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 69  27  24  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 134.18 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE RIGHT, HAVING A RADIUS OF
400.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 50  25  21     THENCE EASTERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE RIGHT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 41 
26  10  FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 289.28 FEET, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 89  38  24  EAST A DISTANCE OF 285.43 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, 90.00 FEET WEST OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, AND THE
EAST LINE OF EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND RELEASE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 364.79 FEET;    THENCE
SOUTH 67  38  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 58.81 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 690.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 42  54  26   
 THENCE EASTERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 02  35  26 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 31.20 FEET TO THE WEST
LINE OF THE AFORESAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM IRREGULAR SECTION 38 AND THE EAST LINE OF THE AFORESAID EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND RELEASE;  
 THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, ALONG THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, AND THE EAST LINE OF THE SAID
EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND  
      Ex. B-37  

RELEASE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1071.95 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE, SAID POINT BEING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 2 LEASE PROPERTY;  
 THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID PINNACLE PARCEL 2 LEASE PROPERTY, FOR
A DISTANCE OF 58.83 FEET TO A POINT LYING IN A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 280.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 06  11  05  FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 30.22 FEET, SAID CURVE
HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 08  29  30  WEST A DISTANCE OF 30.21 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF
130.84 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.    LESS AND EXCEPT: THAT PORTION OF TRACT 1 LYING WITHIN THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED I-210 ENTRY ROAD DEDICATION AS
RECORDED IN CONVEYANCE BOOK 3779, PAGE 268, RECORDS OF CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU
CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE/4) OF SECTION 14 AND THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4) OF SECTION 11, ALL IN TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS
TO-WIT:    COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE
(9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, SAID POINT ALSO BEING ON THE SOUTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE;    THENCE SOUTH 88  15  23  EAST,
ALONG SAID SOUTH RIGHT OF WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), FOR A DISTANCE OF 347.41 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 01  44  37  WEST, PERPENDICULAR TO SAID SOUTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF
IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), FOR A DISTANCE OF 264.58 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE  
      Ex. B-38  

210 LOOP, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH 00  55  49 
WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 11.66 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  53  45  WEST,
ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 240.43 FEET;    THENCE SOUTH 80  53  11  WEST,
ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 50.78 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 87  22  07  WEST, ALONG
SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 28.08 FEET TO THE INTERSECTION WITH THE WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, SAID POINT BEING IN A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING A RADIUS OF 370.00 FEET AND
A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55     THENCE NORTHERLY, ALONG SAID CURVE TO THE RIGHT AND SAID WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE SOUTH ACCESS ROAD,
THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 75  58  34 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 490.63 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE;    THENCE NORTH 22 
21  49  EAST, 150.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1039.60 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 67  38  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 90.00 FEET TO A POINT LYING 60.00 FEET WESTERLY OF THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU
CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38;    THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, 60.0 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW
LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1039.60 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 280.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID CURVE TO THE LEFT AND EAST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE AFORESAID SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 549.45 FEET TO THE
POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE;    THENCE NORTH 89  55  55  EAST, ALONG SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE
 
      Ex. B-39  

SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, FOR A DISTANCE OF 98.97 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.      TRACT 2  
LEASEHOLD ESTATE      THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN THE NORTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (NE/4-SW/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP
10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    COMMENCING AT AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE
SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST,
ALONG THE SOUTH LINE OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SAID SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1735.52 FEET TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1791.72 FEET;
   THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11 AND ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF
L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY
LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 125.97 FEET, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE NORTH 49 
09  02  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET EXCLUSIVE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 448.00 FEET TO PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON;  
 THENCE NORTH 64  45  00  EAST, ALONG PROPERTY LINES CONTIGUOUS WITH SAID GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON AND PNK COMMON, FOR A DISTANCE OF 317.95 FEET TO
THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;    THENCE SOUTH 89  06  42  EAST, ALONG THE SAID ORIGINAL WEST
BOUNDARY  
      Ex. B-40  

LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 57.95 FEET TO AN EXISTING 5/8  REBAR;  
 THENCE SOUTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 427.80 FEET
TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.      TRACT 3   LEASEHOLD ESTATE    
 THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN THE NORTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (NE/4-SW/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST,
CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    COMMENCING AT AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER
(SW/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, ALONG THE SOUTH
LINE OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SAID SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1735.52 FEET TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1791.72 FEET;
   THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11 AND ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF
L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY
LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 553.77 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  06  42  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 57.95 FEET,
THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH 64  45  00  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH PNK EXCLUSIVE, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 268.54 FEET TO PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON;  
      Ex. B-41  

THENCE NORTH 22  00  02  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH SAID GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 165.52 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 58  02  34  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 106.98 FEET TO A POINT LYING 105.00 FEET PERPENDICULAR TO THE
ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;    THENCE SOUTH 49  09  02  EAST, 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL
WITH SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 143.56 FEET;    THENCE SOUTH 89  06  42 
EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 105.54 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
      Ex. B-42  

Boomtown Bossier City    
 THE LAND REFERRED TO HEREIN BELOW IS SITUATED IN THE PARISHES OF BOSSIER AND CADDO, STATE OF LOUISIANA, AND IS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
   TRACT 1:      A tract of land located in Section 32,
Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Bossier City, Bossier Parish, and/or Section 31, 32 or 33, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Caddo Parish, Louisiana, being more fully described as follows: Beginning at a found one-half inch (1/2 )
diameter iron rod being the southwest corner of Lot 34, Cook Subdivision as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana; Run thence along the west line of said Lot 34 North 29 36 53  East a distance of
165.24 feet to a point on the south right of way line of Interstate 20; Run thence along said south right of way line South 82 30 55  East a distance of 58.03 feet; Continue thence along said right of way line South
77 46 57  East a distance of 48.93 feet; Continue thence along said right of way line South 83 56 33  East a distance of 91.17 feet to the point of intersection with the southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive; Run
thence along said right of way line South 60 59 55  East a distance of 15.0 feet to the common front corner of Lots 36 and 37 of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along said common line South 28 35 07  West a distance of
228.77 feet to the common rear corner of said Lots 36 and 37; Run thence along the rear property line of Lots 37 through 44 of said Cook Subdivision South 64  50  08  East a distance of 285.30 feet and South 66 27 14 
East a distance of 112.92 feet to the common rear corner of Lots 44 and 45 of said Cook Subdivision, run thence along the common line of said Lots 44 and 45 North 29 39 20  East a distance of 198.95 feet to the front common corner of
said Lots 44 and 45 said point also being on the southerly right of way of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way and front property line of Lot 45 South 60 49 57  East a distance of 50.14 feet to the front common corner
of Lots 45 and 46 of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along the common line of said Lots 45 and 46 South 29 42 00  West a distance of 194.03 feet to the rear common corner of said Lots 45 and 46; Run thence along the rear property
line of Lot 46 of said Cook Subdivision South 66 27 14  East a distance of 53.40 feet; Run thence South 31 17 22  West a distance of 18.33 feet to the southwest corner of Lot 114 Riverside Subdivision as recorded in Book
60, Page 157 of the records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana; Run thence along the rear property line of said Lot 114, South 70 11 51  East a distance of 66.84 feet to the common rear corner of Lots 114 and 113 of said Riverside
Subdivision; Run thence along the common line of Lots 114 and 113 of said Riverside Subdivision North 29 03 49  East a distance of 197.08 feet to the common front corner of said Lots 114 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, said point lying
on the southerly right of way of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way line and the front property line of Lots 113, 112, 111 and a portion of Lot 110 of said Riverside Subdivision South, 60 51 53  East a distance of
192.75 feet; Thence leaving said southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive, run South 29 07 29  West a distance of 165.43 feet, Run thence North 70 11 51  West a distance of
 
      Ex. B-43  

13.30 feet; Run thence South 28 57 00  West a distance of 1,021.25 feet; Run thence North 62 23 39  West a distance of 127.28 feet; Run thence North
64 12 33  West a distance of 101.11 feet; Run thence North 55 10 08  West a distance of 614.30 feet; Run thence North 24 48 49  East a distance of 897.25 feet to a point on the rear property line of Lot 34
of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along said rear property line North 55 33 16  West a distance of 44.49 feet to the point of beginning of tract containing 21.263 acres more or less, TOGETHER WITH all batture, alluvion or riparian
rights inuring to the above described property.      TRACT 2:    
 A tract located in Section 32, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Bossier Parish and/or Sections 31, 32 and 33, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, said tract being more fully described as follows: Beginning at the common front corner of Lots 114 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, as recorded in Book 60, page 157 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, said point lying on the
Southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way line and the front property line of Lots 113, 112, 111 and a portion of Lot 110 of said Riverside Subdivision South 60 51 53  East a distance of 192.75
feet; Thence leaving said Southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive, run South 29 07 29  West a distance of 165.43 feet; Run thence North 70 11 51  West a distance of 13.30 feet; Run thence South
28 57 00  West a distance of 1,021.25 feet to a point being the most Southeasterly corner of a tract of land owned by Casino Magic of Louisiana Corp., said point also being the point of beginning of the tract herein described; Run
thence South 28 57 00  West a distance of 58.09 feet to a point on the high bank of the Red River; Run thence along said high bank the following courses and distances: North 58 06 50  West a distance of 99.46 feet; North
68 39 18  West a distance of 107.65 feet; North 64 46 01  West a distance of 59.95 feet; North 54 59 20  West a distance of 55.60 feet; North 71 05 21  West a distance of 44.44 feet; North
58 35 49  West a distance of 59.16 feet; North 58 34 22  West a distance of 63.52 feet; North 48 22 26  West a distance of 43.01 feet; North 55 16 36  West a distance of 71.06 feet; North
51 27 28  West a distance of 83.50 feet; North 53 26 45  West a distance of 48.28 feet; North 54 43 33  West a distance of 45.27 feet; North 29 51 48  West a distance of 13.25 feet; North
61 25 01  West a distance of 21.70 feet and North 41 39 41  West a distance of 27.81 feet; Thence leaving said high bank run North 24 48 49  East a distance of 64.52 feet; Run thence South
55 10 08  East a distance of 614.30 feet; Run thence South 64 12 33  East a distance of 101.11 feet; Run thence South 62 23 39  East a distance of 127.28 feet to the point of beginning of tract, containing
1.348 acres, more or less.    The following described property described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as
Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:      TRACT 1    
      Ex. B-44  

A tract of land located on Lot 37 and the west 45.4 feet of Lot 38, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier
City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of Lot 37 and the west 45.4 feet of Lot 38,
Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-5, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 19,992.568 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on plat of survey by Aillett, Fenner, Jolly   McClelland, Inc., dated
September 2007, last revised October 25, 2007, a copy of which is attached to the Deed recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana (the  Survey ).  
   TRACT 2:      A tract of land located on the east 4.6
feet of Lot 38 and the west 40 feet of Lot 39, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as
follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east 4.6 feet of Lot 38 and the west 40 feet of Lot 39, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-8, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 9,114.047 square feet, more or
less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      TRACT 3:    
 A tract of land located on the east 10 feet of Lot 39 and Lot 40, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in
Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east 10 feet of Lot 39 and Lot 40, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-9, as dedicated to
the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 12,047.080 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      TRACT 4:
     A tract of land located on Lot 41 and the west one-half of Lot 42, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as
recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of Lot 41 and the West one-half of Lot 42, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-11, as
dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 14,667.508 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
   TRACT 5:    
      Ex. B-45  

A tract of land located on the east one-half of Lot 42 and Lot 43, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier
City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east one-half of Lot 42 and Lot 43, Cook
Subdivision, less Parcel 1-13, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 14,239.267 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
   TRACT 6:      A tract of land located on Lot 44, Cook
Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance  Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as fellows: all that portion of the remainder of
Lot 44, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-15, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 9,249.384 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
  LESS AND EXCEPT FROM ALL OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PROPERTY:   
 The following described parcels described in that certain Act of Conveyance and Servitude Grant recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 319 as Instrument No.
931522 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:      PARCEL 1-3:    
 Being located on Lots 35 and 36, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more
particularly described as follows:    From the Northeast Comer of Lot 36 at intersection of existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run south 27
degrees 39 minutes 23 seconds West, a distance of 16.30 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26 seconds West, a distance of 0.67 feet; run thence along a right curve having a radius of 341.97 feet, whose length is 77.54 feet and whose chord
length is 77.37 feet and bears North 68 degrees 16 minutes 10 seconds West; run thence south 83 degrees 39 minutes 02 seconds East, a distance of 67.23 feet, run thence South 61 degrees 46 minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 15.00 feet back to
the Northeast Corner of Lot 36. All of which comprises Parcel 1 -3, Bossier City Project No. 8-00, containing 0.022 acres or 976.88 square feet, more or less, as more-fully shown on plat of Survey by Aillett, Fenner, Jolly   McClelland, Inc.,
dated September, 2007, last revised October 25, 2007, a copy of which is attached to Act of Conveyance and Servitude Grant recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 319 as Instrument No. 931522, Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana (the
 Survey ).      PARCEL 1-17:    
      Ex. B-46  

Being located on Lot 45, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier
Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows:    From the Northwest Corner of Lot 45 at intersection of Northeast Corner of Lot 44 and
existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run South 61 degrees 46 minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 50.17 feet; run thence South 28 degrees 46 minutes 38 seconds West, a distance of 16.33 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26
seconds West a distance of 50.14 feet; run thence North 28 degrees 39 minutes 32 seconds East, a distance of 16.33 feet, back to the Northwest Corner of Lot 45. All of which comprises Parcel 1-17, Bossier City Project No 8-00 containing 0.0188 acres
or 818.974 square feet; more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      PARCEL 1-22:    
 Being a portion of Lot 34, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly
described as follows:    From the point of intersection of the South right of way line of Riverside Drive and the West right of way line of Kaywood Court,
said point and comer being the point of beginning of the tract herein described, run South 27 degrees 39 minutes 23 seconds West, along said West right of way line of Kaywood Court, a distance of 20.44 feet; run thence North 82 degrees 24 minutes 22
seconds West, a distance of 45.80 feet, to the point of curvature of a curve to the right, having the following data: radius=439.78 feet, chord=North 81 degrees 54 minutes 05 seconds West, a distance of 7.75 feet; run thence in a Northwesterly
direction, along said curve, a distance of 7.75 feet, to the point of intersection with the West line of said Lot 34; run thence North 28 degrees 49 minutes 59 seconds East, along said Lot line, a distance of 19.28 feet, to the point of intersection
with the South right of way line of said Riverside Drive; run thence South 83 degrees 39 minutes 02 seconds East, a distance of 53.59 feet, to the point of beginning. Containing 0.0228 acres (993.177 square feet), more or less, as more fully shown
on the Survey.      PARCEL 2-4:      Being located on
Lots 113, 112, 111, and a portion of Lot 110, Riverside Subdivision, as recorded in Book 60, Page 157 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows:  
 From the Northwest Comer of Lot 113 at intersection of Northeast Comer of Lot 114 and existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run South 61 degrees 46
minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 192.73 feet; run thence South 28 degrees 13 minutes 19 seconds West, a distance of 16.35 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26 seconds West a distance of 192.70 feet; run thence North 28 degrees 06
minutes 11 seconds East, a distance of 16.34 feet,  
      Ex. B-47  

back to the Northwest Corner of Lot 113. All of which comprises Parcel 2-4, Bossier City Project No. 8-00, containing 0.0723 acres or 3150.14 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the
Survey.    AND ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT:    The following described
Tract described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:  
   TRACT 7:      A tract of land located on Lots 110,
111, 112 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 60, Page 157 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all mat portion
of the remainder of Lots 110, 111, 112 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, less Parcel 2-4, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway (and subject to the permanent utility servitude over Parcel 2-4A); containing 31,771.125 square
feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana.  
      Ex. B-48  

Boomtown New Orleans    
  Tract I     A certain piece or portion of ground, together
with the buildings and improvements thereon, which is a part of Lot 16, Destrehan Division, Section 56, T14S, R24E, and is identified as Lot 11-A on a plan of resubdivision of Dufrene Surveying   Engineering, dated January 24, 1994, approved by
the Parish of Jefferson under Ordinance No. 19026 and recorded April 20, 1994 in COB 2892, Page 609, records of Jefferson Parish, and in accordance with a survey of BFM Corporation, last dated May 24, 2001, Drawing No. M-201-001A, Lot 11-A is more
fully described as follows:    Begin at the intersection of the southerly line of Lot 11-A, the northerly line of Lot 18 and a 30-foot railroad right of
way; thence S 72  20  45  W a distance of 1,294.22 feet to a point on the easterly right of way line of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway; thence N 17  39  15  W a distance of 1,652.33 feet to a point; thence N 72 
20  45  E a distance of 1,433.59 feet to a point on the westerly railroad right of way; thence S 16  12  26  E a distance of 650.21 feet to a point; thence S 16  20  32  E a distance of 1,259.00 feet to a point.
   Said Lot 11-A is composed of a portion of Lot 9 and all of Lots 10, 11 and 12 and those portions of Lots 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17, formerly known as Lots X
and Y.     Tract II:     The following servitudes and
agreements as established as follows:    A. Servitudes granted by Numa C. Hero to Howard T. Tellepsen for ingress and egress to Peters Road, dated January
05, 1965 recorded January 12, 1965 as COB 606, Page 514, official records of the Parish of Jefferson, State of Louisiana.    B. Private Roadway Agreement
granted by Southern Pacific Company to Howard T. Tellepsen, dated December 31, 1964, recorded January 12, 1965 as COB 606, Page 516, official records of the Parish of Jefferson, State of Louisiana.  
 (The  Insured Access Agreements ).  
      Ex. B-49  

Ameristar Vicksburg    
   TRACT ONE : Magnolia (Casino) Parcel Fee Simple   
 That tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City of Vicksburg, County of Warren, State of Mississippi, and being part of Section 32, Township
16 North, Range 3 East, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Beginning at an iron pipe located on the Western right-of-way line of Washington
Street (being the same public road known as U.S. Highways 61 and 80 or Warrenton Road) as same existed on November 7, 1992, same lying South 87  35  East, 25.4 feet from Vicksburg National Military Park Concrete Marker No. 389, and from
said point of beginning run thence North 87  35  West, a distance of 25.4 feet to said Vicksburg National Military Park Marker No. 389, which point marks the Southeast corner of the lands presently occupied by said Vicksburg National
Military Park and known as South Fort, same having been conveyed to the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the aforesaid land records, and from said marker run thence along the South boundary line of said
South Fort, having a published course and distance within deed heretofore executed by Rose Supply, Inc. in favor of Magnolia Hotel Company, recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47, of North 74  55  West, a distance of 421 feet, but having an
actual course and distance, as measured between Vicksburg National Military Park Monument Nos. 389 and 388, of North 74  53  West 417.58 feet, but, nevertheless, to Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 388, found at the Southwest
Corner of said South Fort parcel, which point further marks the Southeast Corner of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla Brady by deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of said land records; run thence along the South line of
said Brady parcel and the North line of the lands described herein, North 74  55  West, 240 feet, more or less, to the water s edge of the Mississippi River as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence continue in a westerly direction
to a point where said line intersects the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence in Southerly direction following the thalweg of the said Mississippi River and the
meanderings thereof marking the boundary line between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana, having a published distance in the aforedescribed deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of 555 feet, but having an actual distance believed to
approximate 460 feet, more or less, but, nevertheless, to a point where the Westerly projection of the North line of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Vicksburg Bridge Company by Deed dated June 24, 1944, recorded in Deed Book 242 at
Page 443, (being the same parcel subsequently conveyed by Warren County, Mississippi to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by correction deed recorded in Deed Book 968 at Page 707 of the aforesaid Land Records) intersects the thalweg of said Mississippi
River; thence leaving the thalweg of said Mississippi River and run South 64  25  East, a distance sufficient to intersect the water s edge of the Mississippi River at its Easterly bank as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point
marks the Northwest Corner of the aforedescribed parcel heretofore conveyed unto Vicksburg Bridge Company by instrument  
      Ex. B-50  

recorded in Deed Book 242 at Page 443 and further described within Correction Deed in favor of R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 968 at Page 707, each within the aforesaid
Land Records of Warren County; run thence along the North line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 968 at Page 707, South 64  25  East, a distance of 435.0 feet, more or less, to a point marking the Northeast Corner of said
Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 968 at Page 707 and the Northwest Corner of another parcel conveyed to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 592 at Page 113 of said land records; continue thence along the North
line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 592 at Page 113 and along the South line of the tract herein described South 64  17  East a distance of 175.0 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of
Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80), as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence leaving the North line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 592 at Page
113 and run along the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street, North 20  46  East, 580.21 feet, more or less, to a point, which point marks the point of beginning of the parcel herein described, all lying and being situate within
Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.      TRACT TWO:  Lum-Brady (Casino) Fee Simple   
   Parcel One:      Those portions of Sections 31 and
32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Beginning at a park stone
identified as  Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 379 , which point further marks the Southeast corner of that certain or parcel of land conveyed unto the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Warren
County, Mississippi, by Campbell Development Corporation, et al, within Deed dated December 1, 1989, recorded in Deed Book 882 at Page 233 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, wherein said point is said to lie North 17  22 
30  West, 671.54 feet from the Southeast corner of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, which point is further described as the Southwest corner of a parcel heretofore described as an old
government fort described in Deed Book 92 at Page 248 of the aforesaid Warren County Land Records, same presently occupied by the said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as Louisiana Circle and from said point of beginning run thence along
the South line of said Vicksburg National Military Park parcel and the North line of the lands herein described having a published course within instrument recorded in Deed Book 950 at Page 518 of the aforesaid Land Records of South 68  23 
East, but having an actual course of South 69  40  37  East, but, nevertheless, a distance of 195.13 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as
Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point lies North 69  40  37  West, 17.93 feet from Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 380; run thence along the
 
      Ex. B-51  

West right-of-way line of said Washington Street as located on November 7, 1992, with the following courses and distances, viz: South 07  16  28  West, 80.55 feet, South 09 
24  24  West, 160.94 feet, South 14  39  57  West, 98.08 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found in the North line of that certain parcel described as Tract Two within Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 of the
aforesaid Land Records and being further depicted upon plat attached thereto and further described as Tract Two within Deed in favor Globe Industries, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35 of said Land Records; thence leaving the West line of
Washington Street and run along the North line of lands described as Tract Two within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, North 73  00  West, 51.3 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Northwest corner of said Tract Two described
within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35; run thence along the West line of said Tract Two described within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, having a published course therein of South 20  45  West, but having an actual course of South 21 
16  25  West, but, nevertheless, a distance of 182.97 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Southwest corner thereof; run thence along the South line of said Tract Two described in said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, South 54 
00  East, 52.0 feet, more or less, to the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street as same is located on November 7, 1992; run thence along the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street, South 23  40  41  West, a
distance of 186.95 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Northeast corner of that certain tract of land heretofore conveyed unto Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed dated May 13, 1925, recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 of the
aforesaid Land Records and further described within Quitclaim Deed dated July 14, 1978, recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375; thence leaving the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street and run along the North line of said Mississippi Power
and Light Company tract North 74  30  West, 800 feet, more or less, to a point on the bank of the Mississippi River; run thence along the bank of said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof having an average bearing of North 41 
04  56  East a distance of 424.86 feet, more or less, to an iron found on the top bank of said river marking the westernmost corner of lands described as Tract One in Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 of the aforesaid Land Records
and depicted upon plat attached thereto, being the same lands further described as Tract One within Deed in favor of Globe Industries, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35 of said Land Records; thence leaving the bank of said river and run
along the South line of lands described as Tract One within said Deeds recorded in Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, marked in part by a possession line fence, South 59  10  East a distance of 447.38 feet, more or less, to
the Southeast corner of said lands described as Tract One within said Deeds recorded in Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same being the center line of an ingress-egress easement, 22 feet in width, described within each of said
instruments recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35; run thence along the East line of the lands described as Tract One within said instruments  
      Ex. B-52  

recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same being the center line of said ingress-egress easement, 22 feet in width, North 48  00  East, having a record
distance of 250.0 feet, but having an actual distance of 229.48 feet, but, nevertheless, to a point on the South edge of an existing road marking the North line of lands described as Tract One within said instruments recorded in Deed Book 260 at
Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, which point is further identified as a point on the South line of that certain parcel dedicated for use as a perpetual non-exclusive easement within instrument executed by Martha Ker Brady Lum, et al, in favor
of The Merchants Realty Company, its successors and assigns in title, recorded in Deed Book 350 at Page 382 of the aforesaid Land Records; run thence along the Southerly edge of said existing roadway and along the arcs of the curves therein having
the following approximate chord bearings and distances, (but, nevertheless, following the edge of pavement as same existed on November 7, 1992) which approximate chord bearings and distances are as follows: North 59  24  11  West,
34.59 feet; North 28  05  02  West, 62.19 feet; North 06  11  50  West, 127.04 feet; North 08  59  53  West, 28.84 feet; North 22  10  40  West, 34.54 feet; North 44  06  20 
West, 28.41 feet; North 48  37  33  West, 19.80 feet to the Northernmost corner of lands described as Tract One within said instrument recorded in said Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same further identified as
the Northeast corner of lands described as Tract Four within said Deed recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same further being the Northeast corner of lands conveyed unto C. L. Andrews by Deed dated June 14, 1932, recorded in Deed Book 188 at Page
10, and depicted upon plat attached thereto; run thence along the North line of lands described as Tract Four and thereafter along lands described as Tract Three, each within said instrument recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35, and along the North
line of lands described within said Deed recorded in Deed Book 188 at Page 10, being along the line marked by a board fence identified upon said plat attached to Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199, North 67  00  West a distance of
339.19 feet, more or less, to a point on the bank of the Mississippi River; thence leaving the North line of lands described within Deed Book 484 at Page 35 and Deed Book 188 at Page 10 and run along the bank of said Mississippi River having an
average bearing of North 23  03  09  East a distance of 32.20 feet, more or less, to a point on the South line of lands conveyed unto the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Vicksburg and Warren County, Mississippi, by Deed recorded in
Deed Book 882 at Page 233 of the aforesaid Land Records; thence leaving the bank of said Mississippi River and run along the South line of said lands conveyed by said Deed Book 882 at Page 233 South 68  19  East a distance of 412.36 feet,
more or less, to the aforedescribed Vicksburg National Military Park Marker No. 379 and the point of beginning of the lands herein described.    TOGETHER
WITH all those certain tracts or parcels lying West of the West line of the lands hereinabove described which serves to extend the Northerly and Southerly lines thereof in a Westerly direction to the thalweg of the Mississippi River and the boundary
line between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana.      Parcel Two:    
 That part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
      Ex. B-53  

Beginning at a park stone identified as  Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No.
388 , which point is further described as the southwest corner of a parcel heretofore described as an old government fort described in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, same presently occupied by the
said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as South Fort and which point is further described as a point on the North line of that certain tract conveyed unto Magnolia Hotel Company by Deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of the aforesaid
Land Records and which point is further described as a point on the South line of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla Brady, et al, by Deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of the aforesaid Land Records and from said point
of beginning run thence along the South line of said Brady parcel and the North line of said Magnolia Hotel Company parcel, North 74  55  West, 240 feet, more or less, to the water s edge of the Mississippi River as same existed on
November 7, 1992; thence continue in a westerly direction to a point where said line intersects the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence in northerly direction following
the thalweg of the said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof marking the boundary line between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana a distance of 540 feet, more or less, to a point where the westerly projection of the South line of that
certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 of the aforesaid Land Records intersects the thalweg of said Mississippi River; thence leaving the thalweg of said
Mississippi River and run South 74  30  East, a distance sufficient to intersect the water s edge of the Mississippi River at its easterly bank as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point marks the Southwest corner of the
aforedescribed parcel heretofore conveyed unto Mississippi Power and Light Company by instrument recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and further described within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the aforesaid Land
Records of Warren County; run thence along the South line of said Mississippi Power and Light Company parcel South 74  30  East, a distance of 800 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of Washington Street (being the
same public roadway sometimes known as Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80), as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence leaving the South line of said Mississippi Power and Light Company parcel and run along the West right-of-way line of
said Washington Street, South 22  18  41  West, 54.64 feet, more or less, to a point on the North line of lands conveyed to the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268, which parcel is presently
occupied by the said Vicksburg National Military Park and is known as South Fort; run thence along the North line of said Vicksburg National Military Park parcel with the following courses and distances, each converted from the astronomical azimuths
previously published within said Deed recorded in said Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of said Land Records, viz: North 81  17  West, 283.66 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 386;
South 50  08  West, 268.31 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 387; South 27  48  West, 226.34 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National
Military Park Monument No. 388, which point marks the point of beginning of the parcel hereindescribed, all  
      Ex. B-54  

lying and being situate within Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi. 
   Parcel Three:  Lum-Brady Access Easement     Together
with a non-exclusive easement and right of way thirty-two feet (32 ) in width for the purpose of ingress and egress and for the further purpose of installation, location, relocation and maintenance of utility lines or cables of all types,
including water, electricity, gas, sewer and the like, whether buried below ground or located overhead, which non-exclusive easement is 14.5 feet to the Northwest and 17.5 feet to the Southeast of the following described line, to-wit:  
 To reach the point of beginning, commence at an iron pipe on the West right of way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as
Warrenton Road and U. S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) marking the Northeast Corner of the Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the
land records of Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence along the North line of said Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel North 74  30  West 423.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING of the line herein described; from said POINT OF
BEGINNING run thence South 33  00  West 208.68 feet, more or less, on the South line of said Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel as described within said Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and Deed Book 596 at Page 375 of said land records
and the Southerly terminus of the line herein described, said easement all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.  
   TRACT THREE:   Parcel One:  Morrison (Casino) Fee Simple   
 That part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
 Beginning at Vicksburg National Military Park Boundary Marker No. 394 found at the Northeast Corner of that certain tract of land described as Parcel 2 within
that certain deed in favor of the Vicksburg Bridge and Terminal Company, recorded in Deed Book 180 at Page 561 of the land records of Warren County, Mississippi, which point is further described as the Northeast Corner of lands described as Parcel D
within deed executed by Vicksburg Bridge Company, dated April 30, 1947, recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462 of said land records, into which Parcel D the said Warren County, Mississippi went into possession notwithstanding a scrivener s error
therein contained incorrectly setting forth such point of beginning as the Northeast Corner of lands described in Deed Book 172 at Page 346 and which point of beginning is further described as a point on the South line of Parcel K within said deed
in favor of said Warren County, Mississippi, recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462, notwithstanding the propagation of the same scrivener s error incorrectly identifying same as the Northeast Corner of Parcel 2 of the lands conveyed by
 
      Ex. B-55  

said Deed Book 172 at Page 346 rather than the Northeast Corner of lands conveyed by said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 of said land records and from said POINT OF BEGINNING run thence along the
South line of said lands described as Parcel K into which the said Warren County, Mississippi went into possession by virtue of said deed recorded in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 and along the North line of that part of the Vicksburg National
Military Park known as Navy Circle, South 79  24  East a distance of 30.26 feet, more or less, to a point marking the Southwest corner of that certain parcel conveyed to D. P. Waring and W. F. Hallberg by deed recorded in Deed Book 218 at
Page 47 of said land records, same thereafter having been described as the Southwest Corner of Parcel I within deed executed by D. P. Waring in favor of W. F. Hallberg recorded in Deed Book 296 at Page 208 of said land records and same further being
the Southwest Corner of lands thereafter conveyed to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 592 at Page 113 of said land records; thence leaving the North line of said Vicksburg National Military Park (Navy Circle) and run
along the West line of said Parcel One described in said Waring-Hallberg deed recorded in said Deed Book 296 at Page 208 and, thereafter, along the West line of Parcel Two within said Deed Book 296 at Page 208, same further being the West line of
lands described in Deed Book 264 at Page 219, (previously described in the descriptions of the property herein conveyed as  another parcel owned by D. P. Waring, et al, not recorded ) North 26  00  East, a distance of 334.5 feet,
more or less, to a point marking the Northwest Corner of Parcel II of the Waring-Hallberg parcels described in said Deed Book 296 at Page 208 of said land records, which point also marks the Northwest Corner of said Morrison parcel described in Deed
Book 592 at Page 113 and which point is further described as a point on the South line of that certain parcel conveyed to the Magnolia Hotel Company by deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of said land records; run thence along the South line
of said Magnolia Hotel Company parcel and the North line of the lands herein described and conveyed, North 64  25  West, a distance sufficient to intersect the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the states of
Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence along the thalweg of said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana in a Southerly or Southwesterly direction a distance of 330 feet,
more or less, to a point where same intersects the North line of Parcel 2 extended Westerly described within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 and the North line of Parcel D extended Westerly described within said Deed Book 262 at Page 462; thence
leaving the thalweg of said River and run South 62  11  East to a point described in said Parcel 2 within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 and within Parcel D in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 as the bank of the Mississippi River at zero
contour as of August 1, 1929; thence continue South 62  11  East along a line marking the North line of lands described as Parcel 2 within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 along the North line of lands described as Parcel D into which Warren
County, Mississippi went into possession by virtue of the aforedescribed deed recorded in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 and along the South line of Parcel K within that same deed, a distance of 600 feet, more or less, to a point where same
intersects the said Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 394, and the POINT OF BEGINNING of the parcel herein described, all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East,
 
      Ex. B-56  

Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, together with all alluvions, accretions, batture and all riparian rights appurtenant thereto, it being the intention herein to correct certain deficiencies
in description contained in that certain deed recorded in Deed Book 812 at Page 255 of the land records of Warren County, Mississippi, and to describe and convey all of these lands heretofore conveyed to Vicksburg Bridge Company by deed recorded in
Deed Book 242 at Page 443 and the lands conveyed to Warren County, Mississippi as Parcel K within deed recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462, each within the aforedescribed land records.  
   Parcel Two:  Slope Easement Morrison Support (Casino)   
 TOGETHER WITH THOSE CERTAIN RIGHTS INURING TO THE BENEFIT OF AMERISTAR CASINO VICKSBURG, INC. AND TO R. R. MORRISON   SON, INC. BY VIRTUE
OF THAT CERTAIN INSTRUMENT STYLED  SLOPE EASEMENT AGREEMENT  DATED JUNE 9, 1994, RECORDED IN DEED BOOK 1014 AT PAGE 233 OF THE LAND RECORDS OF WARREN COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI, WHEREIN CERTAIN RIGHTS TO CONSTRUCT AND MAINTAIN A SLOPE PROVIDING
LATERAL SUPPORT OF A STRUCTURAL EMBANKMENT CONSTRUCTED ON LANDS OF WARREN COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI WHICH ARE ADJACENT TO TRACT THREE DESCRIBED HEREINABOVE ARE GRANTED AND BEING FURTHER DESCRIBED AS:  
 Commencing at the Southeast corner of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence South
33  27  20  West, 1862.86 feet to the Vicksburg National Military Park ( VNMP ) Monument #394, being the Point of Beginning of the parcel herein described; from said Point of Beginning run thence South 29  04 
West, 50.00 feet; thence North 61  11  West, 60.00 feet; thence North 82  45  West, 94.63 feet; thence North 43  31  West, 260.23 feet; thence South 62  11  East, 396.26 feet to the Point of Beginning, all lying
in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, containing 0.44 acres, more or less.     TRACT FOUR :
Cofferdam (Casino) Site (Fee Simple)     That tract or parcel of land upon which is constructed a certain cofferdam enclosure extending into the
Mississippi River and being partially within Tract One of the lands hereinabove described and partially within Tract Two of the lands hereinabove described, same all lying and being situate in the City of Vicksburg, County of Warren, State of
Mississippi, and being part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    To reach the point of
beginning, commence at Vicksburg National Military Park Concrete Marker No. 388, which point marks the Southwest corner of the lands presently occupied by said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as South Fort, same having been conveyed to
the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the aforesaid land records, which point further marks the Southeast Corner of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla  
      Ex. B-57  

Brady by deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of said land records; run thence along the South line of said Brady parcel North 74  55  West, 77.53 feet,
more or less, to a point on the easterly exterior face of a cell structure of a cofferdam enclosure located near the east bank of the Mississippi River, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the tract herein described; from said POINT OF
BEGINNING run thence along the easterly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure South 15  00  West, 416.91 feet, more or less, to an iron pin set at a point where said course intersects a line projected easterly from the southerly
exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure; run thence along a line projected in a Westerly direction extending along the southerly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure having a course said to be North 75  00  West, a distance of 255.0
feet, more or less, to a point in the Mississippi River where said course intersects a line projected Southerly from the westerly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure; run thence in a northerly direction in the Mississippi River along a line
projected in a northerly direction which will run along the westerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure North 15  00  East, a distance of 490.0 feet, more or less, to a point in the Mississippi River where said course
intersects a line projected Westerly from the Northerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure; run thence in an easterly direction in the Mississippi River and thereafter on the land comprising the East bank thereof, but, nevertheless,
along a line projected in an easterly direction which will run along the northerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure South 75  00  East, a distance of 255.0 feet, more or less, to an iron pin set at a point where said
course intersects a line projected northerly from the easterly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure; run thence along a line projected in a southerly direction extending along the easterly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure
having a course said to be South 74  55  West, a distance of 73.09 feet, more or less, to a point on the easterly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the tract herein described all
lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.    TOGETHER WITH all tracts, parcels or
properties, whether submerged or not, lying West of the West line of the lands hereinabove described which serves to extend the Northerly and Southerly lines thereof in a Westerly direction to the thalweg of the Mississippi River and the boundary
line between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana.      TRACT FIVE:  Southerly Portion of Northwest (Casino) Parking Lot (Pt. MP L Fee Simple)
    To reach the point of beginning, commence at an iron pipe on the West right of way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes
known as Warrenton Road and U. S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) marking the Northeast Corner of the Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375 and the
South line of lands into which Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. went into fee simple possession by virtue of deed dated February 28, 1994, recorded in Deed  
      Ex. B-58  

Book 1004 at Page 103, each within the land records of Warren County, Mississippi (the  Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel ) and run thence along the North line of said Ameristar Fee Simple
Parcel North 74  30  West 397.56 feet, more or less, to the Easterly edge of a paved roadway, 32 feet in width (the  Northerly Access Road ) which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the parcel herein described; from said POINT
OF BEGINNING run thence along the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road, South 41  52  14  West 221.65 feet, more or less, on the South line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel as described within said Deed Book 158 at Page
424 and Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the aforesaid land records and the Southeasterly corner of the parcel herein described; thence leaving the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road and run along the Southerly line of the Ameristar
Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 35.71 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of the Northerly Access Road; thence leaving the Westerly edge of the Northerly Access Road and continue along the Southerly line of the
Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 215.08 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of an existing paved parking lot; thence leaving the Westerly edge of said existing paved parking lot and continue along the
Southerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 77.14 feet, more or less, to a point on the top bank of the Mississippi River as same existed on November 7, 1992 (the  Top Bank  thence leaving the Top
Bank and continue North 74  30  a distance sufficient to intersect the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence along the thalweg of said Mississippi River and the
meanderings thereof marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana in a Northerly or Northeasterly direction a distance sufficient to reach a point where same intersects the North line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel
extended Westerly from the Top Bank; thence leaving the thalweg of said River and run in an Easterly direction along the Northerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel a distance sufficient to reach the Top Bank; thence continue along the
Northerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, South 74  30  East, a distance of 110.38 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of said existing paved parking lot; thence continue along the Southerly line of the Ameristar
Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 291.72 feet, more or less, to a point on the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING, said parcel all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16
North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, being the westernmost portion of lands described as Tract II within lands into which Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. went into fee simple possession by virtue of deed dated February 28,
1994, recorded in Deed Book 1004 at Page 103, each within the land records of Warren County, Mississippi.      TRACT SIX:  Northerly Portion of
Northwest (Casino) Parking Lot (Delta Land Fee Simple)     That part of the Delta Land Company, Inc. parcels of land as recorded in Deed Book 1018 at
Page 492 of the Land Records of Warren County being part of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range  
      Ex. B-59  

3 East, Vicksburg, County of Warren, Mississippi, containing, in aggregate, 4.29 acres, more or less, and being more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at that certain Vicksburg National Military Park Monument # 379 run thence S 16  38  14  W, a distance of 473.98 ft. to a point being
the Southeast comer of Parcel I of the Delta Land Company, Inc. property as well as the Point of Beginning of the herein described parcel; thence run N 59  10  00  W, a distance of 447 ft., more or less, along the South line of said
property to a point at the thalweg of Mississippi River being the apparent Southwest comer of the Delta Land Company, Inc. property; thence along said thalweg as well as the apparent West line of said property, run N 18  47  39  E, a
distance of 369 ft., more or less, to a point being the apparent Northwest comer of said property; thence, along the North line, run S 67  00  00  E, a distance of 339 ft., more or less, to a point in the South right-of-way of that
certain City of Vicksburg maintained access to Riverfront Park; thence along said right-of-way the following courses: S 48  37  33  E, for a distance of 19.80 ft.; S 44  06  20  E, for a distance of 28.41 ft.; S 22 
10  40  E, for a distance of 34.54 ft.; S 08  59  53  E, for a distance of 28.84 ft.; S 06  11  50  E, for a distance of 127.04 ft.; S 28  05  02  E, for a distance of 62.19 ft.; S 59  24 
11  E, for a distance of 34.59 ft.; thence, leaving said right-of-way, run S 48  00  00  W, a distance of 229.48 ft. to the Southeast comer of said Parcel I as well as being the Point of Beginning and containing, in aggregate,
4.29 acres, more or less, being part of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, County of Warren, Mississippi.      Tract Seven: 
Hotel Site (Fee Simple)     Beginning at a point in the East line of Washington Street, same being the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel
of land conveyed to Magnolia Hotel Company by Julius M. Buchanan, et ux, as recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi in Deed Book 247 at Page 498 (the  Magnolia Deed ) and the point of beginning thereafter conveyed
by Commonwealth Hotels of Mississippi to Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. by deed dated June 7, 1994, recorded in Deed Book 1014 at Page 77 (the  Commonwealth Deed ) said Northwest corner being marked by an iron pipe driven flush with
the ground a distance of 1 foot; more or less, northerly from a power pole and a distance of thirty (30) feet, more or less, as measured Easterly, from the center line of the pavement of U. S. Highway 61-80; from said point of beginning running with
the line as described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed as South 86 degrees 45 Minutes East, but having an actual course made more definite by survey  circa  1997 (the  1997 Survey ) made in connection with a
conveyance by Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. dated July 21, 1997, recorded in Deed Book 1114 at Page 301 (the  AC Deed ) of South 86 Degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds East, but, nevertheless, a distance of 106.00 feet to a point; run thence
along a line as described in the Magnolia Deed and the Commonwealth Deed as South 72 degrees 45 Minutes East a distance of 178 feet, but having an actual course and distance as established by the 1997 Survey of South 72 degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds
East a distance of 175.00 feet, but, nevertheless, to an iron pipe which marks a point in  
      Ex. B-60  

that certain old dilapidated fence line as same existed on the date of delivery of the said Magnolia Deed, which old fence was thereafter covered by fill and improvements to the surrounding
property and is no longer in evidence but was re-established by the 1997 Survey; run thence with the course of said old fence, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed of South 77 degrees 50 Minutes East, but having an actual course
established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of a distance of South 77 degrees 39 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 307.00 feet to an iron pipe; run thence with the course of said old fence, having a course described
in the Magnolia Deed of South 83 degrees 45 Minutes East, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 83 degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 200.00 feet to an iron pipe
which marks the apparent northeast corner of said old fence; thence continuing with the course of said old fence and a Southerly projection thereof, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed of South 14 degrees 40
Minutes East a distance of 416 feet, but having an actual course and distance established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 14 degrees 29 Minutes 00 Seconds East a distance of 419.50 feet, but, nevertheless, along a course and distance
sufficient to reach the North right-of-way line of the Illinois Central Railroad; run thence along the north right-of-way line of said railroad, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed of South 55 degrees 52
Minutes 28 Seconds West, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 56 degrees 02 Minutes 30 Seconds West, but, in each instance a distance of 795.22 feet, more or less, to the intersection of said
Railroad right-of-way line with the east right-of-way line of Federal Aid Project No. I-IG-20-1 (24) 0 (the  I-20 ROW  thence run with the I-20 ROW as conveyed to the State Highway Commission of Mississippi by Magnolia Hotel Company by
deed recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County in Deed Book 414 at Page 545, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 55 degrees 17 Minutes West, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC
Deed of North 55 degrees 06 Minutes 00 Seconds West, and, in each instance a distance of 195.00 feet, but, nevertheless along said I-20 ROW with a distance sufficient to reach a point that is 160 feet northwesterly of and measured radially to
Station 25+00 on the northerly edge of the proposed pavement of the North ramp of the I-20 ROW, as shown on plans for said project; thence continue along the I-20 ROW, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 45 degrees 05 Minutes
04 Seconds West but having an actual distance as established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North 44 degrees 58 Minutes 04 Seconds West, and, in each instance, a distance of 419.50 feet, but, nevertheless along a course with distance
sufficient to reach a point that is forty (40) feet Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 3+40 on the centerline of the East lane of the relocation of U. S. Highway 61 (Washington Street) as shown on plans for said project (the
 East Lane  thence run along the East Lane of U. S. Highway 61/Washington Street, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 02 degrees 37 Minutes 02 Seconds East, but having a actual course established by the 1997
Survey and in the AC Deed of North 02 degrees 47 Minutes 25 Seconds East, and, in each instance a distance of 41.38 feet, but, nevertheless, with a distance sufficient to reach a point that  
      Ex. B-61  

is 25 feet Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 3+00 on the centerline of said East lane, run thence along the East Lane of U. S. Highway 61/Washington Street, having a course
published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 17 Degrees 14 Minutes 00 Seconds East but having a actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North 17 Degrees 25 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of
101.00 feet, but, nevertheless along the East Lane with a distance sufficient to reach a point that is Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 2+00 on the centerline of the East lane of the relocation of former U. S. Highway 61 as shown on
plans for Federal Aid Project No. I-IG-20-1 (24) 0 (the last described point being also a point in the West line of the tract conveyed by Magnolia Deed); run thence with said West line of land conveyed in the Magnolia Deed, being also the East
right-of-way line of said former U. S. Highway No. 61-80/Washington Street, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 25 degrees 40 Minutes East but having a actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North
25 degrees 51 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 247.00 feet; thence continuing with said West line of land conveyed by the Magnolia Deed and along the East Lane, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North
23 degrees 10 Minutes East, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed, and, in each instance a distance of 246.00 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning, all of the above described lot, tract or parcel of
land lying being situated in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi and contains 16.45 acres, more or less, it being the intention herein to described and convey, and there is hereby described and conveyed,
the same lands heretofore conveyed to Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 1014 at Page 77 and the lands thereafter conveyed to AC Hotel Corp. by deed recorded in Deed Book 1114 at Page 301, each within the aforesaid Warren
County Land Records.      TRACT EIGHT    
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
  PARCEL ONE : Beginning at an iron pipe which lies south 13 degrees 15 minutes west 202.02 feet from an axle marking the Northeast corner
of that certain lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd as recorded in the office of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, in Book 280 at Page 523 being a point in the South line of Lucy Bryson Street, which said point of beginning
marks a corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to W. A. Byrd by J. B. Dabney on March 25, 1952;  
      Ex. B-62  

thence south 26 degrees 55 minutes east 352.51 feet to an iron pipe; thence south 89 degrees 26 minutes west, 77.45 feet to an iron pipe; thence north 30 degrees 53 minutes west 431.57 feet
to an iron axle at the Southwest corner of the aforementioned Byrd property as recorded in Book 280 at Page 523; thence along the South line of said Byrd property, south 68 degrees 24 minutes east 125 feet; thence south 68 degrees 09 minutes east
24.94 feet to the point of beginning, and containing 0.7 acre, more or less.     TOGETHER  with a right-of-way and easement for the
purpose of providing ingress and egress for the above described land in, on and over a strip of land 24 feet wide off of the East side of that certain lot, tract or parcel of land which was conveyed to W. A. Byrd by Lucy B. Dabney by deed dated
April 6, 1950, and recorded in Deed Book 280 at Page 523 of the aforesaid Land Records, which said strip of land extends from the North boundary line of the above described land to Lucy Bryson Street and which is presently used in providing ingress
and egress to the said lands.     PARCEL TWO : Beginning at the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed
by Julius M. Buchanan to Magnolia Hotel Company as recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi in Deed Book 247 at Page 498, said Northwest corner being marked by a large iron pipe which lies a distance, as measured easterly, of
thirty feet from the centerline of the pavement of U.S. Highway 61 and 80, run thence on the chord of a curve of Highway north 18 degrees 14 minutes east a distance of 268.77 feet to an iron pipe which marks the Northwest corner of that
 
      Ex. B-63  

certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to W. A. Byrd as recorded in the aforementioned Land Records in Book 252 at Page 510, said Northwest corner of the Byrd property being also the Southwest
corner of the Henry C. Pullen lot as described in said Land Records in Book 274 at Page 392; run thence on the line common to said Pullen and Byrd, South 72 degrees East 200 feet to an iron pipe which marks the Southeast corner of said Pullen lot;
run thence with the East line of said Pullen lot and the East line of the W. T. Sheffield lot, as described in said Land Records in Book 388 at Page 179, North 18 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 222.66 feet to an iron pipe which marks the
Northeast corner of said Sheffield lot and being also the Southeast corner of the Lora Mae Girod lot as described in said Land Records in Book 396 at Page 397, and being also the Southwest corner of the John L. Kerr Company lot as recorded in said
Land Records in Book 322 at Page 547 and being the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Capitol Transport Company, Inc. by W. A. Byrd as recorded in said Land Records in Deed Book 318 at Page 374; thence run with said
Capitol Transport Company, Inc. s West boundary line being also the East boundary line of the lot herein described, South 29 degrees 08 minutes East a distance of 431.32 feet to an iron pipe which marks a corner common to said Capitol Transport
Company and the lands of Joseph Gerache, said Gerache lands being described in the above mentioned Land Records in Book 356 at Page 453; run thence with a common boundary to the Byrd and Gerache lands North 40 degrees 59 minutes West a distance of
137.3 feet to an iron pipe; thence continuing with the Byrd and Gerache boundary South 17 degrees 33 minutes West a distance of 226.96 feet to an iron pipe in the North line of the aforementioned Magnolia Hotel Lands, said iron pipe also being a
corner to Byrd and Gerache; thence running with said Magnolia Hotel Company s North line as follows: North 77 degrees 50 minutes West 123 feet; North 72 degrees 45 minutes West 178 feet; North 86 degrees 45 minutes West 106 feet to the point of
beginning, and containing 2.88 acres, more or less.     PARCEL THREE  :  Beginning at a point which lies South 66 degrees 39
minutes East a distance of 125 feet from the Northernmost corner of Parcel Two described above and being also the Southeast corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to John L. Kerr, Co. by W. A. Byrd as described in Deed Book 322 at
Page 547 of the aforesaid Land Records; running thence North 22 degrees 05 minutes East 200 feet to a point; run thence South 15 degrees 00 minutes West 202.2 feet to an axel which marks the Northeast corner of the Capitol Transport Company s
land; run thence with said Capitol Transport Company s North line North 66 degrees 24 minutes West 24.94 feet to the point of beginning, and containing 0.06 acre, more or less.  
      Ex. B-64  

TRACT NINE   
 Beginning at the Southeast corner of the lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 258, at Page 397, of the Record of Deeds of
said county, being a point in the South line of the Mosby Tract and in the North line of the property of Magnolia Hotel Company, which line is marked by an old fence, and run thence South Eighty-Two (82) Degrees Ten (10) Minutes East along said
fence Four Hundred (400 ) Feet more or less to a fence corner; thence continuing on the same course Two Hundred Eighty-Five (285 ) Feet to a stake; thence North Ten (10) Degrees Five (5) Minutes West One Hundred Ten (110 ) Feet to a
stake; thence North Eighty Four (84) Degrees Fifty (50) Minutes East One Hundred Twenty (120 ) Feet more or less to the West line of the right of way of the Y MV Railroad leading to the Mississippi River Bridge; thence Northwardly on a
curve to the left along the West line of the right of way to its intersection with the center of the high power line of the Mississippi Power and Light Company; thence North Seventy-Four (74) Degrees West along the center of said power line to the
Northeast corner of a lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 280 at Page 525 of said Records of Deeds, being Parcel Two in said Deed; thence South Twenty- One (21) Degrees Thirty-Two (32) Minutes West One Hundred
Sixty-Five (165 ) Feet to the Southeast corner of last named lot, being a point in the North line of Lucy Bryson Street; thence South Sixty-Eight (68) Degrees Twenty-Eight (28) Minutes East along the North line of Lucy Bryson Street Fifty
(50 ) Feet to the end of said street; thence South Twenty-One (21) Degrees Thirty-Two (32) Minutes West Fifty (50 ) Feet across the East end of said street, being a point in the North line of the lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A.
Byrd by Deed recorded in Book 280 at Page 523 of said Record of Deeds; thence South Sixty-Eight (68) Degrees Twenty-Eight (28) Minutes East along the North line of said Byrd lot Twenty-Five (25 ) Feet to its Northeast corner; thence South
Thirteen (13) Degrees Fifteen (15) Minutes West Two Hundred Two and Two-Tenths (202.2 ) Feet to an iron pipe; thence South Twenty-Six (26) Degrees Fifty-Five (55) Minutes East Three Hundred Fifty-two and fifty-one one-hundredths (352.51 )
Feet to an iron pipe; thence South Eighty-Nine (89) Degrees Twenty-Six (26) Minutes West Seventy-Seven and forty-five hundredths (77.45 ) Feet to an iron pipe; thence North Thirty-Nine (39) Degrees Thirty-Seven (37) Minutes West One Hundred
Forty-Three and fifty-three one-hundredths (143.53 ) Feet to an iron pipe in the Northeast corner of said lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 258 at Page 397 of said Record of Deeds; thence Southwardly along
the East line of the last named lot Two Hundred Thirty-One (231 ) Feet, more or less, to the point of beginning, being in Sections Thirty and Thirty-Two (30 and 32), Township Sixteen (16) North, Range Three (3) East, being the same property
conveyed by J. B. Dabney to Joseph J. Gerache by deed dated March 26, 1952 and recorded in Book 294 at page 296 of said Record of Deeds and further conveyed to Joseph A. Gerache by Joseph J. Gerache by deed dated February 3, 1960 and recorded in
Book 356 at Page 453 of said Land Records.  
      Ex. B-65  

TOGETHER WITH ALL RIGHT TITLE AND INTEREST OF GRANTOR IN AND TO that certain grant of easement from Walter A.
Byrd in favor of Joseph J. Gerache for vehicular access over and across a strip of land 18 feet in width, fronting on Lucy Bryson Street and leading to the subject property, more particularly described within instrument styled  Easement 
dated July 25, 1952, filed for record in the office of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, on July 28, 1952 at 8:00 A.M., recorded therein in Deed Book 296 at Page 377.  
 LESS AND EXCEPT that part of the above described property conveyed by Joseph J. Gerache, et al, to Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed dated August
31, 1955 and recorded in Book 324, at page 295 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.    LESS AND EXCEPT that part of the above described
property conveyed by Joseph A. Gerache to Mississippi Power   Light Company, a Mississippi Corporation, by Warranty Deed dated May 20, 1986 and recorded in Book 780, at page 219 of the Warren County, Mississippi Land Records.  
      Ex. B-66  

TRACT TEN   
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi. Beginning at the Northwest corner of the Michael J. Chaney tract
as recorded in Deed Book 662 at Page 235 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence along the North line of the said Chaney tract, South 71 degrees 01 minutes 00 seconds East, 150.00 feet; thence leaving the North line of the
Chaney tract and run South 17 degrees 38 minutes 45 seconds West, 150.90 feet to a point on the South line of the said Chaney tract; thence along the South line of the said Chaney tract, North 74 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds West, 150.00 feet to
the Southwest corner of the Chaney tract, said point lying on the East Right of Way of U. S. Highway 61 and 80; thence along the East Right of Way line of U. S. Highway 61 and 80 in a Northwesterly direction along the arc of a 1 degree 15 minutes 30
second curve, 159.36 feet to the Point of Beginning and containing 0.534 acres, more or less, and being part of the Michael J. Chaney tract as recorded in Deed Book 662 at Page 235 in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren
County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-67  

TRACT ELEVEN   
 That certain tract of land lying between the center line of Old Warrenton Road (abandoned) and present U. S. Highway 61 and 80, in Section 32,
Township 16, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Begin at U. S. National Military Park Marker No.
389 and run thence South 88 degrees 25 minutes east a distance of 15 feet to the point of beginning; run thence north 3 degrees 39 minutes 30 seconds east a distance of 100.15 feet to a point; run thence north 18 degrees 39 minutes east a distance
of 75.56 feet to a point; run thence north 38 degrees 57 minutes east a distance of 110.49 feet to a point on the west right-of-way line of present U. S. Highway 61 and 80; run thence south 20 degrees 34 minutes west along said right-of-way line a
distance of 119.61 feet to a point; run thence south 18 degrees 14 minutes west along said right-of-way line a distance of 153.10 feet to a point; run thence north 88 degrees 25 minutes west a distance of 10.4 feet to the point of beginning.  
      Ex. B-68  

TRACT TWELVE   
 Beginning at a U. S. General Land Office Survey concrete marker erected in 1938 at the inter-section of the south line of the Vicksburg
National Military Park adjacent to Confederate. Avenue with the section line running north and south dividing Sections Twenty-nine (29) and Thirty-one (31), Township Sixteen (16), Range Three (3) East, and running thence along the south line of said
Park, north 50 degrees 35 minutes west, forty-five and 15/100 (45.15) feet to the Park Stone Number 408; thence, continuing on the same course, nine and 66/100 (9.66) feet to a point in the east line of the right-of-way of Mississippi U.S.
Highways 61 and 80; thence, along said east line of said Highway, which is an arc to the right the chord of which is one hundred and twenty-one and 23/100 (121.23) feet with a bearing of South 15 degrees 43 minutes west; thence, continuing along the
east line of said right-of-way, south 20 degrees 52 minutes West, eighteen and 77/100 (18.77) feet to the northwest corner of a lot conveyed by L. C. Latham to Old South Motors, Inc, by deed recorded in Book 278 on Page 374 of the Record of
Deeds of said County; thence, south 68 degrees 03 minutes East, along the north line of said Old South Motors, Inc., two hundred (200) feet, thence North 21 degrees 57 minutes East, seventy-one and 29/100 (71.29) feet to an intersection with the
south line of said Military Park; thence North 50 degrees 35 minutes West, one hundred seventy-one and 24/100 (171.24) feet to the point of beginning, being in Sections 29 and 31, Township 16, Range 3 East, and being a portion of the same land
conveyed to L. C. Latham by Lucy B. Dabney by deed dated August 27, 1946, and recorded in Book 258 at Page 22 of the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-69  

TRACT THIRTEEN   
  TRACT I     Beginning at a United States
General Land Office Survey concrete marker located on the intersection of the section line which divides Sections 29 and 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, with the Vicksburg National Military Park boundary line, said marker being 269.08 feet
North of the Southeast corner of said Section 31 and the Southwest corner of said Section 29; thence North sixty-eight (68) degrees and twenty-eight (28) minutes West from said marker a distance of 36.4 feet; thence South twenty-one (21) degrees and
thirty-two (32) minutes West a distance of 197.2 feet to a point on the East right-of-way line of Miss. U. S. Highways Nos. 61 and 80 and continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right-of-way line of said
Highways a distance of 289 feet to an iron pin; thence continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right-of-way line of said Highways a distance of 242.50 feet to an iron pin marking the Southwest corner of a
tract of land described in Deed Book 324, Page 295 and the POINT OF BEGINNING:    THENCE run South 68 degrees 26 minutes 22 seconds East,
along the South line of said tract and along the South line of a tract of land described in Deed Book 780, Page 219, 350.02 feet, to the Southeast corner of said tract;  
 THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 second East, 175.90 feet, along the East line of said tract to the Northeast corner thereof;  
 THENCE run North 74 degrees 00 minutes 00 second West, along the North lines of the aforementioned tract 150.90 feet, to a point on the East
line of a tract of land described in Deed Book 254, Page 447;    THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds East, along the East line
of said tract 100.50 feet to a found iron pin, the Northeast corner thereof;    THENCE run North 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds West, along
the North line of said tract 200.74 feet to the Northwest corner thereof, same being on the East right-of-way line of said Highways 61 and 80;  
      Ex. B-70  

THENCE along said right-of-way, run South 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds West, 242.50 feet to
the POINT OF BEGINNING; containing 1.74 acres, more or less,  LESS AND EXCEPT  the hereinbelow described 0.03 acre Tract (hereinafter the  Reserved Tract ), leaving a net acreage of 1.71 acres, more or less, to-wit:  
 Beginning at a United States General Land Office Survey concrete marker located on the intersection of the section line which divides Sections
29 and 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, with the Vicksburg National Military Park boundary line, said marker being 269.08 feet North of the Southeast corner of said Section 31 and the Southwest corner of said Section 29; thence North sixty-eight
(68) degrees and twenty-eight (28) minutes West from said marker a distance of 36.4 feet; thence South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West a distance of 197.2 feet to a point on the East right of way line of Miss. U. S. Highways
Nos. 61 and 80 and continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right of way line of said Highways a distance of 289 feet to an iron pin marking the Northwest corner of the herein above described TRACT I;
thence leaving said East right of way line of Miss. U. S. Highways Nos. 61 and 80, run along the North line of the above described TRACT I, South 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds East, 349.64 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING:  
 THENCE continue along said North line of above described TRACT I, South 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds East, 51.10 feet to the Northeast
corner thereof;    THENCE along the East line of said TRACT I, run South 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds West, 21.60 feet;  
 THENCE leaving said East line, run North 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds West and parallel to the said North line of TRACT I, 51.10 feet;  
 THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds East and parallel to the said East line of TRACT I, 21.60 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING,
containing 0.03 acres, more or less.     TRACT II   
 Beginning at a point on the west line of Warrenton Road, a distance of fifty (50) feet in a northerly direction from the northeast corner of
that certain tract of land which is described in, and which was conveyed to the United States of America by, that certain deed bearing date the 24th day of January, 1920, executed by Thomasene H. Woolsey and M. E. Hughes, which is recorded in Deed
Book No. 93, at Page 268, of the Land Records in the office of the Clerk of the Chancery Court of said Warren County; running thence North along the west line of said Warrenton Road a distance of 199.95 feet; thence North seventy-five (75) degrees
twenty-three (23) minutes and four (04) seconds West, a distance of eight hundred (800) feet, more or less, to the west line of that certain lot, tract or parcel of land which was conveyed to Eliza B.
 
      Ex. B-71  

Humphreys and Priscilla Brady by W. G. Kiger by deed bearing date the 20th day of December, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156, at Page 48, of the land records aforesaid; thence in a Southerly
direction along the west line of the land so conveyed to Eliza B. Humphreys and Priscilla Brady by the said W. G. Kiger, a distance of 199.95 feet, thence South seventy-five (75) degrees twenty-three (23) minutes and four (04) seconds East, a
distance of eight hundred (800) feet, more or less, to the point of beginning; containing four (4) acres, more or less and being a part of Section Thirty-two (32), in Township Sixteen (16) North, Range Three (3) East, and being the same property
described in that certain conveyance to The Mississippi Power and Light Company dated May 13, 1925, appearing of record in Deed Book 158, at page 424, of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-72  

TRACT FOURTEEN   
  Parcel One:     A parcel of land situated in Section 32,
Township 16 North, Range 3 East and being a part of that tract of land described as Parcel 1 in the conveyance to Lucy B. Dabney by deed recorded in Deed Book 206 at Page 205 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, being
more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the intersection of the South boundary of Lucy Bryson Street as described in deed recorded in Deed
Book 282 at Page 55 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, with the East right-of-way line of Mississippi Highway 61 and U. S. Highway 80, which point is 15.0 feet as measured along the East right-of-way line of said
Highways 61 and 80 from the South boundary of Mississippi Power and Light Company s 80 foot wide right-of-way as described in deed recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 511 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi; run
thence South 67 degrees 30 minutes East and along the South boundary of Lucy Bryson Street 150 feet; run thence South 21 degrees 30 minutes West 195.60 feet, more or less, to the North boundary of the W. T. Sheffield, Sr. property as described in
deed recorded in Deed Book 388 at Page 179 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi; run thence North 69 degrees 11 minutes West and along the North line of the said W. T. Sheffield property through an existing 3/4 inch
iron bar 150 feet, more or less, to the East right-of-way line of Mississippi Highway 61 and U. S. Highway 80; run thence Northeasterly and along a 00 degree 48 minute curve in the said Eastern right-of-way of said Highways 194.10 feet to the
tangent point of said curve, said curve having a chord bearing North 21 degrees 30 minutes East 194.10 feet; run thence North 22 degrees 17 minutes East and along said highway right-of-way 5.90 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning;  
 Being the same land described in that certain WARRANTY DEED dated October 10, 1968, Leo Hall, Grantor, to Humble Oil   Refining Company, a Delaware
corporation, (now Exxon Corporation), Grantee and recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 448 at Page 456, and the same lands and improvements thereafter conveyed by Exxon Corporation,
 
      Ex. B-73  

successor by merger to Humble Oil   Refining Company) by deed recorded in Deed Book 574 at Page 292 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
  PARCEL TWO:     Being situated in Section 32, Township 16
North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Vicksburg, Mississippi and being a part of that tract known as Parcel 1 as conveyed to Lucy B. Dabney and recorded in Deed Book 206 at Page 205 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi and being more
particularly described as follows: Commence at the intersection of the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street as recorded in Deed Book 282 at Page 55 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi, with the East right of way line of Mississippi
Highway 61 and U.S. Highway 80, which point is 150.00 feet, as measured along the East right of way line of said Highways 61 and 80, from the South Boundary of Mississippi Power and Light Company s 80 foot wide right of way as recorded in Deed
Book 158 at Page 511 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi; run thence South 67 degrees 30 minutes East and along the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street, 150.00 feet to the point of beginning for the property herein described;
continue thence South 67 described 30 minutes East and along the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street, 50.09 feet to an iron pipe; run thence South 21 degrees 10 seconds West, 194.15 feet to an iron bar; run thence North 69 degrees 11 minutes West,
51.25 feet; run thence North 21 degrees 30 minutes East, 195.60 feet to the point of beginning.    Being the same land described in that certain Substituted
Trustee s Deed dated February 19, 1985, in favor of David McDonald d/b/a McDonald Land Developers and Evelyn McDonald, recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 740 at Page 112, the undivided
  1   2  interest of the said Evelyn McDonald having thereafter been conveyed to Evelyn McDonald, Trustee of the Evelyn McDonald Revocable Trust u/t/d March 15,
2000, as Parcel 3 within deed dated April 4, 2000, recorded in Deed Book 1200 at Page 783 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-75  

Parcel Three:   
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, described as follows:  
 Beginning at a point in the East line of Warrenton Road as marked by a steel rod that lies South 87 degrees 03 minutes East a distance of 115.3 feet from a
Vicksburg National Military Park boundary marked #389-B, said boundary marker being shown on the maps of the Vicksburg National Military Park recorded in the office of: the Chancery Clerk, Warren County, Mississippi, said point of beginning also
lies a distance of 198 feet, more or less, as measured in a Southerly direction from the South line of Bryson Street at the East line of Warrenton Road, thence from said point of beginning run East at right angles with Warrenton Road a distance of
Two Hundred (200) feet to a point and run thence in a Southerly direction on a line parallel with the East line of Warrenton Road a distance of 75 feet to a point, run thence in a Westerly direction on a line parallel with the North line of the
tract or parcel herein described a distance of 200 feet to the East line of Warrenton Road, run thence in a Northerly direction along the East line of Warrenton Road a distance of 75 feet to the point of beginning.  
 Being the same land described in that certain Warranty Deed dated October 11, 1982, conveying an undivided
  3   4  interest therein in favor of David McDonald and an undivided
  1   4  interest therein in favor of Edward McDonald, recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 676 at Page 197, the undivided   1   4  interest of the said Edward McDonald having thereafter been conveyed to David L. McDonald (being the same individual known as David L. McDonald) within deed
dated March 28, 1985, recorded in Deed Book 742 at Page 457 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-76  

Ameristar Kansas City    
 GAMING PROPERTY    TRACT 1:  
 Lot 1,  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.  
 TRACT 2:    Lot 3, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land in
Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.    TRACT 3:  
 Lots 1 to 6, both inclusive, all of Lot 8, and all that part of Lots 7, 9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District
Levee, in Block 40;    Lots 1-15, both inclusive (EXCEPT the part of said Lot 14 lying Southerly from the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District
Levee), in Block 42;    Lots 2 and 4 (EXCEPT the part thereof lying Southerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee), in Block 43;
   Lots 1 - 18, both inclusive, in Block 44;    Lots 1, 2, 3,
4, 6 and 8, and all that part of Lots 5, 7 ,9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee, in Block 45;    Lots
1, 2, 3, 7, 10, 12, 14, 16,18 and 20; the West 21.38 feet of Lot 4, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 8, 9, 11, 13, 15, 17, 19 and 21, in Block 47;    Lots 1,
3, 5, 7, 9 and 11, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12, in Block 48;    Together with:  
 All vacated alleys or portions thereof which lie adjacent to said lots or portions of lots.  
 Vacated Third (3rd) Street lying between the East line of Liberty Street and the extended East line of said West portion of said Lot 4, in Block 47;  
 All of vacated Cherry street, Vine Street and Hickory Street lying between the South line of Third (3rd) Street and the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage
District Levee;  
      Ex. B-77  

All of vacated Second (2nd) Street lying between the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee and
the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 2, in said Block 48;    All of vacated Main Street lying East of the Northerly line of said Birmingham
Drainage District Levee and West of the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 12, in said Block 48;    All in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision
in the Village of Randolph, Clay County, Missouri; EXCEPT from the foregoing Tract 3 the following described property conveyed to Kansas City Power   Light Company by Special Warranty Deed recorded in Book 2620, Page 663 as Document No. N20860
in the Official Records of Clay County, Missouri;    All that part of Block 40 and 42, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Village of Randolph, Clay County, Missouri,
together with portions of the vacated alleys, Cherry Street and Second (2nd) Street that lies within the following property:    Beginning at the Northerly
right of way line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee as described in Book 470, Page 522 in the Clay County Recorder of Deeds Office and the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence North 0 degrees 45 minutes 58 seconds East along
said Westerly line of Block 40, 248.69 feet; thence North 82 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds East, 71.54 feet; thence South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East parallel to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet; thence South 16 degrees
00 minutes 20 seconds West, 269.00 feet to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way; thence North 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds West along said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet to the point of beginning.  
 TRACT 4:    Lot 2, of  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a
subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.    TRACT 5:  
 A tract of land being part of Blocks 47 - 50 of  THE PLAN OF RANDOLPH , a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri, and a part of the South One
Half of the Southwest Quarter of Section 10, Township 50, Range 32 and a part of the North One Half of the Northwest Quarter of Section 15, Township 50, Range 32, all being located in said Clay County, and more particularly described as follows:
Commencing at the Southwest corner of the Southeast Quarter of the Southwest Quarter of said Section 10, Township 50, Rage 32 said point also being the Southeast corner of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  thence South 89 degrees 29 minutes 02
seconds East (South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds Deed) a distance of 202.28  
      Ex. B-78  

feet to the True Point of Beginning of the tract of land to be herein conveyed; thence North 0 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds East (North 00 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds Deed) parallel with the
West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1082.25 feet (1082.72 Deed) to a point on the centerline of Birmingham Road; thence South 80 degrees 42 minute 36 seconds West (80 degrees 42 minutes 29 seconds West Deed) a distance
of 205.16 feet (205.15 Deed) to a point on said West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land; thence South 81 degrees 42 minutes 58 seconds West (South 81 degrees 35 minutes 00 seconds West Deed) and continuing along said center line of said
Birmingham Road a distance of 301.11 feet (301.20 Deed); thence South 00 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds West Deed) parallel with the West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1001.24
feet (1001.56 Deed) to a point on the South line of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  said point also being on the North line of said Northwest Quarter of said Section 15; thence South 0 degrees 29 minutes 26 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes
59 seconds West Deed) a distance of 94.08 feet (93.90 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right of way line of New Levee as described in Document No. A-302951 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County, Missouri; thence South 62 degrees 47
minutes 24 seconds East (South 62 degrees 50 minutes 31 seconds Deed) along said Northerly right of way a distance of 560.49 feet (560.46 Deed); thence North 00 degrees 23 minutes 23 seconds East (North 0 degree 17 minutes 59 seconds East Deed)
parallel with the West line of the Northeast Quarter of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 15 a distance of 345.87 feet (345.78 Deed) to the Point of beginning.  
 EXCEPT: All that part of the above described property being platted as Lot 2, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri.
   TRACT 6:    Leasehold Estate as created by Lease Agreement
notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995 as Document No. M-62089 in Book 2462 at Page
724.    Lessee s Interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification, Confirmation, Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March 26,
1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at page 788.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to
Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in
Lease executed by Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016,  
      Ex. B-79  

filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.    Gold
Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;    As to the following tract:
   A tract of land in the South 1/2 of Section 10, T50N, R32W and part of fractional Section 15, T50N, R32W and part of the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Clay County,
Missouri more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a point on the South line of said Section 10, which is 441.63 feet (442.1 Deed) West of the Southeast Corner of said Section 10; Thence South 89 degrees 09 minutes 01 seconds East
(South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds East Deed) a distance of 50.88 feet to a point on the Westerly right-of-way line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St Paul; and Pacific Railroad, and the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroads; thence South 45
degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West (South 45 degrees 35 minutes 24 seconds West Deed) along the said right-of-way, 2336.75 feet (2336.29 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right-of-way line of the new levee WHICH IS THE TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING;
thence North 45 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds West (North 45 degrees 22 minutes 17 seconds West Deed) along Northeasterly right-of-way line of the new levee, as described in Document No. A-032951 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County,
Missouri, 895.03 feet (886.59 Deed) to a point of curve; thence along a curve to the left having a radius of 3354.35 feet and a central angle of 17 degrees 24 minutes 55 seconds a distance of 1019.57 feet; thence North 62 degrees 27 minutes 23
seconds West (North 62 degrees 47 minutes 12 seconds West on Deed) along said levee right-of-way, 763.50 feet; thence south 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri River; thence downstream in a Southeasterly
direction along said low water mark to a point South 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West of the True Point of Beginning; thence North 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds East to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
 TRACT 7:    Leasehold Estate as created by the Lease Agreement
notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995, as Document No. M-62089 in Book .2462 at
Page 724.    Lessee s interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification, Confirmation, Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March
26, 1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at Page 788.  
      Ex. B-80  

Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to Ameristar Casino
Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by
Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016, filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.  
 Gold Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;  
 As to the following tract:    Commencing at a point where the
Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH, intersects with the Northerly right of way line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee; thence South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East along said right-of -way 659.49 feet; thence South 56 degrees 59
minutes 49 seconds East along said right-of-way 220.52 feet; thence South 62 degrees 43 minutes 15 seconds East along said right-of-way 607.23 feet; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri River,
thence upstream in a Northwesterly direction along the low water mark of the Missouri River to a point where said low water mark intersects with the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence Northerly along the Westerly line of Block 40,
PLAN OF RANDOLPH, to the Point of Beginning.    WETLANDS PROPERTY (Tracts 8   9):  
 TRACT 8:    The South 30 acres of the Southeast Quarter of the
Northeast Quarter of Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, in Jackson County, Missouri, EXCEPT that part taken by Corp of Engineers, U.S. Army In Civil Action No. 11247.  
 TRACT 9:    The Northeast Quarter of the Southeast Quarter of
Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, Jackson County, Missouri; EXCEPT that part lying South of the Missouri River, all of said Quarter Quarter Section being subject to a perpetual easement granted to the United States of America over and across said
land, as created under instrument designated  Easement  filed under Document No. 685882 in Book 1316 at Page 492.    TRACT 10:  
      Ex. B-81  

Parcel 1:   AN
UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:    All of Block 41, lying South of the Southerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District
Levee, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 2: 
 AN UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:  
 All of Blocks 38, 39, 43 and 45, EXCEPT Lots 18 and 20, of Block 39, lying South of the Southerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee, all in the
PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 3:  
 Also; All of Block 94, lying South and West of the Southerly and Westerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee in NORTH KANSAS CITY IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY S FIRST ADDITION TO RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.  
      Ex. B-82  

Ameristar St. Charles    
  PARCEL NO. 1-TRACT 1:     PART OF (DUE TO LOCATION OF
MISSOURI RIVER AS SURVEYED DURING AUGUST, 2000)  LOT 1 OF ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 33 PAGES 40-41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, BEING ALSO PART OF LOTS 2, 3 AND
4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING PART DESCRIBED AS A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOTS 2, 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS
SURVEY OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 BEGINNING AT THE INTERSECTION OF THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70 WITH THE EAST LINE OF THE OLD M.K.T. RAILROAD RIGHT-OF-WAY (60
FEET WIDE), SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY NOW BELONGING TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES AS DESCRIBED IN DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ALSO 150.00 FEET PERPENDICULARLY DISTANT NORTH OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE 70 CENTERLINE STATION 10 + 31.65; THENCE NORTHWARDLY ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY, THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 27  24  14  EAST 1115.89 FEET; NORTH 27  05 
36  EAST 94.35 FEET; NORTH 27  42  46  EAST 99.62 FEET; NORTH 28  32  22  EAST 99.78 FEET; AND NORTH 29  48  14  EAST 63.63 FEET TO A POINT IN THE SOUTH LINE OF PROPERTY CONVEY TO THE CITY OF ST.
CHARLES AS RECORDED IN ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE SOUTH 68  29  58  EAST ALONG THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID CITY OF ST. CHARLES PROPERTY 670.35 FEET TO A POINT ON THE CENTERLINE OF AN EXISTING SLOUGH AS SURVEYED DECEMBER 16, 1991;
THENCE NORTHWARDLY ALONG SAID CENTERLINE OF A SLOUGH AS SURVEYED THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 46  49  21  EAST 63.22 FEET; NORTH 43  17  48  EAST 103.70 FEET; NORTH 52  01  54  EAST 47.41 FEET;
NORTH 46  15  21  EAST 179.08 FEET; NORTH 22  59  38  EAST 58.10 FEET; NORTH 32  24  24  EAST 81.38 FEET; THENCE NORTH 41  45  28  EAST 146.54 FEET; NORTH 54  10  18  EAST 73.53
FEET; NORTH 84  20  08  EAST 54.02 FEET; AND SOUTH 64  31  27  EAST 43.98 FEET TO A POINT AT THE EXISTING WATERS EDGE OF THE MISSOURI RIVER AS SURVEYED ON AUGUST 15, 2000; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY ALONG SAID WATERS EDGE OF THE
MISSOURI RIVER THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, SOUTH 04  40  56  WEST 58.96 FEET; SOUTH 20  37  10  WEST 144.59 FEET; SOUTH 15  36  33  WEST 170.49 FEET; SOUTH 11  22  46  WEST 266.35
FEET; SOUTH 62  45  45  WEST 103.99 FEET; SOUTH 53  40  19  WEST 42.35 FEET; SOUTH 64  20  18  WEST 57.89 FEET; SOUTH 10  12  11  WEST 54.10 FEET; SOUTH 04  28  33  WEST 51.91
FEET; SOUTH 08  54  23  WEST 50.66 FEET; SOUTH 09  59  43  WEST 52.63 FEET; SOUTH 05  46  36  WEST 60.43 FEET; SOUTH 82  02  04  EAST 8.33 FEET; SOUTH 07  36  46  WEST 23.81 FEET;
SOUTH 33  58  10  WEST 41.58 FEET; SOUTH 49  07  58  WEST 10.25 FEET; SOUTH 07  26  05  WEST 33.98 FEET; SOUTH 50  52  14  EAST 16.93 FEET, SOUTH 00  56  40  EAST 70.98 FEET;
SOUTH 11  01  30  WEST 68.44 FEET; SOUTH 52  33  05   
      Ex. B-83  

WEST 30.14 FEET; SOUTH 07  11  22  WEST 33.78 FEET; SOUTH 02  08  10  EAST 5.59 FEET; SOUTH 46  59  08  EAST 27.82 FEET; SOUTH 11  09  56 
WEST 66.05 FEET; SOUTH 18  15  25  WEST 19.33 FEET; SOUTH 75  51  25  EAST 118.39 FEET; SOUTH 14  08  35  WEST 396.00 FEET; NORTH 75  51  25  WEST 3.83 FEET; AND SOUTH 14  08  35 
WEST 424.61 FEET TO A POINT IN THE AFORESAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE NORTH 65  53  14  WEST ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, 1525.41 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 1-TRACT 2:     LOT 2 OF  ST CHARLES
RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 33 PAGES 40-41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, BEING ALSO PART OF LOTS 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH,
RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI.     PARCEL NO. 1A:   
 RIGHTS OF ACCESS UNDER ROAD CROSSING LICENSE NO. STC 9401, NOTICE OF WHICH IS SET FORTH IN MEMORANDUM RECORDED IN BOOK 1735 PAGE 152, OVER THE FOLLOWING
DESCRIBED PROPERTY:     PARCEL NO. A:     A TEMPORARY ROAD
CROSSING OVER: A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED
AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38
OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT, NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 149.04 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO
ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST 60.00 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46
SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE AFORESAID EASTERN LINE OF  
      Ex. B-84  

THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING
CO., INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.     PARCEL NO. B:   
 A TEMPORARY ENTRANCE ROAD CROSSING OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING
PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE
SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL
RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN
LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT, NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST 287.94 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET
TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE
LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 245.95 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO THE AFORESAID EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE
SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 245.95 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.  
  PARCEL NO. C:     A PERMANENT ENTRANCE ROAD CROSSING OVER:
   A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL
MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE
HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT  
      Ex. B-85  

BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 287.94 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE
LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED
RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 245.96 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO THE AFORESAID
EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 245.95 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.
    PARCEL NO. D:     A TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION LICENSE A
OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL
MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE
ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 209.04 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES
RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 78.90 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST,
60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE AFORESAID EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 78.90 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO.,
INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY 1994.     PARCEL NO. E:     A
TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION LICENSE B OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOTS 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46
NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL  
      Ex. B-86  

MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION,
INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND
THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS
EAST, 533.89 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE
EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO WALTER C. F. AND MARLENE A. HISCHKE, JR. BY DEEDS RECORDED IN BOOK 1390 PAGE 1651 AND 1655 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 116.06
FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 116.06 FEET TO
THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.     PARCEL NO. 2:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 165, AND PART OF BLOCK 11 OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 4 AND 5 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY,
MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT AN OLD STONE AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF LOT 7 OF BLOCK 11, OF THE COMMONS OF
ST. CHARLES; THENCE NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 37.20 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF RODNEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 1019 PAGE 1401 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE CONTINUING NORTH
42  12  01  WEST, 50.96 FEET ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RODNEY TRACT TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SOUTH RIVER ROAD AS TRAVELED, THENCE ALONG SAID EASTERN LINE AS TRAVELED, THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH
47  59  46  EAST, 32.96 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1415.00, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 178.34 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 45  49  06  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 178.22 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE NORTH 42  12  28  EAST 206.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 45  41  04  EAST, 44.61 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, HAVING A RADIUS OF 164.79 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 201.88 FEET, A
CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 80  46  49  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 189.49 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 85.00 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 101.30 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 81  44 
03  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 95.41 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 47  35  32  EAST, 45.99 FEET TO A  
      Ex. B-87  

POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  38  02  EAST, 614.65 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  45  47  EAST, 186.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID EASTERN LINE, SOUTH 44 
20  20  EAST, 329.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 81  31  34  EAST, 85.21 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 60  25  38  EAST, 490.93 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 07  19  18  EAST, 75.77 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE NORTH 51  58  30  EAST, 87.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 85  31  25  EAST, 134.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 85  39  39  EAST, 152.25 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 03  47 
57  EAST, 142.02 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 69  04  20  EAST, 62.03 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 30  09  16  EAST, 895.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST, 118.00 FEET TO THE POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT OF LAND; THENCE CONTINUING SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST 264.62 FEET TO A POINT ON THE MEAN LOW WATER LEVEL OF THE MISSOURI RIVER; THENCE SOUTHWESTWARDLY ALONG SAID MEAN LOW. OF SAID MEAN LOW WATER
LEVEL WITH THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF LOVELACE AS RECORDED IN BOOK 831, PAGE 1752 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE LEAVING SAID WATER LEVEL ALONG SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 34  41  05  WEST, 44.05 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 55  05  32  EAST, 1454.20 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 61  12  33  EAST, 1497.67 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 74  20  47  EAST, 1028.09 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 48  31  11  EAST, 55.90 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING PER CALCULATIONS BY PICKETT, RAY   SILVER, INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1993.  
  PARCEL NO. 2A:     EASEMENTS AS RESERVED IN DEED RECORDED
IN BOOK 2052 PAGE 936.     PARCEL NO. 3:     A TRACT OF
LAND BEING PART OF U. S. SURVEY 165, AND PART OF BLOCK 11 OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 4 AND 5 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT AN OLD STONE AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF LOT 7 OF BLOCK 11, OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES; THENCE NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 37.20
FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED, SAID POINT BEING ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF RODNEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 1019 PAGE 1401 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE CONTINUING
NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 50.96 FEET ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RODNEY TRACT TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SOUTH RIVER ROAD AS TRAVELED; THENCE ALONG SAID EASTERN LINE AS TRAVELED, THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH
47  59  46  EAST, 32.96 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1415.00, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 178.34 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 45  49  06  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 178.22 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE NORTH 42  12  28  EAST, 206.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 45  41  04  EAST, 44.61 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING A RADIUS OF 164.79 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 201.88 FEET, A
CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 80  46  49  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 189.49 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 85.00 FEET, AND AN ARC  
      Ex. B-88  

LENGTH OF 101.30 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 81  44  03  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 95.41 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 47  35  32  EAST, 45.99 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 41  38  02  WEST, 614.65 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  45  47  EAST, 186.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID EASTERN LINE, SOUTH 44  20  20  EAST, 329.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH
81  31  34  EAST, 85.21 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 60  25  38  EAST 490.93 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 07  19  18  EAST, 75.77 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 51  58  30  EAST, 87.81 FEET TO
A POINT; THENCE NORTH 85  31  25  EAST, 134.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 85  39  39  EAST, 152.25 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 03  47  57  EAST, 142.02 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 69  04 
20  EAST, 62.03 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 30  09  16  EAST, 895.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST, 118.00 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 48  31  11  WEST, 55.90 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE SOUTH 74  20  47  WEST, 1028.09 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 61  12  33  WEST, 1497.67 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 55  05  32  WEST, 1454.20 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR
FORMERLY OF LOVELACE AS RECORDED IN BOOK 831 PAGE 1752 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 34  41  05  WEST, 491.66 FEET TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE CENTERLINE OF THE KATY TRAIL, AS ROCKED;
THENCE ALONG SAID CENTERLINE THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH 51  14  48  EAST, 370.95 FEET; THENCE NORTH 46  37  47  EAST, 519.40 FEET; THENCE NORTH 44  26  42  EAST, 511.27 FEET; THENCE NORTH 42  32 
50  EAST, 65.09 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID CENTERLINE AND ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED RODNEY TRACT, NORTH 68  56  09  WEST, 102.28 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING PER CALCULATIONS BY PICKET RAY   SILVER, INC.,
DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1993.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PART THEREOF CONVEYED TO THE COUNTY OF ST. CHARLES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 2052 PAGE 936 AND
BOOK 2267 PAGE 1892.     PARCEL NO. 4:     A TRACT OF LAND
BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING THE SAME PROPERTY CONVEYED TO MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763 PAGE 1620 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS, SAID TRACT BEING MORE
PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERNLINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY
SURVEYOR L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 5058A/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST 4765.85 FEET FROM
THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9, BOOK 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE
1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE COMMON LINE BETWEEN SAID RUFF SURVEY AND SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, NORTH 00  00  34  EAST, 1770.38 FEET  
      Ex. B-89  

TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE ALONG THE SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES:  
 SOUTH 56  09  42  WEST, 163.04 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 68  13  42  WEST, 682.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 78 
54  42  WEST, 1013.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 80  56  18  WEST 968.88 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE AND ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF LACLEDE GAS COMPANY RECORDED IN BOOK
557, PAGE 828 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE, NORTH 16  36  42  EAST, 1307.46 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, ALSO BEING ON THE SOUTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF WITTE AS
RECORDED IN BOOK 567 PAGE 272 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, SOUTH 73  23  18  EAST, 2448.60 FEET TO THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE LEAVING SAID
NORTHERN LINE AND ALONG THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 166.72 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.     PARCEL
NO. 5:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE
PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY SURVEYOR, LS. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND
SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK
9 PAGE 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE COMMON LINE BETWEEN SAID RUFF SURVEY AND
SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, NORTH 00  00  34  EAST, 965.87 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE LEAVING SAID COMMON LINE ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY THE FOLLOWING COURSES: SOUTH 87 
11  00  WEST, 613.33 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 88  49  00  WEST, 383.18 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 61  11  00  WEST, 136.29 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 28  11  00  WEST, 322.10 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 37  52  30  WEST, 807.74 FEET TO A POINT ON THE SOUTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763 PAGE 1620 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE
SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH 78  54  42  EAST, 1013.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 68  13  42  EAST, 682.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 56  09  42  EAST, 163.04 FEET
TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE ALONG SAID WESTERN LINE, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 804.51 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
 File No.: L20154061  
      Ex. B-90  

PARCEL NO. 6:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS
FOLLOWS: BEGINNING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY SURVEYOR, L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE
DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9, PAGE 105 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, SOUTH 31  46 
30  EAST, 921.50 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 75  13  19  WEST, 242.64 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 72  52  43  WEST, 178.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 40  35  00  WEST, 288.45 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 39  35  00  WEST, 867.85 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 27  32  00  WEST, 448.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 32  06  00  WEST, 205.12 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 56  38  00 
WEST, 235.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 28  11  00  EAST, 322.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 61  11  00  EAST, 136.29 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 88  49  00  EAST, 383.18 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH
87  11  00  EAST, 613.33 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID WESTERN LINE, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 965.87 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 7:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY
1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY
SURVEYOR, L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966, AND FILED IN SERIES 660, FISCHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY RESPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET
FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9 PAGE 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS, AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893
PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, SOUTH 31  46  30  EAST, 921.50 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE SOUTH 32  46 
18  WEST, 243.34 FEET TO THE MEAN LOW WATER MARK AS DIGITIZED FROM THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS MAP; THENCE ALONG THE MEANDERS OF THE MISSOURI RIVER IN A NORTHWESTWARDLY DIRECTION, 4497 FEET MORE OR LESS TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE, NORTH
35  46  03  EAST, 230.11 FEET TO THE SOUTHWESTERN CORNER OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763, PAGE 1620 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE
 
      Ex. B-91  

ALONG THE SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, SOUTH 80  56  18  EAST, 968.88 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE, SOUTH 37  52  30  EAST, 807.74 FEET
TO THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED RUFF SURVEY; THENCE ALONG THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, THE FOLLOWING COURSES:    SOUTH 56  38 
00  EAST, 235.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 82  06  00  EAST, 205.12 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 27  32  00  EAST, 448.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 39  35  00  EAST, 867.85 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE SOUTH 40  35  00  EAST, 288.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 72  52  43  EAST, 178.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 75  13  19  EAST, 242.64 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 8:     AN EASEMENT FOR INGRESS AND EGRESS AS SET
FORTH IN EASEMENT DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 820 PAGE 1454.     PARCEL NO. 9-TRACT 1:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY, COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, AND PART OF LOT 8 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION WITHIN LOT 56 OF BLOCK 9
OF STEEN   CUNNINGHAM S SURVEY, COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, ALL WITHIN TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, IN THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT AN OLD IRON PIPE MARKING THE MOST WESTERN CORNER OF LOT 7 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION; THENCE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST, 155.72
FEET TO A POINT THENCE SOUTH 25 DEGREES 21 MINUTES 40 SECONDS WEST 50.23 FEET TO AN IRON PIPE MARKING THE BEGINNING OF THE TRACT HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE SOUTH 25 DEGREES 21 MINUTES 40 SECONDS WEST 150.02 FEET TO AN IRON PIPE; THENCE NORTH 70
DEGREES 10 MINUTES 10 SECONDS WEST 164.02 FEET TO A POINT ON A CURVE; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT AN ARC DISTANCE OF 150.00 FEET TO A POINT; SAID CURVE HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,349.2 FEET AND AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 0 DEGREES 45 MINUTES 26 SECONDS;
THENCE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST 165.11 FEET TO THE PLACE OF BEGINNING, AS PER SURVEY AND PLAT MADE BY ST. CHARLES COUNTY ENGINEERING AND SURVEYING, INC. DATED IN DECEMBER 1969.  
 ALSO, A NON-EXCLUSIVE EASEMENT OVER AND ACROSS ADJOINING LAND BELOW DESCRIBED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INGRESS AND EGRESS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 AN EASEMENT 30 FEET WIDE BEING PART OF LOT 8 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION WITHIN LOT 56 BLOCK 9 OF STEEN   CUNNINGHAM S SUBDIVISION, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH,
RANGE 5 EAST, WITHIN THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
      Ex. B-92  

COMMENCING AT AN OLD IRON PIPE MARKING THE MOST WESTERN CORNER OF SAID LOT 7 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION; THENCE
NORTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS WEST 40.10 FEET TO THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF FIFTH STREET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY ALONG SAID EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,379.2 FEET AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 0
DEGREES 15 MINUTES 11 SECONDS AN ARC DISTANCE OF 50.24 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE LEAVING SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST 30.14 FEET TO THE NORTHERNMOST CORNER OF A .565
ACRE TRACT; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARDLY ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT 30 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL TO THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF FIFTH STREET, SAID CURVE HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,349.2 FEET AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 1 DEGREE 13 MINUTES 22 SECONDS AN ARC
DISTANCE OF 242.24 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 65 DEGREES 54 MINUTES 01 SECONDS WEST 30.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF 5TH STREET; THENCE NORTHEASTWARDLY ALONG SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING AN INCLUDED
ANGLE OF 1 DEGREE 12 MINUTES 30 SECONDS A RADIUS OF 11,379.2 FEET AN ARC DISTANCE OF 240.1 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.    ALSO EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT
PART CONVEYED TO THREE FLAGS CENTER PARTNERSHIP, L.P. RECORDED IN BOOK 4794 PAGE 2263 AND THAT PART CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT TRANSPORTATION DEVELOPMENT DISTRICT, RECORDED IN BOOK 4800 PAGE 246.  
  PARCEL NO. 9-TRACT 2:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF
U.S. SURVEY 3280, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF PROPERTY CONVEYED TO AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 2478 PAGE 1826 OF THE ST. CHARLES
COUNTY RECORDS, SAID CORNER ALSO BEING IN THE SOUTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF RIVER BLUFF DRIVE, 50 FEET WIDE; THENCE ALONG EAST LINE OF SAID AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. PROPERTY, SOUTH 25 DEGREES 37 MINUTES 57 SECONDS WEST 44.27 FEET TO THE
POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID EAST LINE OF AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES INC. PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES: ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT WHOSE CHORD BEARS SOUTH 45 DEGREES 28 MINUTES 13 SECONDS EAST
22.44 FEET AND WHOSE RADIUS POINT BEARS SOUTH 41 DEGREES 25 MINUTES 49 SECONDS WEST 207.50 FEET FROM THE LAST MENTIONED POINT, AN ARC DISTANCE OF 22.45 FEET; SOUTH 42 DEGREES 22 MINUTES 16 SECONDS EAST 31.38 FEET; ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT WHOSE
CHORD BEARS SOUTH 64 DEGREES 57 MINUTES 52 SECONDS WEST 53.60 FEET AND WHOSE RADIUS POINT BEARS NORTH 86 DEGREES 30 MINUTES 49 SECONDS WEST 30.50 FEET FROM THE LAST MENTIONED POINT, AN ARC DISTANCE OF 65.45 FEET AND NORTH 53 DEGREES 33 MINUTES 26
SECONDS WEST 16.65 FEET TO THE EAST LINE OF SAID AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID EAST  
      Ex. B-93  

LINE, NORTH 25 DEGREES 37 MINUTES 57 SECONDS EAST 57.35 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING AND CONTAINING 2,466 SQUARE FEET ACCORDING TO CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC. DURING FEBRUARY,
2007.     PARCEL NO. 10:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF
LOTS 2 AND 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI, MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EAST LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ALSO ON THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE
OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70, AND BEING 150.00 FEET PERPENDICULARLY DISTANT NORTH OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE CENTERLINE STATION 10 + 31.65; THENCE ALONG THE EAST LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY, NORTH 27  24  14 
EAST 432.08 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62  35  46  WEST 60.00 FEET TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF LOT 2 OF  ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK
33 PAGES 40 AND 41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE WESTWARDLY ALONG THE NORTH LINE OF LOT 2 OF SAID  ST. CHARLES STATION , NORTH 57  59  46 
WEST 136.19 FEET TO A POINT IN THE EAST LINE OF SOUTH MAIN STREET; THENCE ALONG THE SAID EAST LINE OF SOUTH MAIN STREET; THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 27  28  57  EAST 320.73 FEET TO A POINT; AND NORTH 28  41 
27  EAST 358.46 FEET TO THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF PROPERTY CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1796 PAGE 239 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG THE NORTH LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION,
SOUTH 60  18  24  EAST 127.37 FEET TO A POINT IN THE WEST LINE OF AFORESAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID WEST LINE, SOUTH 27  24  14  WEST 684.93 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING, ACCORDING TO
SURVEY BY BAX ENGINEERING IN NOVEMBER 2000.    NOTE: THE LEGAL DESCRIPTION IS SHOWN FOR CONVENIENCE ONLY, SUBJECT TO UNDERWRITING APPROVAL.  
      Ex. B-94  

River City    
 Leasehold estate as created by that certain lease dated August 12, 2004, executed by St. Louis County Post Authority, as lessor, and Pinnacle Entertainment
Inc., as lessee, together with a grant of exclusivity and the right of first refusal, notice of which is given in the Memorandum of Lease recorded February 10, 2006 in Book 17061 page 4701, and Correction to Memorandum of Lease recorded August 20,
2010 in book 19071 page 3997, as to the following:    Lots One (1) of RIVER CITY CASINO SUBDIVISION, A subdivision in St. Louis County, Missouri, according
to the plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 357 pages 445, 446 and 447 of the St. Louis County Records.  
      Ex. B-95  

East Chicago    
 Part of the Fractional Section 22 and Fractional Section 15, Township 37 North, Range 9 West of the Second Principal Meridian, in Lake County, Indiana, more
particularly described as follows: Commencing at point  G  in the Southeasterly bulkhead line (established by U.S. Government permits of March 27, 1908, October 15, 1929 and July 5, 1932), and the Southwesterly right of way line of Aldis
Avenue extended, thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East (assumed record bearing) along the Southwesterly line of Aldis Avenue, 1376.00 feet to a Iron Pipe on the centerline of vacated Lake Place and the Point of Beginning; thence North
43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East along the centerline of vacated Lake Place, 66.30 feet to a iron pipe on the Northeasterly right-of-way line of Aldis Avenue; thence North 34 degrees 53 minutes 04 seconds East, 134.78 feet; thence North 87
degrees 48 minutes 17 seconds East, 79.47 feet; thence North 45 degrees 33 minutes 40 seconds East, 100.50 feet; thence North 27 degrees 26 minutes 34 seconds East, 102.39 feet; thence North 35 degrees 50 minutes 46 seconds East, 100.24 feet; thence
North 43 degrees 17 minutes 00 seconds East, 100.18 feet; thence North 73 degrees 22 minutes 05 seconds East, 92.36 feet; thence South 88 degrees 52 minutes 08 seconds East, 85.40 feet; thence South 45 degrees 50 minutes 45 seconds East, 106.63
feet; thence South 28 degrees 53 minutes 00 seconds East, 115.60 feet; thence South 29 degrees 55 minutes 11 seconds East, 43.65 feet; thence North 72 degrees 41 minutes 04 seconds East, along the North edge of a dock, 63.28 feet; thence North 17
degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West 68.50 feet; thence North 73 degrees 08 minutes 53 seconds East, 13.57 feet; thence South 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds East, along the East edge of the dock, 576.84 feet; thence South 72 degrees 59 minutes 54
seconds West, 13.46 feet; thence North 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West, 47.95 feet; thence South 74 degrees 17 minutes 22 seconds West, along the South edge of the dock, 61.64 feet; thence South 09 degrees 56 minutes 52 seconds East, 57.80
feet; thence South 04 degrees 06 minutes 11 seconds East, 100.97 feet; thence South 13 degrees 30 minutes 52 seconds West, 101.43 feet; thence South 12 degrees 57 minutes 25 seconds West, 101.27 feet; thence South 28 degrees 36 minutes 02 seconds
East, 100.89 feet; thence South 36 degrees 52 minutes 10 seconds East, 100.32 feet; thence South 44 degrees 18 minutes 16 seconds East, 100.12 feet; thence South 63 degrees 14 minutes 35 seconds East, 107.70 feet; thence South 83 degrees 56 minutes
42 seconds East, 90.42 feet; thence North 03 degrees 16 minutes 06 seconds East, 100.05 feet; thence North 36 degrees 03 minutes 33 seconds East, 38.83 feet; thence South 30 degrees 27 minutes 20 seconds East, 37.74 feet; thence South 03 degrees 35
minutes 32 seconds East, 100.40 feet; thence South 01 degree 33 minutes 00 seconds West, 100.00 feet; thence South 02 degrees 24 minutes 49 seconds West, 112.44 feet; thence South 06 degrees 04 minutes 10 seconds East, 58.35 feet; thence South 08
degrees 43 minutes 41 seconds East, 182.27 feet to the Southwesterly line of Aldis Avenue extended, thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East, 15.24 feet to the East line of said Fractional Section 22; thence South 01 degrees 46 minutes 06
seconds East, along said East line, 325.27 feet, to a monument found at Point  C  at the intersection of the East line of said Fractional Section 22 and the Northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended; thence North 46 degrees
46 minutes 06 seconds  
      Ex. B-96  

West, along the Northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended, 1285.87 feet; thence South 43 degrees 13 minutes 54 seconds West, 15.90 feet; thence North 55 degrees 51 minutes 36
seconds West 465.73 feet; thence North 43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East, 319.49 feet to the Southwesterly line of Aldis Avenue extended; thence North 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West, along said Southwesterly line, 330.00 feet to the point
of beginning.  
      Ex. B-97  

</EX-2.3>

<EX-2.4>
 3
 exhibit24093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 2.4

EX-2.4 

Exhibit 2.4  
  SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER LEASE   
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER LEASE (this   Amendment  ) is made and effective as of October 25, 2016 (the   Effective
Date  ), by and between GOLD MERGER SUB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an office at c/o Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc., 845 Berkshire Blvd., Suite 200, Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610, as landlord (together with its
permitted successors and assigns,   Landlord  ), and PINNACLE MLS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having an office at 3980 Howard Hughes Parkway, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169, as tenant (together with its permitted successors
and assigns,   Tenant  ).     W I T N E S S E T H:   
 WHEREAS, Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. (as predecessor by merger to Landlord) (  Pinnacle  ), as landlord, and Tenant, as
tenant, entered into that certain Master Lease, dated as of April 28, 2016, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Master Lease, dated as of August 29, 2016, by and between Landlord and Tenant (as amended, the   Master Lease  
capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Master Lease);  
 WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2015, by and among Pinnacle, Landlord, and Gaming and Leisure
Properties, Inc. (  GLPI  ), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 25, 2016, by and among Pinnacle, Landlord, and GLPI, Pinnacle merged with and into Landlord on April 28, 2016,
and Pinnacle s interest in the Master Lease was transferred to Landlord by operation of law;    WHEREAS, Pinnacle, PNK Entertainment,
Inc. (  PNK  ), and GLPI entered into that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2016 (the   SDA  ), to effect the Reorganization and the Distribution (each as defined in the SDA);  
 WHEREAS, PNK s subsidiary, Ameristar Casino East Chicago, LLC (  Ameristar East Chicago  ), is party to that certain Lease
by and between Ameristar East Chicago, as tenant, and the City of East Chicago, Department of Redevelopment, as landlord (the   East Chicago Ground Lessor  ), dated October 25, 1995 and recorded November 10, 1995 as Document No.
95068690 in the Office of the Recorder of Lake County, Indiana (as amended, assigned or otherwise modified, the   East Chicago Ground Lease    
 WHEREAS, in satisfaction of the requirements of Section 2.1(d), Section 2.6 and Section 2.7 of the SDA with respect to the East Chicago Ground
Lease, PNK caused Ameristar East Chicago to enter into that Third Amendment to Redevelopment Lease (the   Third Amendment  ) with Landlord, East Chicago Ground Lessor and City of East Chicago, Indiana, dated as of August 22, 2016,
whereby (i) East Chicago Ground Lessor consented to the assignment by Ameristar East Chicago to Landlord of Ameristar East Chicago s interest as tenant under the East Chicago Ground Lease and (ii) the parties agreed to amend the legal
description of the portion of the Pinnacle Real Property leased pursuant to the East Chicago Ground Lease (the   East Chicago Property    

WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant each desire to amend the Master Lease to amend   Exhibit
B   attached thereto to amend the legal description of the East Chicago Property, as more fully described herein.    NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the provisions set forth in the Master Lease as amended by this Amendment, including, but not limited to, the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained therein and herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby respectively acknowledged, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof and hereof, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree that the Master Lease shall be
amended as follows:     ARTICLE I   
  AMENDMENT TO NOTICE ADDRESS OF LANDLORD   
 1.1 The parties hereby agree that Landlord has updated its notice address and from and after the date hereof, any notice, request or other
communication to the Landlord under the Master Lease should be sent to:    Gold Merger Sub, LLC  
 c/o Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc.  
 845 Berkshire Blvd., Suite 200  
 Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610  
 Attention: Chief Executive Officer  
 Facsimile: (610) 401-2901    with a
copy to (which shall not constitute notice):    Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen   Katz  
 51 West 52nd Street    New York, NY
10019    Attention: Mark A. Koenig, Esq.  
 Facsimile: (212) 403-2369  
  ARTICLE II      AMENDMENT OF
EXHIBIT B TO THE MASTER LEASE     2.1 The parties hereby agree that   Exhibit B   of the Master Lease shall be amended as
follows:    (a) On page B-96 of   Exhibit B   and with respect to   East Chicago  , the legal description shall be
amended and restated in its entirety with the following legal description:     Part of Fractional Section 22 and Fractional Section 15,
Township 37 North, Range 9 West of the Second Principal Meridian, in Lake County, Indiana, more particularly described as follows:  
      2  

Commencing at point  G  on the Southeasterly bulkhead line (established by U.S.
Government permits of March 27, 1908, October 15, 1929 and July 5, 1932), and the Southwesterly right of way line of Aldis Avenue extended; thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East (assumed Record Bearing) along the Southwesterly line of
Aldis Avenue, 1376.00 feet to the centerline of vacated Lake Place and the Point of Beginning; thence North 43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East, along the centerline of vacated Lake Place, 66.30 feet to the Northeasterly right of way line of Aldis
Avenue; thence North 34 degrees 53 minutes 04 seconds East, 134.78 feet; thence North 87 degrees 48 minutes 17 seconds East, 79.47 feet; thence North 45 degrees 33 minutes 40 seconds East 100.50 feet; thence North 27 degrees 26 minutes 34 seconds
East, 102.39 feet; thence North 35 degrees 50 minutes 46 seconds East, 100.24 feet; thence North 43 degrees 17 minutes 00 seconds East, 100.18 feet; thence North 73 degrees 22 minutes 05 seconds East, 92.36 feet; thence South 88 degrees 52 minutes
08 seconds East, 85.40 feet; thence South 45 degrees 50 minutes 45 seconds East, 106.63 feet; thence South 28 degrees 53 minutes 00 seconds East, 115.60 feet; thence South 29 degrees 55 minutes 11 seconds East, 43.65 feet; thence North 72 degrees 41
minutes 04 seconds East, 63.28 feet; thence North 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West, 68.50 feet; thence North 73 degrees 08 minutes 53 seconds East, 13.57 feet; thence South 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds East, 576.84 feet; thence South 72
degrees 59 minutes 54 seconds West, 13.46 feet; thence North 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West, 47.95 feet; thence South 74 degrees 17 minutes 22 seconds West, 61.64 feet; thence South 09 degrees 56 minutes 52 seconds East, 57.80 feet; thence
South 04 degrees 06 minutes 11 seconds East, 100.97 feet; thence South 13 degrees 30 minutes 52 seconds West, 101.43 feet; thence South 12 degrees 57 minutes 25 seconds West, 6.12 feet; thence South 42 degrees 52 minutes 06 seconds West, 259.47
feet; thence South 46 degrees 56 minutes 40 seconds East, 170.00 feet; thence South 43 degrees 03 minutes 20 seconds West, 7.00 feet; thence South 46 degrees 56 minutes 40 seconds East, 168.00 feet; thence South 42 degrees 55 minutes 16 seconds
West, 233.81 feet; thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East, 599.00 feet; thence South 42 degrees 55 minutes 16 seconds West, 55.00 feet to a point on the northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended, said point being 191.13
feet northwesterly of the intersection of said northeasterly line extended with the East line of said Fractional Section 22; thence North 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West along said northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended,
1094.74 feet; thence South 43 degrees 13 minutes 54 seconds West, 15.90 feet; thence North 55 degrees 51 minutes 36 seconds West, 465.73 feet; thence North 43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East, 319.49 feet; thence North 46 degrees 45 minutes 11
seconds West, 329.11 feet, to the Point of Beginning.    Containing 21.570 acres, more or less   
 2.2 For the avoidance of any doubt, the parties hereby agree that the attached   Exhibit B   incorporates and reflects the
amendments set forth in  Section 2.1  above and may be attached and affixed to the Master Lease as an amended and restated   Exhibit B  .  
      3  

2.3 Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge that Tenant and its Affiliates have satisfied their
requirements under Sections 2.1(d), Section 2.6 and Section 2.7 of the SDA with respect to the East Chicago Ground Lease.    ARTICLE III
     AMENDMENT TO MEMORANDUM OF LEASE   
 Landlord and Tenant shall enter into one or more amendments to any memorandum of lease which may be been recorded in accordance with Article XXXIII of the
Master Lease, in form suitable for recording in each county in which a Leased Property is located which amendment is pursuant to this Amendment. Tenant shall pay all costs and expenses of recording any such amendment to memorandum of lease and
shall fully cooperate with Landlord in removing from record any such memorandum of lease upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term with respect to the applicable Facility.  
  ARTICLE IV      AUTHORITY TO
ENTER INTO AMENDMENT     Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) this Amendment and all other documents executed or to be executed by
it in connection herewith have been duly authorized and shall be binding upon it; (ii) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation and is duly authorized and qualified to perform this
Amendment and the Master Lease, as amended hereby, within the State(s) where any portion of the Leased Property is located, and (iii) neither this Amendment or the Master Lease, as amended hereby, nor any other document executed or to be executed in
connection herewith, violates the terms of any other agreement of such party.     ARTICLE V   
  MISCELLANEOUS     5.1
 Costs and Expenses; Fees . Each party shall be responsible for and bear all of its own expenses incurred in connection with pursuing or consummating this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, including, but not
limited to, fees and expenses, legal counsel, accountants, and other facilitators and advisors.    5.2  Choice of Law and Forum Selection
Clause . This Amendment shall be construed and interpreted, and the rights of the parties shall be determined, in accordance with the substantive Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof or of
any other jurisdiction    5.2  Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures  This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. In proving this Amendment, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed by the party against
whom enforcement is sought. Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile or pdf signature and such facsimile or pdf signature shall be deemed an original.  
      4  

5.4.  No Further Modification . Except as modified hereby, the Master Lease
remains in full force and effect.    [ S IGNATURE  P AGE   TO 
F OLLOW    ]  
      5  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each of the
undersigned as of the date first above written.       

LANDLORD:   

GOLD MERGER SUB, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Brandon J. Moore   
 
 Name: 
   
 Brandon J. Moore  
 
 Title: 
   
 Secretary  

TENANT:   

PINNACLE MLS, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Carlos A. Ruisanchez   
 
 Name: 
   
 Carlos A. Ruisanchez  
 
 Title: 
   
 President, Secretary  
 
    Signature Page to Second Amendment to Master Lease    

EXHIBIT B   
 LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS    See attached.  

Ameristar Casino Black Hawk    
 Lot 1, St. Moritz Resort and Casino, Filing No. 1, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being more particularly described as follows:  
 A tract of land in the south one-half of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th p.m., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado,
being a part of the Huddleston Extension, the Elephant Lode, the Eagle Nest Lode, and certain tracts on the West Side of Richman Street, all being part of the lands described in Book 627, Page 226; and in Book 627, Page 228; and in Book 627, Page
230; and in Book 627, Page 232; and in Book 627, Page 237; and in Book 627, Page 241, and in Book 627, Page 254, and in Book 628, Page 35, more particularly described as follows:  
 Beginning at a point which bears N 42 06 59  E, a distance of 628.59 feet from Corner No. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5664;
thence along the following courses: thence S 00 45 35  E., a distance of 177.47 feet to a point; thence on a non-tangent curve to the right containing a central angle of 35 49 51 , a radius of 255.50 feet, an arc
length of 159.78 feet, a chord bearing of S. 17 09 20  W., a chord distance of 157.19 feet to a point; thence S. 64 30 00  W., a distance of 75.71 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the right containing a central angle
of 10 53 05 , a radius of 1298.20 feet, an arc length of 246.63 feet, a chord bearing of N. 56 49 58  W., a chord distance of 246.26 feet to a point; thence N. 51 27 30  W, a distance of 241.02 feet to a
point; thence N. 29 11 40  E., a distance of 12.36 feet to a point; thence N. 53 19 44  W., a distance of 117.41 feet to a point; thence N. 52 30 00  E., a distance of 571.84 feet to a point; thence S.
17 13 38  E., a distance of 79.93 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the left containing a central angle of 10 02 07 , a radius of 219.50 feet, an arc length of 38.45 feet, a chord bearing S. 22 14 42 
E., a chord distance of 38.40 feet to a point; thence S. 27 15 45  E, a distance of 181.68 feet to a point; thence on a curve to the right containing a central angle of 26 30 10 , a radius of 180.50 feet, an arc length of
83.49 feet, a chord bearing of S 14 00 40  E., a chord distance of 82.75 feet to the point of beginning, Excepting therefrom, any portion of the above land conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at
Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel R:  
 Tract of land situate on the east side of Richman Street in the City of Black Hawk, described as follows: Starting at Highway #119 right-of-way monument
station 842+40; thence N. 23 21 40  W., 142.92 feet to the northwest corner of tract described in Book 279 at Page 221; thence N. 13 46 40  E., 125.23 feet to the point of beginning on the north line of tract #4 described
in Book 269 at Page 309, hence by record the Jennie Blanche. Mineral Survey No. 551, cor. #4 bears S. 4 07 40  E., 34.8 feet and a wall corner bears east 1.6 feet; thence N 3 03  W., 66.55 feet along
 
      Ex. B-1  

wall line; thence N. 1 40 40  E., 45.44 feet along wall line; thence 90 00 00  E., 100 feet; thence S. 1 40 40  W., 45.44 feet; thence S 3 03 
E., 66.55 feet; thence N 90 00 00  W., 100 feet, more or less, along the north boundary line of tract #4 as described in Book 269 at Page 309, to the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel S:    That tract of land as described in Deed recorded
August 4, 1970, in Book 267 at Page 402, Gilpin County, Colorado, described as follows:    A tract of land adjoining the easterly side of Richman Street,
more particularly described as follows, to wit: Commencing at a point on the northerly side line of Jennie Blanche Lode Mining Claim, U.S. mineral Survey No. 551, 150 feet easterly of corner no. 4 of said claim, thence N 90 00 00 
W, to the easterly boundary of said Richman Street; thence southerly along the said boundary of Richman Street to a   1   2  inch rebar which bears S.
20 24  W., 92.7 feet from a capped marked 4/551, being corner no. 4 of said Survey No. 551; thence S 68 06  E. 77.98 feet to a point of intersection in the westerly end of said Survey No. 551; thence N 19 45 00  W.,
122.45 feet to said corner no. 4 of Survey 551; thence easterly along the northerly line of said Survey No. 551 to the Point of Beginning;    Except any
portion thereof as maybe in conflict with the Bryan tract, Black Hawk City Title, and which may be included within the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel S-1:    That portion of the Bryan Lode or Tract, as
described in Deed recorded November 25, 1898, in Book 135 at Page 274, City of Black Hawk, lying within the boundaries of Parcel S, above, but excepting therefrom, any portion as conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the deed recorded January 5,
2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel T:  
 That part of the Jennie Blanche lode Mining Claim, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 551, lying westerly of a line that is parallel to the end lines of said mining
claim and intersects the northerly side line thereof at a point 150 feet easterly of corner no. 4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode Mining Claim, except that part described as follows: A tract of land in the south half of Section 7, Township 3 South,
Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being a part of the Jennie Blanche Lode, Mineral Survey No. 551, from which Point of Beginning corner no. 3 of said Jennie Blanche Lode bears S
19 45 00  E., a distance of 11.28 feet, and the west   1   4  corner of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West bears N 72 03 49 
W., 3364.64 feet, and corner no.. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5864 bears S.  
      Ex. B-2  

75 48 09  W., a distance of 535.15 feet; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along line 3-4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode a distance of 17.17 feet; thence S 87 50 51 
E., parallel with and 3 feet northerly of a concrete retaining wall, a distance of 6.15 feet; thence S 1 14 25  W., parallel with and 3 feet easterly of a concrete retaining wall, a distance of 15.93 feet to a point on said line 3-4,
the Point of Beginning, And except any portion thereof lying westerly of the easterly boundary of Richman Street, And except any portion conveyed to Richman Properties Limited Liability Company by Boundary Settlement and Real Property Trade
Agreement recorded June 29, 1998, in Book 644, Page 409, And except any portion conveyed by Deeds recorded in Book 644 at Pages 402, 405, and 407, And except any portion conveyed to the City of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at
Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Which property, parcels, R, S, S-1 and T, are also described as follows: 
 A tract of land in the South half of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado,
which begins at a point on the east line of Richman Street, and from which point of beginning the west   1   4  corner of said Section 7 bears N.
72 30 37  W., 3271.41 feet, and corner no. 21 of the Security Placer, Mineral Survey No. 5864 bears S. 67 10 39  W., a distance of 475.05 feet; thence N. 13 21 00  E., along said east line of Richman Street
a distance of 116.56 feet to a point; thence leaving said east line of Richman Street N 90 00 00  E., a distance of 8.06 feet; thence N 3 03 00  W., a distance of 72.83 feet; thence N. 1 40 40  E., a
distance of 45.44 feet; thence N 90 00 00  E., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence S 1 40 40  W., a distance of 45.44 feet; thence S. 03 03 00  E., a distance of 72.83 feet; thence N 90 00 00 
E., a distance of 44.65 feet to a point on line 4-5 of the Jennie Blanche Lode, Mineral Survey no. 551; thence S. 19 45 00  E., a distance of 150.90 feet to a point on line 2-3 said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S.
76 30 00  W., along said line 2-3 a distance of 150.00 feet to corner no. 3 of said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along line 3-4 of said Jennie Blanche Lode, a distance of 11.28 feet; thence N.
01 14 25  E., parallel with and 3 feet easterly of a concrete wall, a distance of 15.93 feet; thence N. 87 50 51  W., parallel with and 3 feet north of said wall, a distance of 6.15 feet to a point on said line 3-4 of
said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence N. 19 45 00  W., along said line a distance of 8.25 feet; thence N. 68 06 00  W., a distance of 77.99 feet to the Point of Beginning, but excepting any portion thereof conveyed to the City
of Black Hawk in the Deed recorded January 5, 2009 at Reception No. 138170, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel I:  
      Ex. B-3  

A tract of land in the East
  1   2  and SW   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the East   1   4  corner of said Section 7; thence S. 00 12 28  W., along the East line of the SE   1   4  of Section 7 a distance of 605.56 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of the Libra Lode   Dump Site; thence N. 39 25 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 483.30 feet
to a corner of said Lode; thence East a distanced of 191.00 feet to a corner of said Lode; thence S. 39 25 00  W., along the Southeasterly side line said Lode a distance of 1500.00 feet to a corner said Lode; thence West a distance of
191.00 feet to a corner said lode; thence N. 44 00 00  W., a distance of 101.33 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Silver Lode; thence 46 00 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of
250.48 feet to a corner said Lode; thence West along the North line said Silver Lode a distance of 215.98 feet to a corner said Lode; thence N. 61 45 04  W., a distance of 194.02 feet to a corner of the Gertrude Lode; thence S.
62 31 27  W., along the Southeasterly side line said Gertrude Lode a distance of 283.98 feet to a point on the Easterly line of the Chicago Lode; thence S. 9 4 00  E., along the Easterly line said Chicago Lode a distance
of 93.60 feet to a corner said Lode; thence S. 80 06 00  W., along the Southeasterly line said Chicago lode a distance of 294.53 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line said Gertrude Lode; thence S. 62 31 27  W.,
along said Southeasterly line a distance of 357.62 feet to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Highway No. 119; thence along said right of way line and along the arc of a curve to the left, central angle = 4 57 50 , radius =
2940.00 feet, an arc length of 254.71 feet, the chord of said arc bears S. 89 21 18  W., a distance of 254.63 feet; thence S 86 52 23  W., a distance of 85.40 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said
Gertrude Lode; thence N. 62 31 27  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 186.79 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line said Chicago Lode; thence S. 80 06 00  W., along said Southeasterly side line a
distance of 444.61 feet to a point on said Northeasterly right of way line Highway No. 119; thence Westerly along said right of way line, along the arc of a curve to the right, central angle = 4 29 00 , radius = 1273.20, an arc length
of 99.62 feet to a point on the Southeasterly line of the T.I. Richman Tract, the chord of said arc bears N. 79 36 36  W., a distance of 99.60 feet; thence N. 36 06 00  E., along said Southeasterly line a distance of
91.86 feet to an angle point in said Tract; thence N 4 00 00  W., along the Easterly line of said T.I. Richman tract a distance of 1.66 feet to a point on the Northeasterly side line of said Chicago Lode; thence N.
80 06 00  E., along said Northwesterly side line of a 787.50 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Gertrude Lode; thence N. 62 31 27  E., along said Northwesterly side line a distance of 739.19 feet to
the Northeast corner said Lode; thence N. 45 35 45  W., a distance of 80.09 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the South Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 63 59 50  W., along said Southeasterly line a distance
of 750.23 feet to corner No. 3 said Lode; thence N. 26 00 00  W., a distance of 117.00 feet to corner No. 4 said Lode which point on the Southeasterly side line of the Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 64 00 22  W., along
said Southeasterly side line a distance of 361.77 feet to corner No. 2 said Lode; thence S. 76 21 39  W., along said Southeasterly side line  
      Ex. B-4  

a distance of 35.63 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Gilpin County Tunnel or Lode; thence S. 52 18 00  W., a distance of 36.23 feet to corner No. 2 said Lode;
thence N. 37 42 00  W., along the Southwesterly line said Lode a distance of 16.94 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of said Jennie Blanche Lode; thence S. 76 31 05  W., along said side line a distance of
263.41 feet to a point on the Easterly line said T.I. Richman Tract; thence N. 4 39 00  W., along said Easterly line a distance of 136.52 feet to an angle point in said Tract; thence N. 84 58 00  W., along the North line
said Tract a distance of 96.15 feet; thence N. 3 03 00  W., a distance of 67.72 feet; thence N. 1 40 40  E., a distance of 45.44 feet; thence West distance of 110.85 feet to a point on the East right of way line of
Richman Street; thence N. 4 14 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 0.43 feet; thence N. 85 46 00  E., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence N04 14 00  W., a distance of 144.00 feet; thence
S85 46 00  W., a distance of 11.89 feet to a point on the West line of the Klondyke Lode; thence N. 35 26 00  W., a distance of 8.49 feet; thence N. 65 06 00  E., a distance of 10.53 feet; thence N.
23 49 00  W., a distance of 26.00 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Leopold Lode; thence N. 54 34 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 1076.85 feet to a point of the Southerly side
line of the Democrat Lode; thence N. 80 40 00  W., along said Southerly side line a distance of 213.00 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Leopold Lode; thence S. 54 34 00  W., along said Northwesterly
side line a distance of 883.16 feet to a point on the Northeasterly line of the Fullerton Tract; thence S. 31 10 00  E., along said Northeasterly line a distance of 102.90 feet; thence S. 65 06 0  W., along the
Southeasterly line said tract a distance of 100.60 feet; thence N. 31 10 00  W., along the Southwesterly line said tract a distance of 109.07 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Elephant Lode; thence S.
52 30 00  W., along the Southeasterly side line a distance of 10.29 feet to a point on the East right of way line of Richman Street; thence N. 23 49 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 154.38 feet to a
point on the Northwesterly side line said Elephant Lode; thence N. 52 30 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 31.19 feet to a point on the Westerly line of the Prince Henry Lode; thence N. 34 08 00  W.,
along said Westerly line a distance of 68.86 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Lion Lode; thence S. 54 05 00 W., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 18.38 feet to a point on said East right of way line of
Richman Street; thence N. 23 49 00  W., along said East right of way line a distance of 152.94 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line of said Lion Lode; thence N. 54 05 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a
distance of 180.03 feet to corner No. 4 said Lode; thence S. 69 10 48  E., a distance of 178.85 feet to corner No. 3 said Lode; thence S. 40 09 24  E., a distance of 114.55 feet to a point on the Northwesterly side line
of the Black Bear Lode; thence N. 55 52 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 280.31 feet to a point on the Westerly line of the Missouri Lode; thence S. 45 53 0  E., along said Westerly line a distance of
71.34 feet to a corner said Lode; thence N. 54 14 00  E., along the Southeasterly side line said Lode a distance of 45.56 feet to a point on the West line of the Radical Lode; thence S. 38 12 14  E., a distance of 49.38
to corner No. 4 Radical Lode; thence N. 52 06 43  E., along the southeasterly side line said Radical Lode a distance of 462.47 feet to a point on the North line of the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4  of said Section 7; thence N. 86 53 19  E., along said North line a distance of 453.69
 
      Ex. B-5  

feet to the Southwest corner of the SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  of Section 7; thence N. 1 46 45  W., along the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  a distance of 320.31 feet to a point on the Southeast side line of the Radical Lode; thence N.
52 06 43  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 463.02 feet to corner No. 3 said Radical Lode; thence N. 37 53 00  W., a distance of 50.00 feet to corner 2 said Radical Lode; thence S.
52 06 43  W., along the Northwesterly side line said Radical Lode a distance of 426.56 feet to a point on the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 01 46 45  W., along said West line a distance of 512.06 feet to a point on the Southeasterly side line of the Champion Lode; thence N.
56 37 00  E., along said Southeasterly side line a distance of 510.33 feet to a point; thence S. 35 37 00  E., a distance of 1010.36 feet to a point; thence East a distance of 332.26 feet to a point on the East line of
the NE   1   4  of said Section 7; thence S. 2 43 41  E., along said East line a distance of 283.62 feet, to the East
  1   4  corner said Section 7, the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Excepting therefrom that part of the above described parcel described as commencing at the East   1   4  Corner of said Section 7; thence S. 25 56 22  W., a distance of 285.08 feet to the True Point of Beginning; thence S. 24 26 34  W., a distance of 90.00 feet; thence S.
65 33 26  W., a distance of 30.00 feet; thence N. 24 26 34  W., a distance of 90.00 feet; thence N. 65 33 26  E., a distance of 30.00 feet to the True Point of Beginning, as excepted in original conveyance
from the City of Black Hawk to Windsor Woodmont LLC, in Deed recorded June 16, 1998, in Book 643 at Page 443, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, and  
 Excepting therefrom, that portion described as follows (Tank Site):  
 A tract of land located in Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th Principal Meridian, City of Blackhawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado
being more particularly described as follows:    Considering the North line of the Northwest Quarter of the Southeast Quarter of said Section 7 as bearing
North 86 49 50  East from a found US Department of the Interior comer being a 3 1/2  Aluminum cap marked MS 7626 and being South 86  49 50  West, 993.31 feet from the East Sixteenth comer of Section 7 being a found 3
1/2  Aluminum cap and with all bearings contained herein relative thereto:    Commencing at said MS 7626 comer;  
 Thence South 45 37 31  East 819.01 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING;  
 Thence North 38 54 52  East, 170.00 feet;    Thence
South 85 34 06  East, 157.00 feet;    Thence South 22 29 34  East, 300.00 feet;  
 Thence South 70 14 05  West, 35.00 feet;    Thence
South 75 06 04  West, 50.00 feet;    Thence South 83 40 21  West, 95.00 feet;  
 Thence South 88 44 40  West, 95.00 feet;  
      Ex. B-6  

Thence North 55 27 53  West, 35.57 feet;  
 Thence along a non-tangent curve concave to the Northeast having a central angle of 25 05 57  with a radius of 125.00 feet, and an arc length of
54.76 feet and the chord of which bears North 35 21  05  West, 54.32 feet; Thence North 19 43 24  West, 137.99 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Parcel II:    A tract of land in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, township 3 South. Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the Northwest corner of said SE   1   4  o the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 88 01 24  E., along the North
line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  a distance of 443.14 feet to a point
on the Northwesterly side line of the Champion Lode; thence S. 56 17 54  W., along said line a distance of 522.10 feet to a point on the West line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence N. 01 46 45  W, along said West line a distance of 274.55 feet to the point of
beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel III:  
 That part of the Democrat Lode, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 7626 lying within the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State
of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at a point on the North line said NW   1   4  SE   1   4  which point is the intersection of said North line with the Northwesterly side line of the Radical Lode, U.S.
Mineral Survey No. 211; thence S. 52 06 43  W., along said side line a distance of 170.44 to a point on the Southerly side line Democrat Lode; thence N. 80 40 00  W., along said side line a distance of 325.62 feet to a
corner No. 4 said Democrat Lode; thence N. 9 20 00  E., along the West line said Democrat Lode a distance of 27.70 feet to a point on said North line of the NW   1   4  of the SE   1   4 ; thence N. 86 53 19  E., along said line a distance o 451.99 feet to the Point of Beginning,
County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel IV:    The
Mayflower Tunnel Lode as described in Book 605 at Page 14, City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, being in the SW   1   4  of Section 8, Township
3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., described as follows:  
      Ex. B-7  

Beginning at the most Northerly corner said Lode from which point the West
  1   4  corner of said Section 8 bears N. 48 48 17  W., a distance of 885.42 feet; thence S. 32 00 00  E., a distance of 151.47 feet
to the most Easterly corner said Lode; thence S. 50 00 00  W., a distance of 871.20 feet to the most Southerly corner said Lode; thence N. 32 00 00  W., a distance of 151.47 feet to the most Westerly corner said Lode;
thence N. 50 00 00  E., a distance of 871.20 feet to the Point of Beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel V:  
 That part of the Democrat Lode, U.S. Mineral Survey No. 7626, the Silver Dime Lode, City Title and the Prince Henry Lode, City Title lying in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the
6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which begins at the intersection of the South line of said SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  with line 4-1 said Democrat Lode, from which point corner No. 4 said Democrat Lode bears S. 9 20 00  W., a distance of 27.70 feet; thence N.
9 20 00  E., along said Line 4-1 and along the Westerly line of said Silver Dime Lode a distance of 247.30 feet to the Northwest corner said Silver Dime Lode; thence S. 80 40 00  E., along the Northerly line said Silver
Dime Lode a distance of 338.92 feet to the intersection with the Northerly line of said Prince Henry Lode; thence N. 54 09 22  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 437.51 feet to the Northeasterly corner said Prince Henry Lode;
thence S. 34 08 00  E., a distance of 22.47 feet to a point on the Northerly line of the Missouri Lode, City Title; thence S 44 07 00  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 121.76 feet to an angle point in said
Northerly line; thence S. 54 14 00  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 273.89 feet to a point on the Northerly line of said Silver Dime Lode; thence S. 80 40 00  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 180.09
feet to a point on the Northerly line of the Radical Lode, Mineral Survey No. 211; thence S. 52 06 43  W., along said Northerly line a distance of 204.23 feet to a point on the South line said SE
  1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7; thence S. 86 53 19 
W., along said South line a distance of 452.99 feet to the point of beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel VI:  
 That part of the Silver Dollar Lode, City Title and the Black Bear Lode, City Title lying in the SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which
begins at the intersection of the South line said SE   1   4  of the NE
  1   4  and the Southerly line of the Radical Lode Mineral Survey No. 211; thence N. 52 06 43  E., along said Southerly line a distance of 415.95
feet to a point on the Northerly line said Silver Dollar Lode; thence N. 84 09 00  E., along said Northerly line a distance of 117.83 feet to a point on the East line said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4 ; thence S. 01 46 45  E., along said East line a distance of 150.38 feet to a point on the
Southerly line said Silver Dollar Lode; thence S. 84 09 00  W., along said Southerly line a distance of 60.07 feet to a point on the Northeasterly line of the Leopold Lode, City Title; thence N. 35 26 00  W., along said
Northeasterly line a  
      Ex. B-8  

distance of 107.97 feet to the most Northerly corner said Leopold Lode; thence S. 54 34 00  W., along the Northwesterly line said Leopold Lode a distance of 338.35 feet to a point
on the South line of the SE   1   4  of the NE 12/4; thence S. 86 53 19  W., along said South line a distance of 52.19 feet to the point of
beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel VII:  
 That part of the Klondyke Lode, City Title lying within the SE   1   4 
of the NE   1   4  of Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, which begins at a point on the South line
said SE   1   4  of the NE   1   4  from which point the Southeast corner
said SE   1   4  NE   1   4  bears N. 86 53 19  E., a distance
of 1.12 feet; thence S. 86 53 19  W., along said South line a distance of 119.85 feet to a point on the Northwesterly line of said Klondyke Lode; thence N. 54 34 00  E., along said Northwesterly line a distance of 101.28
feet to the most Northerly corner said Klondyke Lode; thence S. 35 26 00  E., along the Northeasterly line said Klondyke Lode a distance of 64.08 feet to the point of beginning, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel VIII:    A tract of land located within the South Half of
Section 7, Township 3 South, Range 72 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, City of Black Hawk, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado, more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the East Quarter Corner of said Section 7, whence the East Line of said Section is assumed to bear S 00 12 28  W with all bearings
contained herein relative thereto, thence S 58 32 18  W, 2081.46 feet to the Northwest corner of the South Jennie Blanche Lode and the True Point of Beginning; thence along the Westerly and Southerly lines of said South Jennie Blanche
Lode S 26 00 00  E, 117.00 feet; thence N 63 59 50  E, 750.23 feet; thence S 45 35 45  E, 80.09 feet to a point along the Northerly line of the Gertrude Lode; thence along said Northerly line S
62 31 27  W, 739.19 feet to a point along the Northerly line of the Chicago Lode; thence along said Northerly line S 80 06 00  W, 787.50 feet; thence N 04 39 00  W, 71.32 feet to a point along the Southerly
line of the Jennie Blanche Lode M.S. 551; thence along said Southerly line N 76 31 05  E, 263.41 feet to a point along the Westerly line of the Gilpin County Tunnel; thence along the Westerly and Southerly lines of the Gilpin County
Tunnel S 37 42 00  E, 16.28 feet; thence N 52 18 00  E, 36.23 feet to a point along the Southerly line of the Jennie Blanche Lode M.S. 551; thence along said Southerly line the following two (2) courses:  

Parcel IX:  
      Ex. B-9  

Easement for ingress, egress and roadway purposes as conveyed and described in Grant of Easement and Right of
First Refusal recorded April 29, 1998, in Book 640, Page 79, over, under, upon and across those portions of the Leopold Lode, Black Hawk City Title, said Leopold Lode is as described in Deed recorded July 11, 1902, in Book 150, Page 42, County of
Gilpin, State of Colorado.    Parcel X:    Non-exclusive
easement for air space over Richmond Street as more particularly described in the Air Space Easement Agreement recorded November 4, 2009 at Reception No. 140361, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel XI:    Non-exclusive easement for Slope Stabilization
purposes, as more particularly described in the Slope Stabilization Easement Agreement recorded November 4, 2009 at Reception No. 140362, County of Gilpin, State of Colorado.  
 Parcel XII:    A tract of land in the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of
Section 17, Township 2 South, Range 72 West of the 6th P.M., described as follows:    Beginning at a point on the West line of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4,
which Point of Beginning lies 370 feet North of the Southwest Corner of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 17, and which Point of Beginning is also the Southeast Corner of Lot 9, Colorado Sierra Subdivision Alpha, Unit 1; thence S 82 31 
E, a distance of 502.98 feet to a point on the Westerly line of Colorado State Highway No. 119; thence S 7 24  W, along the Westerly right of way line of said Highway No. 119, a distance of 306.4 feet, more or less, to a point on the South
line of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4; thence S 89 57  W, along said South line of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4, a distance of 464.8 feet to the  
      Ex. B-10  

Southwest Corner of said SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4; thence N 00 39  E, along the West line of said Se 1/4 of the SE 1/4, a distance of 370 feet to the Point of beginning, County of Gilpin,
State of Colorado.  
      Ex. B-11  

Cactus Pete s    
 PARCEL 1:    LOT 2 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY OF RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2 DESCRIBED ABOVE AND
ALSO TO THAT PARCEL WHICH IS DESCRIBED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THIS PARAGRAPH, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1961, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK
381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    ALSO TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH
IS SITUATE NORTH OF LOT 2 AS SHOWN ON THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT AND WHICH IS SITUATE SOUTH OF DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2-A AND 3 REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF
ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985, AS FILE NO. 202802.    EXCLUDING THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH IS SITUATE
WITHIN DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2A AND 3, REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985, AS FILE NO. 202802.  
 PARCEL 2-A:    LOT 2-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2-A DESCRIBED ABOVE,
LESS THOSE PARCELS WHICH ARE EXCEPTED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636,
OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM ALL THAT PORTION OF SAID LOT LYING WITHIN THE NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW
1/4) OF THE  
      Ex. B-12  

SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.  
 ALSO TOGETHER WITH THOSE PORTIONS OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH IS SITUATE SOUTH OF AND WITHIN DICE ROAD AS SHOWN ON THAT
MAP ENTITLED MAP OF LOTS 2, 2-A AND 3 REVISED FIRST ADDITION FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, ON MARCH 19, 1985 AS FILE NO. 202802.  
 PARCEL 2-B:    THAT PORTION OF LOT 2-A OF THE REVISED FIRST
ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220, LYING WITHIN THE NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER
(NW 1/4) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW 1/4) OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.    PARCEL 3:
   LOTS 13 AND 13-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO
COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF ABANDONED ACE ROAD, LYING NORTH AND SOUTH OF THE ABOVE
DESCRIBED LOTS AND BOUNDED BY THE EXTENSION OF THE EASTERLY AND WESTERLY BOUNDARY LINES OF SAID ABOVE MENTIONED LOTS    PARCEL 4:  
 LOT 15 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE
OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    PARCEL 5:  
 LOT 17 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE
OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES
ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO SAID LOT 2-A DESCRIBED ABOVE, LESS THOSE PARCELS WHICH ARE EXCEPTED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THIS PARAGRAPH, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF
 
      Ex. B-13  

NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT CERTAIN PARCEL OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF JACKPOT BY DEED RECORDED MARCH 18, 1976, IN BOOK 226, PAGE 441,
OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    FURTHER EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PORTION OF LOT 17 WHICH IS SITUATE WITHIN THE 60.00 FOOT RIGHT OF WAY, ALONG AND
CONTIGUOUS TO THE EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF U.S. HIGHWAY 93, AS CONVEYED TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY DEED RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 642, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 PARCEL 6:    LOT 17B OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 PARCEL 7:    TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M.  
 SECTION 12: NORTH HALF (N 1/2) OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4); AND THE NORTHWEST
QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4) OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE 1/4) OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER (NW 1/4);    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION
OF SECTION 12 LYING ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCELS OF LAND AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN
BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT CERTAIN PARCEL OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF JACKPOT
BY DEED RECORDED JUNE 24, 1982, IN BOOK 394, PAGE 107, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.    PARCEL 8:  
 LOT 1 OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF
NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.    TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT
AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL, AS ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT  
      Ex. B-14  

DATED OCTOBER 19, 1981, EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 PARCEL 9:    LOT 17-A OF THE REVISED FIRST ADDITION, TOWN OF
JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
 TOGETHER WITH THAT PORTION OF SECTION 1, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 64 EAST, MDB M., WHICH LIES ADJACENT AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL, AS
ABANDONED BY RESOLUTION OF ABANDONMENT EXECUTED BY THE STATE OF NEVADA, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 636, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 FURTHER EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PORTION OF LOT 17-A WHICH IS SITUATE WITHIN THE 60.00 FOOT RIGHT OF WAY, ALONG AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF
U.S. HIGHWAY 93, AS CONVEYED TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY DEED RECORDED FEBRUARY 08, 1982, IN BOOK 381, PAGE 642, OFFICIAL RECORDS, ELKO COUNTY, NEVADA.  
 NOTE: ALL THE ABOVE METES AND BOUNDS DESCRIPTIONS PREVIOUSLY APPEARED IN THAT CERTAIN DOCUMENT RECORDED APRIL 18, 2011 AS INSTRUMENT 639017 ELKO COUNTY
OFFICIAL RECORDS.    PARCEL 10:    LOT 16 OF THE REVISED FIRST
ADDITION, TOWN OF JACKPOT, AS SHOWN ON THE OFFICIAL MAP THEREOF FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF ELKO COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, ON MARCH 29, 1976, AS FILE NO. 97220.  
      Ex. B-15  

Belterra Resort    
 Tract 1:    A part of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West,
located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows: Commencing at the Northwest corner, fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East 2801.00 feet (deed);
thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 West 1265.00 feet (deed) to an iron bar found being the actual Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 270.00 feet to a P.K. Nail found in the centerline of State Road
156; thence along said centerline North 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds West, 175.00 feet to a P.K. Nail set; thence North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East, 270.00 feet to a T-Bar set; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East
175.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 2:    Being a
part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West in Switzerland County, Indiana; beginning on the North-South Quarter Section line at a United States Army Corps of Engineers Marker that is 1,266.73 feet South of its intersection with the
center line of State Highway No. 156, running thence South 77 degrees West 198 feet along the U.S. Government property and marked by an iron stake; thence North 8 degrees West 143 feet to an iron stake in a garden fence; thence South 90 degrees
East, 214 feet to the Quarter Section line; thence South 90 feet to the Place of Beginning.    Together with right of ingress and egress over the present
existing highway leading to and from the above-described tract of land to Indiana State Highway No. 156.    Tract 3:  
 Being a part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West and part of Section 36, Township 2 North, Range 2 West of the First Principal Meridian
located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and being part of Tract 3 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour Real Estate Partition as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from
September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows: Commencing at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East
with the North line of said Section 1, 398.91 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour real estate partition and the true Point of Beginning; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 26 seconds West with the
prolongation of the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of said Dufour s partition, and along the West boundary of the parent tract of land (Hunt  
      Ex. B-16  

D.R. 88, P. 50), 14.94 feet to a rebar; thence severing said parent tract of land the following eight courses and distances: North 52 degrees 09 minutes 19 seconds East, 204.19 feet to
a rebar; thence South 86 degrees 28 minutes 37 seconds East, 69.95 feet to a rebar; thence South 86 degrees 18 minutes 27 seconds East, 49.04 feet to a rebar; thence South 24 degrees 23 minutes 06 seconds East, 38.12 feet to a rebar; thence South 00
degrees 06 minutes 26 seconds West, 129.95 feet to a rebar; thence South 43 degrees 29 minutes 26 seconds East, 212.31 feet to a rebar; thence South 85 degrees 14 minutes 06 seconds East, 360.23 feet to a rebar; thence North
83 degrees 22 minutes 31 seconds East, 151.68 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 2 and 3 of said Dufour s partition, said point along being in the boundary of said Hunt parent Tract of land; thence with the boundary of said parent
Tract of land the following three courses: South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East, 428.78 feet to rebar; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes 57 seconds West, 942.57 feet to a rebar in the line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 of said
Dufour s partition; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West with said line, 646.46 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 4:
   Being a part of fractional Section 1 and fractional Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West and part of Section 35, Township 2 North, Range 2 West
of the first principal meridian and located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and being part of Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour s real estate partition as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court
of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:  
 Beginning at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, thence with the boundary of the Thomas J. and Christine R.
McClain property (D.R. 88, P. 175) the following six courses and distances: North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East with the North line of said Section 1 and the North line of said Tract 4, 398.91 feet to a rebar; thence South 00
degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4 and the East line of said McClain property, 327.11 feet to a rebar; thence South 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West, 957.20 feet to a rebar; thence North 00 degrees 26
minutes 28 seconds West, 324.55 feet to a rebar; thence South 84 (89 degrees per survey) degrees 27 minutes 40 seconds West, 189.39 feet to a rebar; thence North 00 degrees 12 minutes 39 seconds East, 783.23 feet to the center of a creek;
thence with the center of said creek the following four courses: South 74 degrees 45 minutes 05 seconds East, 339.67 feet; thence South 74 degrees 10 minutes 51 seconds East 165.15 feet; thence North 47 degrees 44 minutes 59 seconds East 328.51
feet; thence North 75 degrees 25 minutes 39 seconds East, 19.27 feet, thence South 00 degrees 14 minutes 28 seconds West with the East line of said Section 35 and continuing along the boundary of said McClain Tract, 867.58 feet to the Point of
Beginning.  
      Ex. B-17  

Tract 5:    Being a
part of fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West of the First Principal Meridian, and located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana and being part of Tract 4 of the Daniel Vincent Dufour real estate partition as recorded in the
complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:  
 Commencing at an iron pin at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East with the
North line of said Section 1 and the North line of said Tract 4, 398.91 feet to a rebar at the Northeast corner of said Tract 4; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4, 327.11 feet to the Point of
Beginning; thence continuing South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East with the East line of said Tract 4 and the East line of the Tom McClain property (D.R. 91, P. 146), 282.00 feet to a rebar; thence with the Southerly and Westerly boundary
of said McClain property the following three courses and distances: North 75 degrees 07 minutes 18 seconds West, 156.62 feet to a rebar; thence North 35 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West, 103.81 feet to a rebar; thence North
00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West, 156.35 feet to a rebar; thence North 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East with the Northerly line of said McClain property, 210.60 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Tract 6:    Being a part of the Northeast Quarter of fractional
Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows: Commencing at a corner post at the Northwest corner of fractional Section 1; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East
(assumed bearing), 2801.00 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West, 1168.00 feet to a corner post and the actual Point of Beginning; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes
00 seconds East, 237.00 feet to a stake; thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West, 367.00 feet to a steel nail in the centerline of State Highway No. 156; thence with the highway centerline, North 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds
West 237.00 feet to a steel nail; thence leaving the road, North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East, 367.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 7:
 
      Ex. B-18  

Being a part of fractional Section 1 and fractional Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West of the First
Principal Meridian located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and a part of Tract No. 3 and Tract No. 4 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the Probate
Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and further described as follows:  
 Commencing at a concrete monument found in place at the Northeast corner of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes
48 seconds West a distance of 3996.57 feet, passing through an iron pin with cap in line at 2165.72 feet, with the North line of said Section 1 to an iron pin and cap at the Northwest corner of Tract 2 of said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition;
thence South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 646.50 feet along a common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to an iron pin with cap and the true Point of Beginning; thence continuing
South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 929.20 feet along a common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to a railroad spike in the centerline of Indiana State Road 156; thence continuing
South 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 1412.39 feet with said common line dividing Tract 2 and Tract 3 to an existing Corps of Engineers concrete monument in the Northern line of the lands of the United States of America,
Deed Book 54, page 144; thence South 88 degrees 39 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 726.36 feet with the Northern line of the Land of the United States of America to an iron pin with cap; thence North 81 degrees 12 minutes 36 seconds West a
distance of 203.14 feet with said Northern line to an existing Corps of engineers concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 1399.32 feet along a common line with the Webster Family Limited Partnership, Deed
Book 104, page 79, and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80, and passing through a steel T-Bar found in place 963.58 feet at the Southeast corner of a 2.0000 acre Tract, to a Steel Nail (P.K.) found in place in the center
of Indiana State Road 156; thence North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West a distance of 957.62 feet to a Steel Nail set in the center of Indiana State Road 156; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 1220.07
feet passing through an iron pin with cap set in line at 30.00 feet, and continuing along a common line with the Webster Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 79 and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80, and the
line dividing Tract 4 and Tract 5 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour Partition, to an iron pin with cap set by a stone (broken) found in place; thence North 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East a distance of 746.60 feet along a common line with Thomas
J. McClain and Christine R. McClain Deed Book 86, page 175 to an iron pin with cap set in the center of a gravel township road; thence along a common line with other lands of said McClain, Deed Book 91, page 146, the following (3) courses and
distances; South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 156.35 feet to an iron pin with cap; South 35 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 103.81 feet to an iron pin with cap; South 75 degrees 07 minutes
18  
      Ex. B-19  

seconds East a distance of 156.62 feet to an iron pin with cap on the East side of said township road; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East a distance of 37.39 feet along a
common line with David and Cassandra Hunt, Deed Book 88, page 50 and the common line dividing Tract 3 and Tract 4 in said Daniel Vincent Dufour partition to an iron pin with cap; thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East a
distance of 942.57 feet along a line common with said David and Cassandra Hunt to an iron pin with cap and the Point of Beginning.    Excepting therefrom
that portion thereof conveyed to  Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., an Indiana Corporation , by Warranty Deed recorded April 7, 2000 in Deed Book 110, page 171, being a part of Fractional Section 2, Township 1 North
Range 2 West, First Principal Meridian, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, more particularly described as follows:    Commencing at an iron
pin found at the Northeast corner of Section 2, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, Switzerland County, Indiana; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East 327.55 feet to the North line of a 76.268 acre Tract as described in Deed Record 109,
page 132 in the Office of the Recorder; thence with the North line of said 76.268 acre tract, South 89 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West 558.30 feet to an iron pin found next to a stone; thence with the West line of said 76.268 acre Tract;
South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East, 1220.07 feet (passing an iron pin found at 1190.07 feet) to a nail found in the centerline of State Road 156; thence with the centerline of said road South 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds East 15.00
feet to the Place of Beginning; thence North 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds West 330.00 feet (passing a 5/8  rebar with cap set at 30.01 feet) to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence South 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds East 140.00 feet
to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East 180.00 feet to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West 90.00 feet to a 5/8  rebar with cap set; thence
South 00 degrees 26 minutes 28 seconds East 150.00 feet (passing a 5/8  rebar with cap set at 119.99 feet) to the centerline of State Road 156; thence with said centerline, North 88 degrees 44 minutes 40 seconds West 50.00 feet to the Place of
Beginning.    Tract 8:    A part of Section 1, Township 1
North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows:    Beginning in the centerline of State Road 156 at the Northeast
corner of the Southwest Quarter, Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; hence South 01 degree 33 minutes 32 seconds West 1064.75 feet to a railroad spike found; thence North 89 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West 214.00 feet
to a rebar set; thence  
      Ex. B-20  

South 08 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds East 143.00 feet to a rebar set; thence South 75 degrees 57 minutes 47 seconds West 210.10 feet; thence South 81 degrees 32 minutes 12 seconds West 550.62
feet to a concrete monument; thence South 86 degrees 25 minutes 25 seconds West 568.58 to a concrete monument; thence North 01 degree 24 minutes 35 seconds East 1412.95 feet to a nail set in the centerline of State Road 156; thence along
said centerline South 88 degrees 22 minutes 08 seconds East 1504.80 feet to the Point of Beginning.    Tract 9:  
 Being part of the Northwest Quarter of fractional Section 1, Township North, Range 2 West, York Township, Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows:
Commencing at a corner post at the Northwest corner of said fractional Section 1, thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes East, (assumed bearing), 2801.00 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes West,
1265.00 feet to a stake in a fence line and the actual Place of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes West, 270.00 feet to a steel nail in the centerline of State Highway No. 156; thence with the center of said Highway North
88 degrees 41 minutes West, 350.00 feet to a steel nail; thence leaving the highway North 02 degrees 55 minutes East, 270.00 feet to a stake; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes East, 350.00 feet to the Place of Beginning.  
 Excepting therefrom, a part of Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West, located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, described as follows:
Commencing at the Northwest corner, fractional Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East 2801.00 feet (deed); thence South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 1265.00 feet (deed), to an iron bar
found being the actual Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds West 270.00 feet to a P.K. Nail found in the centerline of State Road 156; thence along said centerline North 88 degrees 41 minutes
00 seconds West 175.00 feet to a P.K. Nail set; thence North 02 degrees 55 minutes 00 seconds East 270.00 feet to a T-Bar set; thence South 88 degrees 41 minutes 00 seconds East 175.00 feet to the Point of Beginning.  
 Tract 10:    Leasehold estate pursuant to a certain lease dated
December 11, 1998 by and between the Webster Family Limited Partnership and The Diuguid Family Limited Partnership as landlord and Pinnacle Gaming Development Corp. as tenant as set out in a memorandum of lease recorded December 30, 1998 in
Miscellaneous Record AA, page 148, as assigned to Belterra Resort Indiana, LLC by assignment recorded December 15, 2000 in Miscellaneous Record CC, page 182 with respect to the following real estate:  
      Ex. B-21  

Being part of fractional Section 1, Township 1, North, Range 2 West of the first principal meridian located in
York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana and a part of Tract No. 1 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order
Book from September term 1850 to July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and is further described as follows:    Commencing at a concrete monument found
in place at the Northeast corner of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds West a distance of 1140.71 feet with the North line of said Section 1 to a point; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27
seconds East a distance of 350.47 feet to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek and the true Point of Beginning; thence continuing South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 3093.92 feet, passing through concrete
monuments found in line at 33.25 feet, 708.25 feet, 1202.08 feet, 1773.20 feet, 2393.28 feet respectively and through an iron pin with cap found in line at 1262.08 feet and a stone found in line at 2747.80 feet, along a common line in part with
the lands now or formerly owned by William L. Martin and Vernon Martin, Deed Book 89, page 154 in the Records of Switzerland County, Indiana, and along a common line in part with the lands now or formerly owned by James O. Chaskel Deed Book 90, page
292 in said records, to a point in the Ohio River and in the Indiana-Kentucky Stateline as established by the Supreme Court of the United States, October term 1985, No. 81, (see Kentucky s V. Indiana, Orig. No. 81 joint Exhibit No. 50);
thence downstream with said Indiana-Kentucky stateline the following three courses and distances; South 75 degrees 07 minutes 19 seconds West a distance of 211.68 feet to a point; South 72 degrees 59 minutes 38 seconds West a distance of 708.68 feet
to a point; South 72 degrees 37 minutes 29 seconds West a distance of 159.59 feet to a point; thence North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 1125.10 feet, passing through a concrete monument found in line at 974.79 feet along
a common line with the lands of the United States of America, Deed Book 55, page 7 in said records, to a Corps of Engineers concrete monument; thence South 70 degrees 43 minutes 28 seconds West a distance of 336.38 feet along a common line with
said lands of the United States of America to a Corps of Engineers concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 1155.39 feet along a common line in part with the lands of Walter and Thelma Earls, Deed Book
95, page 111 in said records and then in line with the lands of John and Dorothy Keaton, Deed Book 96, page 353 in said records, passing through a railroad spike found in line at 90.00 feet and an iron pin with cap found in line at 1125.39 feet
to a point in the center of Indiana State Road 156; thence along common lines with the lands of Raymond and and Evelyn Hatton, Deed Book 82, page 320 in said records the following three (3) courses and distances: North 89 degrees 55 minutes 36
seconds East a distance of 237.00 feet, passing through a steel nail found at 1.08 feet to a point in the center of said highway North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 367.00 feet, passing through a monument found in line
 
      Ex. B-22  

at 30.00 feet, to a found iron pin; South 89 degrees 55 minutes 36 seconds West a distance of 237.00 feet to a found concrete monument; thence North 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds West a
distance of 1169.05 feet along a common line with the lands of Webster, Dirguid and Showers, Deed Book 99, page 150, Deed Book 101, Page 162 and Deed Book 107 page 112 in said records, passing through a concrete monument found in line at 433.40
feet, an iron pin and cap found in line at 870.84 feet, a concrete monument found in line at 1134.34 feet, to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence upstream with the center of Log Lick Creek and its meanders and along a common line in part
with said Webster, Dirguid and Showers and along a common line in part with Brichto and Stewart, Deed Book 106, page 276, the following twelve (12) courses and distances; North 88 degrees 44 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 103.41 feet to
a point; South 36 degrees 27 minutes 11 seconds East a distance of 183.51 feet to a point; North 87 degrees 03 minutes 47 seconds East a distance of 83.49 feet to a point; North 49 degrees 37 minutes 18 seconds East a distance of 138.52 feet to a
point; South 73 degrees 53 minutes 44 seconds East a distance of 205.55 feet to a point; South 68 degrees 56 minutes 45 seconds East a distance of 254.82 feet to a point; South 22 degrees 22 minutes 14 seconds East a distance of 247.58 feet to
a point; South 46 degrees 36 minutes 50 seconds East a distance of 69.18 feet to a point; South 88 degrees 32 minutes 11 seconds East a distance of 51.50 feet to a point; North 36 degrees 59 minutes 31 seconds East a distance of 150.14 feet to
a point; North 63 degrees 41 minutes 37 seconds East a distance of 74.63 feet to a point; North 82 degrees 08 minutes 29 seconds East a distance of 164.08 feet to the point of beginning.  
 Tract 11:    Leasehold estate pursuant to a certain lease dated
December 11, 1998 by and between Daniel Webster, Marsha S. Webster and William G. Diuguid, Sarah T. Diuguid, J.R. Showers III and Carol A. Showers as landlord and Pinnacle Gaming Development Corp. as tenant as set out in a memorandum of lease
recorded December 30, 1998 in Miscellaneous Record AA, page 149, as assigned to Belterra Resort Indiana, LLC by assignment recorded December 15, 2000 in Miscellaneous Record CC, page 181 with respect to the following real estate:  
 Being part of fractional Section 1 Township 1 North, Range 2 West of the first principal meridian located in York Township of Switzerland County, Indiana, and
a part of Tract No. 1 and Tract No. 2 of the partition of the real estate of Daniel Vincent Dufour among his children as recorded in the complete record of the Probate Court of Switzerland County, Indiana, in Order Book from September term 1850 to
July term 1853 in pages 51, 52, 53 and 54 and is further described as follows:    Commencing at a concrete monument found in place at the Northeast corner
of said Section 1, Township 1 North, Range 2 West; thence South 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds West a distance of 2165.72 feet with the North line of said  
      Ex. B-23  

Section 1 to an iron pin and cap at the true Point of Beginning; thence South 00 degrees 12 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 159.92 feet along a line common with Brichto and Stewart, Deed
Book 106, page 276 in the records of Switzerland County, Indiana, and passing through an iron pin and cap set in line at 110.00 feet, to a point in the center of Log Lick Creek; thence downstream with the meanders of said creek and along a line
in common with the Webster Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 79 (Parcel One) and the Diuguid Family Limited Partnership, Deed Book 104, page 80 (Parcel One) the following four (4) courses and distances; South 49 degrees 37 minutes
18 seconds West a distance of 40.64 feet to a point; South 87 degrees 03 minutes 47 seconds West a distance of 83.49 feet to a point; North 36 degrees 27 minutes 11 seconds West a distance of 183.51 feet to a point; South 88 degrees 44 minutes
27 seconds West a distance of 103.47 feet to a point; thence leaving said creek and in part along a line common with the lands of said Webster Family and Diugiud Family Partnerships and in part along a line common with the lands of Raymond and
Evelyn Hatton, Deed Book 82, page 320 in said records, South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 1266.05 feet, passing through concrete monuments found in line on the South bank of the creek at 34.66 feet, an iron pin with cap at
298.06 feet, a concrete monument at 735.65 and a concrete monument at 1169.05 feet at the Northwest corner of the lands of said Raymond and Evelyn Hatton, to an iron pin with cap set in line with said Hatton and at the Northeast corner of the lands
of Theresa and Mitchell Barnes, Deed Book 107, page 31 in said records; thence North 89 degrees 59 minutes 45 seconds West a distance of 350.00 feet in part along a common line with the lands of said Barnes and in part along a common line with the
lands of John and Carolyn Hendrickson, Deed Book 99, page 48 in said records to an iron pin with cap at the Northwest corner of said lands of Hendrickson; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 27 seconds East a distance of 270.00 feet along a line
common with the lands of said Hendrickson to a steel nail set in the center of Indiana State Road 156 in the North line of the lands of John and Dorothy Keeton, Deed Book 96, page 353 in said records; thence North 89 degrees 59 minutes 45
seconds West a distance of 1152.19 feet along a line common with the lands of said Keeton to a railroad spike set in the center of said Indiana State Road 156 at the Northwest corner of the lands of said Keeton and in the Eastern line of the lands
of Harold and Delores Fletcher, Deed Book 96, page 115 in said records and also in the line common to Tract No. 2 and Tract No. 3 of aforesaid Daniel Vincent Dufour partition; thence North 00 degrees 03 minutes 18 seconds West a distance of
1575.70 feet along a line common with said Tract No. 2 and Tract No. 3 and in part along a common line with the lands of said Fletcher and in part along a line common with the lands of David and Cassandra Hunt, Deed Book 88, page 50, to an iron
pin with cap in the North line of aforesaid Section 1; thence North 89 degrees 49 minutes 48 seconds East a distance of 1830.85 feet with the North line of said Section 1 and in part along a common line with the lands of said David and
Cassandra Hunt and in part along a common line with the lands of Miles and Betty Hunt, Deed Book 106, page 236, to the Point of Beginning.  
      Ex. B-24  

Ogle Haus    
 TRACT I:    A part of Fractional Section 23, Township 2 North,
Range 3 West of the First Principal Meridian, located in Jefferson Township of Switzerland County, Indiana described as follows:    Commencing at the
Northwest corner of Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West; thence South 910.80 feet (See Deed Record 71, page 154) to a reference point; thence South 33 degrees 07 minutes 02 seconds East 706.20 feet to a railroad spike, found this survey,
marking the Northwest corner of the McCae Corporation property (Deed Record 84, page 4); thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East along the centerline of State Road Number 56 and the Northern line of the McCae tract 363.00 feet to a
railroad spike, found this survey, marking the Northeast corner of the McCae tract and being the true point of beginning of this survey; thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East, continuing along said centerline, 349.20 feet to a p.k. nail
set this survey; thence South 31 degrees 52 minutes 19 seconds East, coincident with the West line of the David Hankins property (Deed Record 74, page 107) 791.77 feet to the low water mark (elevation 421.00 feet) of the Ohio River; thence
South 54 degrees 49 minutes 22 seconds West with the low water line of said river (being the 421.00 feet in elevation contour line) 331.95 feet; thence North 33 degrees 07 minutes 47 seconds West with the East line of the McCae tract
810.80 feet to the point of beginning, containing 6.261 acres, more or less.    TRACT II:  
 A part of the Fractional Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West of the First Principal Meridian located in Jefferson Township of Switzerland County,
Indiana, described as follows:    Commencing at the Northwest corner of Section 23, Township 2 North, Range 3 West; thence South 910.00 feet; thence South
33 degrees 07 minutes 02 seconds East 706.20 feet; thence North 58 degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East with the centerline of State Road 56, 712.20 feet to a p.k. nail, the point of beginning; thence continuing with said centerline North 58
degrees 05 minutes 00 seconds East 182.10 feet to a nail; thence South 31 degrees 49 minutes 20 seconds East 781.45 feet; thence South 54 degrees 49 minutes 42 seconds West with the low water line of the Ohio River 181.72 feet; thence
North 31 degrees 52 minutes 19 seconds West 791.77 feet to the point of beginning, containing 3.2822 acres, more or less.  
      Ex. B-25  

Ameristar Council Bluffs    
 Parcel 1:    A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 2 and
3 and the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way, all located in Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W of the 5th P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, Iowa, which is more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the center of said Section 4, thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary
high water of the Missouri River on the following four courses: (1) N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; (2) N 16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; (3) N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet; and (4) N 19 50 45  W 159.07
feet; thence N 51 01 40  E 875.20 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 38 58 20  E 581.47 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of Interstate Highway 29;
thence S 2 34 15  W 30.10 feet, along said highway right of way line; thence Southeasterly, along said highway right of way line, 303.57 feet along a 421.40 foot radius curve to the left; thence S 38 42 15  E 3.30 feet,
thence S 36 47 45  E 334.04 feet, along said highway right of way line to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Nebraska Avenue, thence S 53 12 15  W 229.99 feet, along said right of way line of Nebraska
Avenue; thence S 36 47 45  E 97.52 feet, along the Westerly right of way line of River Road; thence Southeasterly along said right of way line of River Road, 49.52 feet along a 246.48 foot radius curve to the right; thence S
53 12 15  W 96.07 feet; thence N 88 08 15  W 924.85 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 81.06 feet to the point of beginning.  
 Parcel 2:    A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 1 and
2 and the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way, all located in Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W of the 5th P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which is more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at the center of said Section 4; thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; thence
N 16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; thence N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet and N 19 50 45  W 159.07 feet to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary high water of the Missouri River on the
following four courses: (1) N 19 50 45  W 38.38 feet; (2) N 19 46 50  W 313.67 feet; (3) N 19 03 05  W 160.28 feet; and (4) N 16 25 40  W 92.18 feet; thence N 51 01 40  E
669.57 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 38 58 20  E 568.32 feet along said right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence S 51 01 40  W 875.20 feet to the
point of beginning.    Parcel 3*:  
      Ex. B-26  

A parcel of land being part of Government Lots 1 and 2 of Section 4, Township 74N, Range 44W and part of
Government Lot 4 of Section 33, Township 75N, Range 44W of the 5th P.M., together with the adjacent abandoned River Road right of way in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which is more particularly described as follows:
   Commencing at the center of said Section 4; thence N 88 08 15  W 597.51 feet; thence N 13 15 15  W 14.59 feet; thence
N 16 42 15  W 500.00 feet; thence N 20 17 15  W 51.41 feet and N 19 50 45  W 197.45 feet; thence N 19 46 50  W 313.67 feet; thence N 19 03 05  W 160.28 feet; thence N
16 25 40  W 92.18 feet to the point of beginning; thence along a meander of the ordinary high water of the Missouri River on the following twelve courses: (1) N 16 25 40  W 93.61 feet; (2) N 38 23 45  W
224.70 feet; (3) N 31 52 55  W 268.46 feet; (4) N 22 52 20  W 243.24 feet; (5) N 26 00 40  W 202.96 feet; (6) N 29 52 05  W 151.72 feet; (7) N 20 36 25  W 194.23 feet; (8) N
36 06 50  W 115.45 feet; (9) N 26 38 05  W 361.38 feet; (10) N 32 21 55  W 101.05 feet; (11) N 33 55 20  W 116.33 feet and (12) N 28 38 30  W 102.35 feet; thence along the
Southerly right of way of the Union Pacific Railroad N 89 10 35  E 383.85 feet to a point on the Westerly right of way line of the Council Bluffs Levee; thence Southeasterly, along said levee right of way line, 168.33 feet along a
562.47 feet radius curve to the left; thence S 38 58 20  E 1725.54 feet along said levee right of way line; thence S 51 01 40  W 669.57 feet to the point of beginning.  
 EXCEPTING from the above described Parcels 1, 2 and 3, that portion of River Road described in that certain Vacation and Re-Dedication filed in Book 78 at
Page 24442 in the records of Pottawattamie County, Iowa.      

* 
 Grantor s interest in Parcel 3 is derived as successor in interest to the Settlement, Use, and Management Agreement and DNR Permit by and between Koch Fuels, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the State of Iowa,
acting by and through the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, recorded August 1, 1995 in Book 96 at Page 2942.      Parcel 4:  
 A part of Government Lot 3, Section 4, Township 74 North, Range 44, West of the Fifth P.M., Pottawattamie County, Iowa, in the City of Council Bluffs, which
is more particularly described as follows: Commencing at the East Quarter corner of said Section 4, which is the Northeast corner of said Government Lot 3; thence along the North line of said Government Lot 3, North 88 degrees
8 minutes 15 seconds West, 2663.40 feet to the center of said Section 4; thence South 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds West, 78.27 feet to a point of beginning; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 579.30 feet to the ordinary high
water line of the Missouri River as established by the toe of a river control paving structure; thence along said ordinary high water line South 13 degrees 27 minutes 10 seconds East, 405.25 feet to U.S. Corps of  
      Ex. B-27  

Engineers Control Structure Station 15+00; thence continuing along said ordinary high water line South 10 degrees
53 minutes 45 seconds East, 60.43 feet to the northerly line of land owned by the Peavey Elevator Company; thence along said line South 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds East, 868.08 feet; thence North 00 degrees 41 minutes 45 seconds East,
450.00 feet; thence North 88 degrees 8 minutes 15 seconds West, 400.00 feet to the point of beginning. The East line of said Government Lot 3 is assumed to bear  North-South.   
      Ex. B-28  

L Auberge Baton Rouge    
   TRACT  A-2-A       A parcel of land
containing 99 acres, more or less, known as Tract A-2-A, lying within Sections 40, 41, 77   78, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, as per the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge)
Partnership Subdivision, Exchange of Property between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F   into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East
Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, for PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the
Clerk and Recorder on February 1, 2016 of said Parish, being more particularly described as follows:     BEGIN  at the most Northwesterly corner of
Tract  A-2-A  of the aforesaid record map, said point lying on the northerly right of way line of River Road (La Hwy 327, 80  R/W); thence go South 66 degrees 55 minutes 15 seconds East a distance of 671.79 feet; thence go
South 66 degrees 58 minutes 10 seconds East a distance of 206.38 feet; thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left, having a radius of 727.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 04 degrees 26 minutes 48 seconds , Chord Bearing = North
85 degrees 34 minutes 12 seconds East, Chord Distance = 56.41 feet) for an arc length of 56.42 feet to a point of compound curvature; thence go along the arc of a compound curve to the left, having a radius of 440.00 feet, (Delta Angle =
16 degrees 50 minutes 51 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 74 degrees 55 minutes 23 seconds East, Chord Distance = 128.91 feet) for an arc length of 129.38 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 66 degrees 29 minutes 57
seconds East a distance of 85.86 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 68.64 feet, (Delta Angle = 84 degrees 46 minutes 29 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 71 degrees
06 minutes 48 seconds East, Chord Distance = 92.55 feet) for an arc length of 101.56 feet to a point of compound curvature; thence go along the arc of a compound curve to the right, having a radius of 375.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 14 degrees
25 minutes 09 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 21 degrees 30 minutes 59 seconds East, Chord Distance = 94.12 feet), for an arc length of 94.37 feet; thence go South 14 degrees 18 minutes 24 seconds East a distance of 36.69 feet to
a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 837.00 feet (Delta Angle = 00 degrees 24 minutes 43 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 14 degrees 30 minutes 46 seconds east, Chord Distance = 6.02 feet) for an arc
length of 6.02 feet; thence go North 75 degrees 16 minutes 53 seconds East a distance of 74.00 feet; thence go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 763.00 feet (Delta Angle = 00 degrees 24 minutes 43 seconds, Chord
Bearing = North 14 degrees 30 minutes 46 seconds West, Chord Distance = 5.49 feet) for an arc length of 5.49 feet to a point of tangency; thence go North 14 degrees 18 minutes 24 seconds West a distance of 24.84 feet to a point of
curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 125.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 36 degrees 10 minutes 28 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 03 degrees 46 minutes 50 seconds East, Chord Distance = 77.62
feet, for an arc length  
      Ex. B-29  

of 78.92 feet; thence go North 49 degrees 46 minutes 33 seconds East a distance of 193.21 feet; thence go North 73 degrees 08 minutes 13 seconds East a distance of 131.60 feet
to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 1130.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 49 degrees 28 minutes 40 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 82 degrees 07 minutes 26 seconds East,
Chord Distance = 945.77 feet) for an arc length of 975.81 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 57 degrees 23 minutes 06 seconds East a distance of 207.16 feet; thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to
the right, having a radius of 380.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 32 degrees 40 minutes 54 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 05 degrees 04 minutes 41 seconds West, Chord Distance = 213.83 feet) for an arc length of 216.75 feet; thence go South
68 degrees 34 minutes 52 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet; thence go along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left, having a radius of 550.50 feet, (Delta Angle = 06 degrees 33 minutes 50 seconds, Chord Bearing
= North 18 degrees 08 minutes 14 seconds East, Chord Distance = 63.03 feet) for an arc length of 63.06 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the right, having a radius of
67.50 feet, (Delta Angle = 81 degrees 47 minutes 08 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 55 degrees 44 minutes 53 seconds East, Chord Distance = 88.38 feet) for an arc length of 96.35 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 83
degrees 21 minutes 33 seconds East a distance of 86.69 feet; thence go South 60 degrees 48 minutes 03 seconds East a distance of 193.02 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having
a radius of 1130.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 27 degrees 46 minutes 00 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 46 degrees 55 minutes 03 seconds East, Chord Distance = 542.28 feet) for an arc length of 547.62 feet to the point of tangency; thence
go South 33 degrees 02 minutes 03 seconds East a distance of 116.11 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the left, having a radius of 2070.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 11 degrees 27 minutes 33 seconds, Chord
Bearing = South 38 degrees 45 minutes 50 seconds East, Chord Distance = 413.31 feet) for an arc length of 414.00 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 44 degrees 29 minutes 36 seconds East a distance of 145.61 feet to
point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 50.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 63 degrees 31 minutes 25 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 12 degrees 43 minutes 55 seconds East, Chord
Distance = 52.64 feet) for an arc length of 55.43 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the left, having a radius of 145.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 23 degrees 57 minutes 43 seconds, Chord Bearing
= South 07 degrees 02 minutes 56 seconds West, Chord Distance = 60.20 feet) for an arc length of 60.64 feet to a point of reverse curvature; thence go along the arc of a reverse curve to the right, having a radius of 75.00 feet,
(Delta Angle = 44 degrees 48 minutes 02 seconds , Chord Bearing = South 17 degrees 28 minutes 05 seconds West, Chord Distance = 57.16 feet) for an arc length of 58.64 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 39 degrees
52 minutes 07 seconds West a distance of 57.76 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a tangent curve to the right, having a radius of 275.00 feet, (Delta Angle = 07 degrees 58 minutes 09 seconds ,
Chord Bearing = South 43 degrees 51 minutes 11 seconds West, Chord Distance = 38.22 feet) for an arc length of 38.25 feet; thence go South 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds East a distance of 20.16 feet to the Southeasterly line
of Section 41, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg  
      Ex. B-30  

Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana ; thence go South 52 degrees 52 minutes 00 seconds West along the aforesaid Southeasterly section line a distance of 1108 feet, more or less
to the mean-low water line of the Mississippi River; thence meander northwesterly along the aforesaid mean-low water line a distance of 3565 feet, more or less to the intersection of the aforesaid mean-low water line and a line, passed through the
Point of Beginning, having a bearing of South 14 degrees 03 minutes 51 seconds West; thence, departing the aforesaid mean-low water line go North 14 degrees 03 minutes 51 seconds East a distance of 863 feet, more or less to the  POINT OF
BEGINNING .      LESS AND EXCEPT        TRACT
 A-3       A 0.145 acre parcel of land designated as Tract  A-3  the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership
Subdivision, Exchange of Property between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F   into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge
Parish, Louisiana, for PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the Clerk and
Recorder on February 1, 2016 of said Parish, being more particularly described as follows:     COMMENCE  at an iron rod on the south side of the
intersection of L Auberge Crossing Drive and River Road (La Hwy 327) where the line common to Sections 41   43, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, intersects the southern- most
existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive; thence go North 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds West along the aforesaid southern- most existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive a distance of 10.16 feet to the westerly
right of way line of L Auberge Crossing Drive (now 30  private R/W); thence, for the following six courses along the aforesaid private right of way line, go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 285.00 feet (Delta Angle
= 04 degrees 51 minutes 11 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 50 degrees 15 minutes 52 seconds West, Chord distance = 24.13 feet) for an arc length of 24.14 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 52 degrees 41 minutes 27 seconds West a
distance of 47.37 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 70.00 feet (Delta Angle = 76 degrees 33 minutes 41 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 89 degrees 01 minutes 42 seconds West, Chord
Distance = 86.73 feet) for an arc length of 93.54 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 50 degrees 44 minutes 51 seconds West a distance of 58.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius
of 1515.00 feet (Delta Angle = 11 degrees 12 minutes 35 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 56 degrees 21 minutes 09 seconds West, Chord Distance = 295.93 feet ) for an arc length of 296.40 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 61 degrees 57
minutes 26 seconds West a distance  
      Ex. B-31  

of 48.83 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING ; thence continue North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds west along the aforesaid private right of way line a distance of 63.00 feet; thence,
departing the aforesaid private right of way line, go North 28 degrees 02 minutes 34 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet; thence go South 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds East a distance of 63.00 feet; thence go South 28 degrees 02 minutes
34 seconds West a distance of 100.00 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING.       TRACT  A-3     
 A 0.145 acre parcel of land designated as Tract  A-3  the record map showing  PNK (Baton Rouge) Partnership Subdivision, Exchange of
Property between Tract  A-2  and Lot  F   into Tracts  A-2-A  and  A-2-B  located in Sections 40, 41, 43, 44, 77   78, T-8-S, R-1-E, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, for PNK
(Baton Rouge) Partnership , by Stantec Consulting Services, Inc., signed by Sam M. Holladay, III, PLS No. 4760 on November 30, 2015 and recorded in Original 567, Bundle 12709 of the Office of the Clerk and Recorder on February 1, 2016 of
said Parish, being more particularly described as follows:     COMMENCE  at an iron rod on the south side of the intersection of L Auberge
Crossing Drive and River Road (La Hwy 327) where the line common to Sections 41   43, Township 8 South, Range 1 East, Greensburg Land District, East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, intersects the southern- most existing right of way of
L Auberge Crossing Drive; thence go North 42 degrees 09 minutes 44 seconds West along the aforesaid southern- most existing right of way of L Auberge Crossing Drive a distance of 10.16 feet to the westerly right of way line of
L Auberge Crossing Drive (now 30  private R/W); thence, for the following six courses along the aforesaid private right of way line, go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 285.00 feet (Delta Angle = 04 degrees
51 minutes 11 seconds, Chord Bearing = South 50 degrees 15 minutes 52 seconds West, Chord distance = 24.13 feet) for an arc length of 24.14 feet to the point of tangency; thence go South 52 degrees 41 minutes 27 seconds West a distance of 47.37
feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 70.00 feet (Delta Angle = 76 degrees 33 minutes 41 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 89 degrees 01 minutes 42 seconds West, Chord Distance = 86.73
feet) for an arc length of 93.54 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 50 degrees 44 minutes 51 seconds West a distance of 58.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence go along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1515.00 feet
(Delta Angle = 11 degrees 12 minutes 35 seconds, Chord Bearing = North 56 degrees 21 minutes 09 seconds West, Chord Distance = 295.93 feet ) for an arc length of 296.40 feet to the point of tangency; thence go North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds
West a distance of 48.83 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING ; thence continue North 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds west along the aforesaid private right of way line a distance of 63.00 feet; thence, departing the aforesaid private right of way
line, go North 28 degrees 02 minutes 34 seconds East a distance of 100.00 feet; thence go South 61 degrees 57 minutes 26 seconds East a distance  
      Ex. B-32  

of 63.00 feet; thence go South 28 degrees 02 minutes 34 seconds West a distance of 100.00 feet to the  POINT OF BEGINNING.   
      Ex. B-33  

L Auberge Lake Charles    
   TRACT 1   LEASEHOLD ESTATE      THAT CERTAIN
TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN SECTION ELEVEN (11), AND BEING ALL OF LOT TEN (10) AND A PORTION OF LOTS SIX (6), SEVEN (7), EIGHT (8), NINE (9), ELEVEN (11), FOURTEEN (14), FIFTEEN (15), AND SIXTEEN (16) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), AND ALSO IN
THE WEST HALF (W/2) OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), ALL IN TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS TO-WIT:  
 COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST,
CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 170.20 FEET TO THE EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE
NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14;    THENCE NORTH 00  54  47  EAST, ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST
QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14, FOR A DISTANCE OF 30.00 FEET, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE CONTINUING NORTH 00 
54  47  EAST, ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14, FOR A DISTANCE OF 203.97 FEET TO AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE CORNER COMMON TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE NORTHWEST
QUARTER OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NW/4-NE/4) OF SECTION 14 AND THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4-SE/4) OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  46  32  EAST, ALONG THE WEST LINE OF SAID SOUTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE
OF 120.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH AND 120.0 FEET NORTH OF THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), FOR A
DISTANCE OF 1735.47 FEET TO A POINT 396.82 FEET WEST OF THE EAST LINE OF LOT FOURTEEN (14) OF SAID  
      Ex. B-34  

SECTION ELEVEN (11), THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE NORTH 00  53 
19  EAST, PARALLEL WITH AND 396.82 FEET WEST OF SAID EAST LINE OF LOT FOURTEEN (14) AND THE WEST LINE OF LOT TEN (10), FOR A DISTANCE OF 1671.72 FEET TO A POINT LYING 463.74 FEET NORTH OF THE SOUTH LINE OF LOT ELEVEN (11) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN
(11);    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION ELEVEN (11), FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET TO A
POINT LYING 596.82 FEET WEST OF THE EAST LINE OF LOT ELEVEN (11) OF SAID SECTION ELEVEN (11);    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, PARALLEL WITH
AND 596.82 FEET WESTERLY OF THE EAST LINE OF SAID LOT ELEVEN (11), FOR A DISTANCE OF 553.77 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  06  42  WEST, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 163.48 FEET TO A POINT LYING 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PERPENDICULAR TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 49  09  02  WEST, PARALLEL WITH AND 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND
CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 867.43 FEET, TO A POINT ON THE LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;  
 THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 63  49  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE
OF 114.04 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 57  18  13  EAST,
FOR A DISTANCE OF 325.84 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 51  38 
18  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 330.17 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH
56  19  43  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 441.64 FEET;  
      Ex. B-35  

THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION OF NORTH 43 
18  27  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 350.17 FEET;    THENCE MEANDERING ALONG SAID LEFT DESCENDING BANK OF THE CALCASIEU RIVER, IN A GENERAL DIRECTION
OF NORTH 41  45  57  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 271.08 FEET TO A POINT LYING 600.0 FEET SOUTH OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE FACE OF THE EXISTING FENDER SYSTEM AT BERTH NINE OF THE PORT OF LAKE CHARLES FACILITY;  
 THENCE SOUTH 70  45  08  EAST, 600.0 FEET SOUTH OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE FACE OF SAID FENDER SYSTEM, FOR A DISTANCE OF 2703.03 FEET TO A POINT
LYING 20.07 FEET EASTERLY OF THE ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY, THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH
14  17  53  WEST, 20.00 FEET EASTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY, FOR A DISTANCE OF 629.22 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 75  42  07  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 40.00 FEET TO A POINT LYING 100.00 FEET EAST OF SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL
1 LEASE PROPERTY;    THENCE SOUTH 14  17  53  WEST, 100.00 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1
LEASE PROPERTY, FOR A DISTANCE OF 389.36 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 954.93 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 35  29  11   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT AND 100.00 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL WITH SAID ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE
PROPERTY, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 17  43  41 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 295.47 FEET, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 05  26  03  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 294.29 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF SAID
NELSON ROAD EXTENSION;    THENCE SOUTH 85  04  12  WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, FOR A DISTANCE OF 100.03
FEET TO THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION RIGHT-OF-WAY, SAID POINT ALSO LYING ON THE ORIGINAL EAST LINE OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 1 LEASE PROPERTY AND  
      Ex. B-36  

LYING IN A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1054.93 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 35  29  11   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, ALONG THE WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 17  36 
57 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 324.34 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 12  22  49  EAST A DISTANCE OF 323.07 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 21  11  18  EAST, ALONG SAID WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF NELSON ROAD EXTENSION, FOR A DISTANCE OF 398.53 FEET;  
 THENCE NORTH 65  51  57  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 71.11 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 69  27  24  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 134.18 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE RIGHT, HAVING A RADIUS OF
400.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 50  25  21     THENCE EASTERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE RIGHT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 41 
26  10  FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 289.28 FEET, SAID CURVE HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 89  38  24  EAST A DISTANCE OF 285.43 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, 90.00 FEET WEST OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, AND THE
EAST LINE OF EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND RELEASE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 364.79 FEET;    THENCE
SOUTH 67  38  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 58.81 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 690.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 42  54  26   
 THENCE EASTERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 02  35  26 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 31.20 FEET TO THE WEST
LINE OF THE AFORESAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM IRREGULAR SECTION 38 AND THE EAST LINE OF THE AFORESAID EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND RELEASE;  
 THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, ALONG THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, AND THE EAST LINE OF THE SAID
EXHIBIT  AM-1  AND  AM-2  TO AMENDMENT NUMBER (2) TO PNK, LLC GROUND  
      Ex. B-37  

RELEASE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1071.95 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE, SAID POINT BEING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE PINNACLE PARCEL 2 LEASE PROPERTY;  
 THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID PINNACLE PARCEL 2 LEASE PROPERTY, FOR
A DISTANCE OF 58.83 FEET TO A POINT LYING IN A TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 280.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID TANGENT CURVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 06  11  05  FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 30.22 FEET, SAID CURVE
HAVING A CHORD WHICH BEARS SOUTH 08  29  30  WEST A DISTANCE OF 30.21 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 88  15  23  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF
130.84 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.    LESS AND EXCEPT: THAT PORTION OF TRACT 1 LYING WITHIN THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED I-210 ENTRY ROAD DEDICATION AS
RECORDED IN CONVEYANCE BOOK 3779, PAGE 268, RECORDS OF CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU
CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, THE NORTHEAST QUARTER (NE/4) OF SECTION 14 AND THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE/4) OF SECTION 11, ALL IN TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE (9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS
TO-WIT:    COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), TOWNSHIP TEN (10) SOUTH, RANGE NINE
(9) WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA, SAID POINT ALSO BEING ON THE SOUTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE;    THENCE SOUTH 88  15  23  EAST,
ALONG SAID SOUTH RIGHT OF WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), FOR A DISTANCE OF 347.41 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 01  44  37  WEST, PERPENDICULAR TO SAID SOUTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF CAGLE LANE AND THE SOUTH LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF
IRREGULAR SECTION THIRTY-EIGHT (38), FOR A DISTANCE OF 264.58 FEET TO THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE  
      Ex. B-38  

210 LOOP, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH 00  55  49 
WEST, ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 11.66 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  53  45  WEST,
ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 240.43 FEET;    THENCE SOUTH 80  53  11  WEST,
ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 50.78 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 87  22  07  WEST, ALONG
SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE LOUISIANA INTERSTATE 210 LOOP, FOR A DISTANCE OF 28.08 FEET TO THE INTERSECTION WITH THE WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, SAID POINT BEING IN A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING A RADIUS OF 370.00 FEET AND
A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55     THENCE NORTHERLY, ALONG SAID CURVE TO THE RIGHT AND SAID WEST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE SOUTH ACCESS ROAD,
THROUGH AN ANGLE OF 75  58  34 , FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 490.63 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE;    THENCE NORTH 22 
21  49  EAST, 150.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF THE BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1039.60 FEET;  
 THENCE SOUTH 67  38  10  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 90.00 FEET TO A POINT LYING 60.00 FEET WESTERLY OF THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW LEBLEU
CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38;    THENCE SOUTH 22  21  49  WEST, 60.0 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL WITH THE WEST LINE OF SAID BARTHELEMEW
LEBLEU CLAIM OF IRREGULAR SECTION 38, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1039.60 FEET TO THE POINT OF CURVATURE OF A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 280.00 FEET AND A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 112  25  55   
 THENCE SOUTHERLY, ALONG SAID CURVE TO THE LEFT AND EAST RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE AFORESAID SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, FOR AN ARC LENGTH DISTANCE OF 549.45 FEET TO THE
POINT OF TANGENT OF SAID CURVE;    THENCE NORTH 89  55  55  EAST, ALONG SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF THE
 
      Ex. B-39  

SOUTH ACCESS ROAD, FOR A DISTANCE OF 98.97 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.      TRACT 2  
LEASEHOLD ESTATE      THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN THE NORTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (NE/4-SW/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP
10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    COMMENCING AT AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE
SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST,
ALONG THE SOUTH LINE OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SAID SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1735.52 FEET TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1791.72 FEET;
   THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11 AND ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF
L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY
LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 125.97 FEET, THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE NORTH 49 
09  02  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET EXCLUSIVE, FOR A DISTANCE OF 448.00 FEET TO PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON;  
 THENCE NORTH 64  45  00  EAST, ALONG PROPERTY LINES CONTIGUOUS WITH SAID GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON AND PNK COMMON, FOR A DISTANCE OF 317.95 FEET TO
THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;    THENCE SOUTH 89  06  42  EAST, ALONG THE SAID ORIGINAL WEST
BOUNDARY  
      Ex. B-40  

LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 57.95 FEET TO AN EXISTING 5/8  REBAR;  
 THENCE SOUTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 427.80 FEET
TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.      TRACT 3   LEASEHOLD ESTATE    
 THAT CERTAIN TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND LYING IN THE NORTHEAST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (NE/4-SW/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST,
CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA:    COMMENCING AT AN EXISTING 1  ROD MARKING THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER
(SW/4-SE/4) OF SECTION 11, TOWNSHIP 10 SOUTH, RANGE 9 WEST, CALCASIEU PARISH, LOUISIANA;    THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, ALONG THE SOUTH
LINE OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF THE SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SW/4-SE/4) OF SAID SECTION 11, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1735.52 FEET TO THE ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;  
 THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 1791.72 FEET;
   THENCE NORTH 89  11  50  WEST, PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTH LINE OF THE AFORESAID SECTION 11 AND ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF
L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 200.00 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 00  53  19  EAST, ALONG SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY
LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 553.77 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 89  06  42  WEST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 57.95 FEET,
THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT;    THENCE SOUTH 64  45  00  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH PNK EXCLUSIVE, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 268.54 FEET TO PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON;  
      Ex. B-41  

THENCE NORTH 22  00  02  WEST, ALONG PROPERTY LINE CONTIGUOUS WITH SAID GOLDEN NUGGET COMMON, FOR A
DISTANCE OF 165.52 FEET;    THENCE NORTH 58  02  34  EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 106.98 FEET TO A POINT LYING 105.00 FEET PERPENDICULAR TO THE
ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO;    THENCE SOUTH 49  09  02  EAST, 105.00 FEET WESTERLY OF AND PARALLEL
WITH SAID ORIGINAL WEST BOUNDARY LINE OF L AUBERGE DU LAC HOTEL AND CASINO, FOR A DISTANCE OF 143.56 FEET;    THENCE SOUTH 89  06  42 
EAST, FOR A DISTANCE OF 105.54 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
      Ex. B-42  

Boomtown Bossier City    
 THE LAND REFERRED TO HEREIN BELOW IS SITUATED IN THE PARISHES OF BOSSIER AND CADDO, STATE OF LOUISIANA, AND IS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
   TRACT 1:      A tract of land located in Section 32,
Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Bossier City, Bossier Parish, and/or Section 31, 32 or 33, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Caddo Parish, Louisiana, being more fully described as follows: Beginning at a found one-half inch (1/2 )
diameter iron rod being the southwest corner of Lot 34, Cook Subdivision as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana; Run thence along the west line of said Lot 34 North 29 36 53  East a distance of
165.24 feet to a point on the south right of way line of Interstate 20; Run thence along said south right of way line South 82 30 55  East a distance of 58.03 feet; Continue thence along said right of way line South
77 46 57  East a distance of 48.93 feet; Continue thence along said right of way line South 83 56 33  East a distance of 91.17 feet to the point of intersection with the southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive; Run
thence along said right of way line South 60 59 55  East a distance of 15.0 feet to the common front corner of Lots 36 and 37 of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along said common line South 28 35 07  West a distance of
228.77 feet to the common rear corner of said Lots 36 and 37; Run thence along the rear property line of Lots 37 through 44 of said Cook Subdivision South 64  50  08  East a distance of 285.30 feet and South 66 27 14 
East a distance of 112.92 feet to the common rear corner of Lots 44 and 45 of said Cook Subdivision, run thence along the common line of said Lots 44 and 45 North 29 39 20  East a distance of 198.95 feet to the front common corner of
said Lots 44 and 45 said point also being on the southerly right of way of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way and front property line of Lot 45 South 60 49 57  East a distance of 50.14 feet to the front common corner
of Lots 45 and 46 of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along the common line of said Lots 45 and 46 South 29 42 00  West a distance of 194.03 feet to the rear common corner of said Lots 45 and 46; Run thence along the rear property
line of Lot 46 of said Cook Subdivision South 66 27 14  East a distance of 53.40 feet; Run thence South 31 17 22  West a distance of 18.33 feet to the southwest corner of Lot 114 Riverside Subdivision as recorded in Book
60, Page 157 of the records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana; Run thence along the rear property line of said Lot 114, South 70 11 51  East a distance of 66.84 feet to the common rear corner of Lots 114 and 113 of said Riverside
Subdivision; Run thence along the common line of Lots 114 and 113 of said Riverside Subdivision North 29 03 49  East a distance of 197.08 feet to the common front corner of said Lots 114 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, said point lying
on the southerly right of way of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way line and the front property line of Lots 113, 112, 111 and a portion of Lot 110 of said Riverside Subdivision South, 60 51 53  East a distance of
192.75 feet; Thence leaving said southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive, run South 29 07 29  West a distance of 165.43 feet, Run thence North 70 11 51  West a distance of
 
      Ex. B-43  

13.30 feet; Run thence South 28 57 00  West a distance of 1,021.25 feet; Run thence North 62 23 39  West a distance of 127.28 feet; Run thence North
64 12 33  West a distance of 101.11 feet; Run thence North 55 10 08  West a distance of 614.30 feet; Run thence North 24 48 49  East a distance of 897.25 feet to a point on the rear property line of Lot 34
of said Cook Subdivision; Run thence along said rear property line North 55 33 16  West a distance of 44.49 feet to the point of beginning of tract containing 21.263 acres more or less, TOGETHER WITH all batture, alluvion or riparian
rights inuring to the above described property.      TRACT 2:    
 A tract located in Section 32, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Bossier Parish and/or Sections 31, 32 and 33, Township 18 North, Range 13 West, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, said tract being more fully described as follows: Beginning at the common front corner of Lots 114 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, as recorded in Book 60, page 157 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, said point lying on the
Southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive; Run thence along said right of way line and the front property line of Lots 113, 112, 111 and a portion of Lot 110 of said Riverside Subdivision South 60 51 53  East a distance of 192.75
feet; Thence leaving said Southerly right of way line of Riverside Drive, run South 29 07 29  West a distance of 165.43 feet; Run thence North 70 11 51  West a distance of 13.30 feet; Run thence South
28 57 00  West a distance of 1,021.25 feet to a point being the most Southeasterly corner of a tract of land owned by Casino Magic of Louisiana Corp., said point also being the point of beginning of the tract herein described; Run
thence South 28 57 00  West a distance of 58.09 feet to a point on the high bank of the Red River; Run thence along said high bank the following courses and distances: North 58 06 50  West a distance of 99.46 feet; North
68 39 18  West a distance of 107.65 feet; North 64 46 01  West a distance of 59.95 feet; North 54 59 20  West a distance of 55.60 feet; North 71 05 21  West a distance of 44.44 feet; North
58 35 49  West a distance of 59.16 feet; North 58 34 22  West a distance of 63.52 feet; North 48 22 26  West a distance of 43.01 feet; North 55 16 36  West a distance of 71.06 feet; North
51 27 28  West a distance of 83.50 feet; North 53 26 45  West a distance of 48.28 feet; North 54 43 33  West a distance of 45.27 feet; North 29 51 48  West a distance of 13.25 feet; North
61 25 01  West a distance of 21.70 feet and North 41 39 41  West a distance of 27.81 feet; Thence leaving said high bank run North 24 48 49  East a distance of 64.52 feet; Run thence South
55 10 08  East a distance of 614.30 feet; Run thence South 64 12 33  East a distance of 101.11 feet; Run thence South 62 23 39  East a distance of 127.28 feet to the point of beginning of tract, containing
1.348 acres, more or less.    The following described property described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as
Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:      TRACT 1    
      Ex. B-44  

A tract of land located on Lot 37 and the west 45.4 feet of Lot 38, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier
City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of Lot 37 and the west 45.4 feet of Lot 38,
Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-5, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 19,992.568 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on plat of survey by Aillett, Fenner, Jolly   McClelland, Inc., dated
September 2007, last revised October 25, 2007, a copy of which is attached to the Deed recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana (the  Survey ).  
   TRACT 2:      A tract of land located on the east 4.6
feet of Lot 38 and the west 40 feet of Lot 39, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as
follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east 4.6 feet of Lot 38 and the west 40 feet of Lot 39, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-8, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 9,114.047 square feet, more or
less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      TRACT 3:    
 A tract of land located on the east 10 feet of Lot 39 and Lot 40, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in
Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east 10 feet of Lot 39 and Lot 40, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-9, as dedicated to
the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 12,047.080 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      TRACT 4:
     A tract of land located on Lot 41 and the west one-half of Lot 42, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as
recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of Lot 41 and the West one-half of Lot 42, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-11, as
dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 14,667.508 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
   TRACT 5:    
      Ex. B-45  

A tract of land located on the east one-half of Lot 42 and Lot 43, Cook Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier
City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all that portion of the remainder of the east one-half of Lot 42 and Lot 43, Cook
Subdivision, less Parcel 1-13, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 14,239.267 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
   TRACT 6:      A tract of land located on Lot 44, Cook
Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 of the Conveyance  Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as fellows: all that portion of the remainder of
Lot 44, Cook Subdivision, less Parcel 1-15, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway; containing 9,249.384 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.  
  LESS AND EXCEPT FROM ALL OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PROPERTY:   
 The following described parcels described in that certain Act of Conveyance and Servitude Grant recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 319 as Instrument No.
931522 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:      PARCEL 1-3:    
 Being located on Lots 35 and 36, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more
particularly described as follows:    From the Northeast Comer of Lot 36 at intersection of existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run south 27
degrees 39 minutes 23 seconds West, a distance of 16.30 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26 seconds West, a distance of 0.67 feet; run thence along a right curve having a radius of 341.97 feet, whose length is 77.54 feet and whose chord
length is 77.37 feet and bears North 68 degrees 16 minutes 10 seconds West; run thence south 83 degrees 39 minutes 02 seconds East, a distance of 67.23 feet, run thence South 61 degrees 46 minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 15.00 feet back to
the Northeast Corner of Lot 36. All of which comprises Parcel 1 -3, Bossier City Project No. 8-00, containing 0.022 acres or 976.88 square feet, more or less, as more-fully shown on plat of Survey by Aillett, Fenner, Jolly   McClelland, Inc.,
dated September, 2007, last revised October 25, 2007, a copy of which is attached to Act of Conveyance and Servitude Grant recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 319 as Instrument No. 931522, Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana (the
 Survey ).      PARCEL 1-17:    
      Ex. B-46  

Being located on Lot 45, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier
Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows:    From the Northwest Corner of Lot 45 at intersection of Northeast Corner of Lot 44 and
existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run South 61 degrees 46 minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 50.17 feet; run thence South 28 degrees 46 minutes 38 seconds West, a distance of 16.33 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26
seconds West a distance of 50.14 feet; run thence North 28 degrees 39 minutes 32 seconds East, a distance of 16.33 feet, back to the Northwest Corner of Lot 45. All of which comprises Parcel 1-17, Bossier City Project No 8-00 containing 0.0188 acres
or 818.974 square feet; more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey.      PARCEL 1-22:    
 Being a portion of Lot 34, Cook Subdivision, as recorded in Book 141, Page 11 in the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly
described as follows:    From the point of intersection of the South right of way line of Riverside Drive and the West right of way line of Kaywood Court,
said point and comer being the point of beginning of the tract herein described, run South 27 degrees 39 minutes 23 seconds West, along said West right of way line of Kaywood Court, a distance of 20.44 feet; run thence North 82 degrees 24 minutes 22
seconds West, a distance of 45.80 feet, to the point of curvature of a curve to the right, having the following data: radius=439.78 feet, chord=North 81 degrees 54 minutes 05 seconds West, a distance of 7.75 feet; run thence in a Northwesterly
direction, along said curve, a distance of 7.75 feet, to the point of intersection with the West line of said Lot 34; run thence North 28 degrees 49 minutes 59 seconds East, along said Lot line, a distance of 19.28 feet, to the point of intersection
with the South right of way line of said Riverside Drive; run thence South 83 degrees 39 minutes 02 seconds East, a distance of 53.59 feet, to the point of beginning. Containing 0.0228 acres (993.177 square feet), more or less, as more fully shown
on the Survey.      PARCEL 2-4:      Being located on
Lots 113, 112, 111, and a portion of Lot 110, Riverside Subdivision, as recorded in Book 60, Page 157 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows:  
 From the Northwest Comer of Lot 113 at intersection of Northeast Comer of Lot 114 and existing right of way known as Riverside Drive, run South 61 degrees 46
minutes 41 seconds East, a distance of 192.73 feet; run thence South 28 degrees 13 minutes 19 seconds West, a distance of 16.35 feet; run thence North 61 degrees 46 minutes 26 seconds West a distance of 192.70 feet; run thence North 28 degrees 06
minutes 11 seconds East, a distance of 16.34 feet,  
      Ex. B-47  

back to the Northwest Corner of Lot 113. All of which comprises Parcel 2-4, Bossier City Project No. 8-00, containing 0.0723 acres or 3150.14 square feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the
Survey.    AND ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT:    The following described
Tract described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana:  
   TRACT 7:      A tract of land located on Lots 110,
111, 112 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, a subdivision of Bossier City, Bossier Parish, Louisiana, as recorded in Book 60, Page 157 of the Conveyance Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana, being more particularly described as follows: all mat portion
of the remainder of Lots 110, 111, 112 and 113, Riverside Subdivision, less Parcel 2-4, as dedicated to the right-of-way of the Arthur Ray Teague Parkway (and subject to the permanent utility servitude over Parcel 2-4A); containing 31,771.125 square
feet, more or less, as more fully shown on the Survey described in that certain Act of Exchange recorded in Conveyance Book 1445, Page 337 as Instrument No. 931523 of the Records of Bossier Parish, Louisiana.  
      Ex. B-48  

Boomtown New Orleans    
  Tract I     A certain piece or portion of ground, together
with the buildings and improvements thereon, which is a part of Lot 16, Destrehan Division, Section 56, T14S, R24E, and is identified as Lot 11-A on a plan of resubdivision of Dufrene Surveying   Engineering, dated January 24, 1994, approved by
the Parish of Jefferson under Ordinance No. 19026 and recorded April 20, 1994 in COB 2892, Page 609, records of Jefferson Parish, and in accordance with a survey of BFM Corporation, last dated May 24, 2001, Drawing No. M-201-001A, Lot 11-A is more
fully described as follows:    Begin at the intersection of the southerly line of Lot 11-A, the northerly line of Lot 18 and a 30-foot railroad right of
way; thence S 72  20  45  W a distance of 1,294.22 feet to a point on the easterly right of way line of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway; thence N 17  39  15  W a distance of 1,652.33 feet to a point; thence N 72 
20  45  E a distance of 1,433.59 feet to a point on the westerly railroad right of way; thence S 16  12  26  E a distance of 650.21 feet to a point; thence S 16  20  32  E a distance of 1,259.00 feet to a point.
   Said Lot 11-A is composed of a portion of Lot 9 and all of Lots 10, 11 and 12 and those portions of Lots 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17, formerly known as Lots X
and Y.     Tract II:     The following servitudes and
agreements as established as follows:    A. Servitudes granted by Numa C. Hero to Howard T. Tellepsen for ingress and egress to Peters Road, dated January
05, 1965 recorded January 12, 1965 as COB 606, Page 514, official records of the Parish of Jefferson, State of Louisiana.    B. Private Roadway Agreement
granted by Southern Pacific Company to Howard T. Tellepsen, dated December 31, 1964, recorded January 12, 1965 as COB 606, Page 516, official records of the Parish of Jefferson, State of Louisiana.  
 (The  Insured Access Agreements ).  
      Ex. B-49  

Ameristar Vicksburg    
   TRACT ONE : Magnolia (Casino) Parcel Fee Simple   
 That tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City of Vicksburg, County of Warren, State of Mississippi, and being part of Section 32, Township
16 North, Range 3 East, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Beginning at an iron pipe located on the Western right-of-way line of Washington
Street (being the same public road known as U.S. Highways 61 and 80 or Warrenton Road) as same existed on November 7, 1992, same lying South 87  35  East, 25.4 feet from Vicksburg National Military Park Concrete Marker No. 389, and from
said point of beginning run thence North 87  35  West, a distance of 25.4 feet to said Vicksburg National Military Park Marker No. 389, which point marks the Southeast corner of the lands presently occupied by said Vicksburg National
Military Park and known as South Fort, same having been conveyed to the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the aforesaid land records, and from said marker run thence along the South boundary line of said
South Fort, having a published course and distance within deed heretofore executed by Rose Supply, Inc. in favor of Magnolia Hotel Company, recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47, of North 74  55  West, a distance of 421 feet, but having an
actual course and distance, as measured between Vicksburg National Military Park Monument Nos. 389 and 388, of North 74  53  West 417.58 feet, but, nevertheless, to Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 388, found at the Southwest
Corner of said South Fort parcel, which point further marks the Southeast Corner of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla Brady by deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of said land records; run thence along the South line of
said Brady parcel and the North line of the lands described herein, North 74  55  West, 240 feet, more or less, to the water s edge of the Mississippi River as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence continue in a westerly direction
to a point where said line intersects the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence in Southerly direction following the thalweg of the said Mississippi River and the
meanderings thereof marking the boundary line between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana, having a published distance in the aforedescribed deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of 555 feet, but having an actual distance believed to
approximate 460 feet, more or less, but, nevertheless, to a point where the Westerly projection of the North line of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Vicksburg Bridge Company by Deed dated June 24, 1944, recorded in Deed Book 242 at
Page 443, (being the same parcel subsequently conveyed by Warren County, Mississippi to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by correction deed recorded in Deed Book 968 at Page 707 of the aforesaid Land Records) intersects the thalweg of said Mississippi
River; thence leaving the thalweg of said Mississippi River and run South 64  25  East, a distance sufficient to intersect the water s edge of the Mississippi River at its Easterly bank as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point
marks the Northwest Corner of the aforedescribed parcel heretofore conveyed unto Vicksburg Bridge Company by instrument  
      Ex. B-50  

recorded in Deed Book 242 at Page 443 and further described within Correction Deed in favor of R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 968 at Page 707, each within the aforesaid
Land Records of Warren County; run thence along the North line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 968 at Page 707, South 64  25  East, a distance of 435.0 feet, more or less, to a point marking the Northeast Corner of said
Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 968 at Page 707 and the Northwest Corner of another parcel conveyed to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 592 at Page 113 of said land records; continue thence along the North
line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 592 at Page 113 and along the South line of the tract herein described South 64  17  East a distance of 175.0 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of
Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80), as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence leaving the North line of said Morrison parcel described in said Deed Book 592 at Page
113 and run along the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street, North 20  46  East, 580.21 feet, more or less, to a point, which point marks the point of beginning of the parcel herein described, all lying and being situate within
Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.      TRACT TWO:  Lum-Brady (Casino) Fee Simple   
   Parcel One:      Those portions of Sections 31 and
32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Beginning at a park stone
identified as  Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 379 , which point further marks the Southeast corner of that certain or parcel of land conveyed unto the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Warren
County, Mississippi, by Campbell Development Corporation, et al, within Deed dated December 1, 1989, recorded in Deed Book 882 at Page 233 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, wherein said point is said to lie North 17  22 
30  West, 671.54 feet from the Southeast corner of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, which point is further described as the Southwest corner of a parcel heretofore described as an old
government fort described in Deed Book 92 at Page 248 of the aforesaid Warren County Land Records, same presently occupied by the said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as Louisiana Circle and from said point of beginning run thence along
the South line of said Vicksburg National Military Park parcel and the North line of the lands herein described having a published course within instrument recorded in Deed Book 950 at Page 518 of the aforesaid Land Records of South 68  23 
East, but having an actual course of South 69  40  37  East, but, nevertheless, a distance of 195.13 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as
Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point lies North 69  40  37  West, 17.93 feet from Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 380; run thence along the
 
      Ex. B-51  

West right-of-way line of said Washington Street as located on November 7, 1992, with the following courses and distances, viz: South 07  16  28  West, 80.55 feet, South 09 
24  24  West, 160.94 feet, South 14  39  57  West, 98.08 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found in the North line of that certain parcel described as Tract Two within Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 of the
aforesaid Land Records and being further depicted upon plat attached thereto and further described as Tract Two within Deed in favor Globe Industries, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35 of said Land Records; thence leaving the West line of
Washington Street and run along the North line of lands described as Tract Two within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, North 73  00  West, 51.3 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Northwest corner of said Tract Two described
within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35; run thence along the West line of said Tract Two described within said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, having a published course therein of South 20  45  West, but having an actual course of South 21 
16  25  West, but, nevertheless, a distance of 182.97 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Southwest corner thereof; run thence along the South line of said Tract Two described in said Deed Book 484 at Page 35, South 54 
00  East, 52.0 feet, more or less, to the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street as same is located on November 7, 1992; run thence along the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street, South 23  40  41  West, a
distance of 186.95 feet, more or less, to an iron pipe found at the Northeast corner of that certain tract of land heretofore conveyed unto Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed dated May 13, 1925, recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 of the
aforesaid Land Records and further described within Quitclaim Deed dated July 14, 1978, recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375; thence leaving the West right-of-way line of said Washington Street and run along the North line of said Mississippi Power
and Light Company tract North 74  30  West, 800 feet, more or less, to a point on the bank of the Mississippi River; run thence along the bank of said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof having an average bearing of North 41 
04  56  East a distance of 424.86 feet, more or less, to an iron found on the top bank of said river marking the westernmost corner of lands described as Tract One in Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 of the aforesaid Land Records
and depicted upon plat attached thereto, being the same lands further described as Tract One within Deed in favor of Globe Industries, Inc., recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35 of said Land Records; thence leaving the bank of said river and run
along the South line of lands described as Tract One within said Deeds recorded in Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, marked in part by a possession line fence, South 59  10  East a distance of 447.38 feet, more or less, to
the Southeast corner of said lands described as Tract One within said Deeds recorded in Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same being the center line of an ingress-egress easement, 22 feet in width, described within each of said
instruments recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35; run thence along the East line of the lands described as Tract One within said instruments recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same being
the center line of said ingress-egress easement, 22 feet in width, North 48  00  East, having a record distance of 250.0 feet, but having an actual distance of 229.48 feet, but, nevertheless, to a point on the South edge of an existing road
marking the North line of lands described as Tract One within said instruments  
      Ex. B-52  

recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, which point is further identified as a point on the South line of that certain parcel dedicated for use as a perpetual
non-exclusive easement within instrument executed by Martha Ker Brady Lum, et al, in favor of The Merchants Realty Company, its successors and assigns in title, recorded in Deed Book 350 at Page 382 of the aforesaid Land Records; run thence along
the Southerly edge of said existing roadway and along the arcs of the curves therein having the following approximate chord bearings and distances, (but, nevertheless, following the edge of pavement as same existed on November 7, 1992) which
approximate chord bearings and distances are as follows: North 59  24  11  West, 34.59 feet; North 28  05  02  West, 62.19 feet; North 06  11  50  West, 127.04 feet; North 08  59  53 
West, 28.84 feet; North 22  10  40  West, 34.54 feet; North 44  06  20  West, 28.41 feet; North 48  37  33  West, 19.80 feet to the Northernmost corner of lands described as Tract One within said instrument
recorded in said Deed Book 260 at Page 199 and Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same further identified as the Northeast corner of lands described as Tract Four within said Deed recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35, same further being the Northeast corner
of lands conveyed unto C. L. Andrews by Deed dated June 14, 1932, recorded in Deed Book 188 at Page 10, and depicted upon plat attached thereto; run thence along the North line of lands described as Tract Four and thereafter along lands described as
Tract Three, each within said instrument recorded in Deed Book 484 at Page 35, and along the North line of lands described within said Deed recorded in Deed Book 188 at Page 10, being along the line marked by a board fence identified upon said plat
attached to Deed recorded in Deed Book 260 at Page 199, North 67  00  West a distance of 339.19 feet, more or less, to a point on the bank of the Mississippi River; thence leaving the North line of lands described within Deed Book 484 at
Page 35 and Deed Book 188 at Page 10 and run along the bank of said Mississippi River having an average bearing of North 23  03  09  East a distance of 32.20 feet, more or less, to a point on the South line of lands conveyed unto the
Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Vicksburg and Warren County, Mississippi, by Deed recorded in Deed Book 882 at Page 233 of the aforesaid Land Records; thence leaving the bank of said Mississippi River and run along the South line of said lands
conveyed by said Deed Book 882 at Page 233 South 68  19  East a distance of 412.36 feet, more or less, to the aforedescribed Vicksburg National Military Park Marker No. 379 and the point of beginning of the lands herein described.  
 TOGETHER WITH all those certain tracts or parcels lying West of the West line of the lands hereinabove described which serves to extend the Northerly and
Southerly lines thereof in a Westerly direction to the thalweg of the Mississippi River and the boundary line between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana.  
   Parcel Two:      That part of Section 32, Township 16
North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
      Ex. B-53  

Beginning at a park stone identified as  Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No.
388 , which point is further described as the southwest corner of a parcel heretofore described as an old government fort described in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, same presently occupied by the
said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as South Fort and which point is further described as a point on the North line of that certain tract conveyed unto Magnolia Hotel Company by Deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of the aforesaid
Land Records and which point is further described as a point on the South line of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla Brady, et al, by Deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of the aforesaid Land Records and from said point
of beginning run thence along the South line of said Brady parcel and the North line of said Magnolia Hotel Company parcel, North 74  55  West, 240 feet, more or less, to the water s edge of the Mississippi River as same existed on
November 7, 1992; thence continue in a westerly direction to a point where said line intersects the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence in northerly direction following
the thalweg of the said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof marking the boundary line between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana a distance of 540 feet, more or less, to a point where the westerly projection of the South line of that
certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 of the aforesaid Land Records intersects the thalweg of said Mississippi River; thence leaving the thalweg of said
Mississippi River and run South 74  30  East, a distance sufficient to intersect the water s edge of the Mississippi River at its easterly bank as same existed on November 7, 1992, which point marks the Southwest corner of the
aforedescribed parcel heretofore conveyed unto Mississippi Power and Light Company by instrument recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and further described within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the aforesaid Land
Records of Warren County; run thence along the South line of said Mississippi Power and Light Company parcel South 74  30  East, a distance of 800 feet, more or less, to a point on the West right-of-way line of Washington Street (being the
same public roadway sometimes known as Warrenton Road and U.S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80), as same existed on November 7, 1992; thence leaving the South line of said Mississippi Power and Light Company parcel and run along the West right-of-way line of
said Washington Street, South 22  18  41  West, 54.64 feet, more or less, to a point on the North line of lands conveyed to the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268, which parcel is presently
occupied by the said Vicksburg National Military Park and is known as South Fort; run thence along the North line of said Vicksburg National Military Park parcel with the following courses and distances, each converted from the astronomical azimuths
previously published within said Deed recorded in said Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of said Land Records, viz: North 81  17  West, 283.66 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 386;
South 50  08  West, 268.31 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 387; South 27  48  West, 226.34 feet, more or less, to a park stone identified as Vicksburg National
Military Park Monument No. 388, which point marks the point of beginning of the parcel hereindescribed, all  
      Ex. B-54  

lying and being situate within Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi. 
   Parcel Three:  Lum-Brady Access Easement     Together
with a non-exclusive easement and right of way thirty-two feet (32 ) in width for the purpose of ingress and egress and for the further purpose of installation, location, relocation and maintenance of utility lines or cables of all types,
including water, electricity, gas, sewer and the like, whether buried below ground or located overhead, which non-exclusive easement is 14.5 feet to the Northwest and 17.5 feet to the Southeast of the following described line, to-wit:  
 To reach the point of beginning, commence at an iron pipe on the West right of way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes known as
Warrenton Road and U. S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) marking the Northeast Corner of the Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the
land records of Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence along the North line of said Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel North 74  30  West 423.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING of the line herein described; from said POINT OF
BEGINNING run thence South 33  00  West 208.68 feet, more or less, on the South line of said Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel as described within said Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and Deed Book 596 at Page 375 of said land records
and the Southerly terminus of the line herein described, said easement all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.  
   TRACT THREE:   Parcel One:  Morrison (Casino) Fee Simple   
 That part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
 Beginning at Vicksburg National Military Park Boundary Marker No. 394 found at the Northeast Corner of that certain tract of land described as Parcel 2 within
that certain deed in favor of the Vicksburg Bridge and Terminal Company, recorded in Deed Book 180 at Page 561 of the land records of Warren County, Mississippi, which point is further described as the Northeast Corner of lands described as Parcel D
within deed executed by Vicksburg Bridge Company, dated April 30, 1947, recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462 of said land records, into which Parcel D the said Warren County, Mississippi went into possession notwithstanding a scrivener s error
therein contained incorrectly setting forth such point of beginning as the Northeast Corner of lands described in Deed Book 172 at Page 346 and which point of beginning is further described as a point on the South line of Parcel K within said deed
in favor of said Warren County, Mississippi, recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462, notwithstanding the propagation of the same scrivener s error incorrectly identifying same as the Northeast Corner of Parcel 2 of the lands conveyed by
 
      Ex. B-55  

said Deed Book 172 at Page 346 rather than the Northeast Corner of lands conveyed by said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 of said land records and from said POINT OF BEGINNING run thence along the
South line of said lands described as Parcel K into which the said Warren County, Mississippi went into possession by virtue of said deed recorded in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 and along the North line of that part of the Vicksburg National
Military Park known as Navy Circle, South 79  24  East a distance of 30.26 feet, more or less, to a point marking the Southwest corner of that certain parcel conveyed to D. P. Waring and W. F. Hallberg by deed recorded in Deed Book 218 at
Page 47 of said land records, same thereafter having been described as the Southwest Corner of Parcel I within deed executed by D. P. Waring in favor of W. F. Hallberg recorded in Deed Book 296 at Page 208 of said land records and same further
being the Southwest Corner of lands thereafter conveyed to R. R. Morrison   Son, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 592 at Page 113 of said land records; thence leaving the North line of said Vicksburg National Military Park (Navy Circle)
and run along the West line of said Parcel One described in said Waring-Hallberg deed recorded in said Deed Book 296 at Page 208 and, thereafter, along the West line of Parcel Two within said Deed Book 296 at Page 208, same further being the West
line of lands described in Deed Book 264 at Page 219, (previously described in the descriptions of the property herein conveyed as  another parcel owned by D. P. Waring, et al, not recorded ) North 26  00  East, a distance of
334.5 feet, more or less, to a point marking the Northwest Corner of Parcel II of the Waring-Hallberg parcels described in said Deed Book 296 at Page 208 of said land records, which point also marks the Northwest Corner of said Morrison parcel
described in Deed Book 592 at Page 113 and which point is further described as a point on the South line of that certain parcel conveyed to the Magnolia Hotel Company by deed recorded in Deed Book 684 at Page 47 of said land records; run thence
along the South line of said Magnolia Hotel Company parcel and the North line of the lands herein described and conveyed, North 64  25  West, a distance sufficient to intersect the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary
between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence along the thalweg of said Mississippi River and the meanderings thereof marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana in a Southerly or Southwesterly direction a
distance of 330 feet, more or less, to a point where same intersects the North line of Parcel 2 extended Westerly described within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 and the North line of Parcel D extended Westerly described within said Deed Book 262 at
Page 462; thence leaving the thalweg of said River and run South 62  11  East to a point described in said Parcel 2 within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 and within Parcel D in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 as the bank of the Mississippi
River at zero contour as of August 1, 1929; thence continue South 62  11  East along a line marking the North line of lands described as Parcel 2 within said Deed Book 180 at Page 561 along the North line of lands described as Parcel D into
which Warren County, Mississippi went into possession by virtue of the aforedescribed deed recorded in said Deed Book 262 at Page 462 and along the South line of Parcel K within that same deed, a distance of 600 feet, more or less, to a point where
same intersects the said Vicksburg National Military Park Monument No. 394, and the POINT OF BEGINNING of the parcel herein described, all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East,
 
      Ex. B-56  

Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, together with all alluvions, accretions, batture and all riparian rights appurtenant thereto, it being the intention herein to correct certain deficiencies
in description contained in that certain deed recorded in Deed Book 812 at Page 255 of the land records of Warren County, Mississippi, and to describe and convey all of these lands heretofore conveyed to Vicksburg Bridge Company by deed recorded in
Deed Book 242 at Page 443 and the lands conveyed to Warren County, Mississippi as Parcel K within deed recorded in Deed Book 262 at Page 462, each within the aforedescribed land records.  
   Parcel Two:  Slope Easement Morrison Support (Casino)   
 TOGETHER WITH THOSE CERTAIN RIGHTS INURING TO THE BENEFIT OF AMERISTAR CASINO VICKSBURG, INC. AND TO R. R. MORRISON   SON, INC. BY VIRTUE
OF THAT CERTAIN INSTRUMENT STYLED  SLOPE EASEMENT AGREEMENT  DATED JUNE 9, 1994, RECORDED IN DEED BOOK 1014 AT PAGE 233 OF THE LAND RECORDS OF WARREN COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI, WHEREIN CERTAIN RIGHTS TO CONSTRUCT AND MAINTAIN A SLOPE PROVIDING
LATERAL SUPPORT OF A STRUCTURAL EMBANKMENT CONSTRUCTED ON LANDS OF WARREN COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI WHICH ARE ADJACENT TO TRACT THREE DESCRIBED HEREINABOVE ARE GRANTED AND BEING FURTHER DESCRIBED AS:  
 Commencing at the Southeast corner of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence South
33  27  20  West, 1862.86 feet to the Vicksburg National Military Park ( VNMP ) Monument #394, being the Point of Beginning of the parcel herein described; from said Point of Beginning run thence South 29  04 
West, 50.00 feet; thence North 61  11  West, 60.00 feet; thence North 82  45  West, 94.63 feet; thence North 43  31  West, 260.23 feet; thence South 62  11  East, 396.26 feet to the Point of Beginning, all lying
in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, containing 0.44 acres, more or less.     TRACT FOUR :
Cofferdam (Casino) Site (Fee Simple)     That tract or parcel of land upon which is constructed a certain cofferdam enclosure extending into the
Mississippi River and being partially within Tract One of the lands hereinabove described and partially within Tract Two of the lands hereinabove described, same all lying and being situate in the City of Vicksburg, County of Warren, State of
Mississippi, and being part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    To reach the point of
beginning, commence at Vicksburg National Military Park Concrete Marker No. 388, which point marks the Southwest corner of the lands presently occupied by said Vicksburg National Military Park and known as South Fort, same having been conveyed to
the United States of America by instrument recorded in Deed Book 93 at Page 268 of the aforesaid land records, which point further marks the Southeast Corner of lands conveyed to Miss Priscilla  
      Ex. B-57  

Brady by deed dated December 20, 1923, recorded in Deed Book 156 at Page 48 of said land records; run thence along the South line of said Brady parcel North 74  55  West, 77.53 feet,
more or less, to a point on the easterly exterior face of a cell structure of a cofferdam enclosure located near the east bank of the Mississippi River, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the tract herein described; from said POINT OF
BEGINNING run thence along the easterly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure South 15  00  West, 416.91 feet, more or less, to an iron pin set at a point where said course intersects a line projected easterly from the southerly
exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure; run thence along a line projected in a Westerly direction extending along the southerly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure having a course said to be North 75  00  West, a distance of 255.0
feet, more or less, to a point in the Mississippi River where said course intersects a line projected Southerly from the westerly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure; run thence in a northerly direction in the Mississippi River along a line
projected in a northerly direction which will run along the westerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure North 15  00  East, a distance of 490.0 feet, more or less, to a point in the Mississippi River where said course
intersects a line projected Westerly from the Northerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure; run thence in an easterly direction in the Mississippi River and thereafter on the land comprising the East bank thereof, but, nevertheless,
along a line projected in an easterly direction which will run along the northerly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure South 75  00  East, a distance of 255.0 feet, more or less, to an iron pin set at a point where said
course intersects a line projected northerly from the easterly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure; run thence along a line projected in a southerly direction extending along the easterly exterior face of said cofferdam enclosure
having a course said to be South 74  55  West, a distance of 73.09 feet, more or less, to a point on the easterly exterior face of said existing cofferdam enclosure, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the tract herein described all
lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.    TOGETHER WITH all tracts, parcels or
properties, whether submerged or not, lying West of the West line of the lands hereinabove described which serves to extend the Northerly and Southerly lines thereof in a Westerly direction to the thalweg of the Mississippi River and the boundary
line between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana.      TRACT FIVE:  Southerly Portion of Northwest (Casino) Parking Lot (Pt. MP L Fee Simple)
    To reach the point of beginning, commence at an iron pipe on the West right of way line of Washington Street (being the same public roadway sometimes
known as Warrenton Road and U. S. Highway Nos. 61 and 80) marking the Northeast Corner of the Mississippi Power   Light Company parcel recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 424 and within Quitclaim Deed recorded in Deed Book 596 at Page 375 and the
South line of lands into which Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. went into fee simple possession by virtue of deed dated February 28, 1994, recorded in Deed  
      Ex. B-58  

Book 1004 at Page 103, each within the land records of Warren County, Mississippi (the  Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel ) and run thence along the North line of said Ameristar Fee Simple
Parcel North 74  30  West 397.56 feet, more or less, to the Easterly edge of a paved roadway, 32 feet in width (the  Northerly Access Road ) which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING of the parcel herein described; from said POINT
OF BEGINNING run thence along the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road, South 41  52  14  West 221.65 feet, more or less, on the South line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel as described within said Deed Book 158 at Page
424 and Deed Book 596 at Page 375, each within the aforesaid land records and the Southeasterly corner of the parcel herein described; thence leaving the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road and run along the Southerly line of the Ameristar
Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 35.71 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of the Northerly Access Road; thence leaving the Westerly edge of the Northerly Access Road and continue along the Southerly line of the
Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 215.08 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of an existing paved parking lot; thence leaving the Westerly edge of said existing paved parking lot and continue along the
Southerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 77.14 feet, more or less, to a point on the top bank of the Mississippi River as same existed on November 7, 1992 (the  Top Bank  thence leaving the Top Bank
and continue North 74  30  a distance sufficient to intersect the thalweg of the Mississippi River marking the boundary between the states of Mississippi and Louisiana; run thence along the thalweg of said Mississippi River and the
meanderings thereof marking the boundary between the States of Mississippi and Louisiana in a Northerly or Northeasterly direction a distance sufficient to reach a point where same intersects the North line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel
extended Westerly from the Top Bank; thence leaving the thalweg of said River and run in an Easterly direction along the Northerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel a distance sufficient to reach the Top Bank; thence continue along the
Northerly line of the Ameristar Fee Simple Parcel, South 74  30  East, a distance of 110.38 feet, more or less, to a point on the Westerly edge of said existing paved parking lot; thence continue along the Southerly line of the Ameristar
Fee Simple Parcel, North 74  30  West 291.72 feet, more or less, to a point on the Easterly edge of the Northerly Access Road, which point marks the POINT OF BEGINNING, said parcel all lying and being situate in Section 32, Township 16
North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi, being the westernmost portion of lands described as Tract II within lands into which Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. went into fee simple possession by virtue of deed dated February 28,
1994, recorded in Deed Book 1004 at Page 103, each within the land records of Warren County, Mississippi.      TRACT SIX:  Northerly Portion of
Northwest (Casino) Parking Lot (Delta Land Fee Simple)     That part of the Delta Land Company, Inc. parcels of land as recorded in Deed Book 1018 at
Page 492 of the Land Records of Warren County being part of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range  
      Ex. B-59  

3 East, Vicksburg, County of Warren, Mississippi, containing, in aggregate, 4.29 acres, more or less, and being more particularly described as follows:  
 Commencing at that certain Vicksburg National Military Park Monument # 379 run thence S 16  38  14  W, a distance of 473.98 ft. to a point being
the Southeast comer of Parcel I of the Delta Land Company, Inc. property as well as the Point of Beginning of the herein described parcel; thence run N 59  10  00  W, a distance of 447 ft., more or less, along the South line of said
property to a point at the thalweg of Mississippi River being the apparent Southwest comer of the Delta Land Company, Inc. property; thence along said thalweg as well as the apparent West line of said property, run N 18  47  39  E, a
distance of 369 ft., more or less, to a point being the apparent Northwest comer of said property; thence, along the North line, run S 67  00  00  E, a distance of 339 ft., more or less, to a point in the South right-of-way of that
certain City of Vicksburg maintained access to Riverfront Park; thence along said right-of-way the following courses: S 48  37  33  E, for a distance of 19.80 ft.; S 44  06  20  E, for a distance of 28.41 ft.; S 22 
10  40  E, for a distance of 34.54 ft.; S 08  59  53  E, for a distance of 28.84 ft.; S 06  11  50  E, for a distance of 127.04 ft.; S 28  05  02  E, for a distance of 62.19 ft.; S 59  24 
11  E, for a distance of 34.59 ft.; thence, leaving said right-of-way, run S 48  00  00  W, a distance of 229.48 ft. to the Southeast comer of said Parcel I as well as being the Point of Beginning and containing, in aggregate,
4.29 acres, more or less, being part of Section 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, County of Warren, Mississippi.      Tract Seven: 
Hotel Site (Fee Simple)     Beginning at a point in the East line of Washington Street, same being the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel
of land conveyed to Magnolia Hotel Company by Julius M. Buchanan, et ux, as recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi in Deed Book 247 at Page 498 (the  Magnolia Deed ) and the point of beginning thereafter conveyed
by Commonwealth Hotels of Mississippi to Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. by deed dated June 7, 1994, recorded in Deed Book 1014 at Page 77 (the  Commonwealth Deed ) said Northwest corner being marked by an iron pipe driven flush with
the ground a distance of 1 foot; more or less, northerly from a power pole and a distance of thirty (30) feet, more or less, as measured Easterly, from the center line of the pavement of U. S. Highway 61-80; from said point of beginning running with
the line as described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed as South 86 degrees 45 Minutes East, but having an actual course made more definite by survey  circa  1997 (the  1997 Survey ) made in connection with a
conveyance by Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. dated July 21, 1997, recorded in Deed Book 1114 at Page 301 (the  AC Deed ) of South 86 Degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds East, but, nevertheless, a distance of 106.00 feet to a point; run thence
along a line as described in the Magnolia Deed and the Commonwealth Deed as South 72 degrees 45 Minutes East a distance of 178 feet, but having an actual course and distance as established by the 1997 Survey of South 72 degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds
East a distance of 175.00 feet, but, nevertheless, to an iron pipe which marks a point in  
      Ex. B-60  

that certain old dilapidated fence line as same existed on the date of delivery of the said Magnolia Deed, which old fence was thereafter covered by fill and improvements to the surrounding
property and is no longer in evidence but was re-established by the 1997 Survey; run thence with the course of said old fence, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed of South 77 degrees 50 Minutes East, but having an actual course
established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of a distance of South 77 degrees 39 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 307.00 feet to an iron pipe; run thence with the course of said old fence, having a course described
in the Magnolia Deed of South 83 degrees 45 Minutes East, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 83 degrees 34 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 200.00 feet to an iron pipe
which marks the apparent northeast corner of said old fence; thence continuing with the course of said old fence and a Southerly projection thereof, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed of South 14 degrees 40
Minutes East a distance of 416 feet, but having an actual course and distance established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 14 degrees 29 Minutes 00 Seconds East a distance of 419.50 feet, but, nevertheless, along a course and distance
sufficient to reach the North right-of-way line of the Illinois Central Railroad; run thence along the north right-of-way line of said railroad, having a course described in the Magnolia Deed and in the Commonwealth Deed of South 55 degrees 52
Minutes 28 Seconds West, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of South 56 degrees 02 Minutes 30 Seconds West, but, in each instance a distance of 795.22 feet, more or less, to the intersection of said
Railroad right-of-way line with the east right-of-way line of Federal Aid Project No. I-IG-20-1 (24) 0 (the  I-20 ROW  thence run with the I-20 ROW as conveyed to the State Highway Commission of Mississippi by Magnolia Hotel Company by
deed recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County in Deed Book 414 at Page 545, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 55 degrees 17 Minutes West, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC
Deed of North 55 degrees 06 Minutes 00 Seconds West, and, in each instance a distance of 195.00 feet, but, nevertheless along said I-20 ROW with a distance sufficient to reach a point that is 160 feet northwesterly of and measured radially to
Station 25+00 on the northerly edge of the proposed pavement of the North ramp of the  I-20  ROW, as shown on plans for said project; thence continue along the I-20 ROW, having a course published in the
Commonwealth Deed of North 45 degrees 05 Minutes 04 Seconds West but having an actual distance as established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North 44 degrees 58 Minutes 04 Seconds West, and, in each instance, a distance of 419.50 feet,
but, nevertheless along a course with distance sufficient to reach a point that is forty (40) feet Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 3+40 on the centerline of the East lane of the relocation of U. S. Highway 61 (Washington Street) as
shown on plans for said project (the  East Lane  thence run along the East Lane of U. S. Highway 61/Washington Street, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 02 degrees 37 Minutes 02 Seconds East, but having a actual
course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North 02 degrees 47 Minutes 25 Seconds East, and, in each instance a distance of 41.38 feet, but, nevertheless, with a distance sufficient to reach a point that  
      Ex. B-61  

is 25 feet Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 3+00 on the centerline of said East lane, run thence along the East Lane of U. S. Highway 61/Washington Street, having a course
published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 17 Degrees 14 Minutes 00 Seconds East but having a actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of North 17 Degrees 25 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of
101.00 feet, but, nevertheless along the East Lane with a distance sufficient to reach a point that is Southeasterly of and measured radially to Station 2+00 on the centerline of the East lane of the relocation of former U. S. Highway 61 as
shown on plans for Federal Aid Project No. I-IG-20-1 (24) 0 (the last described point being also a point in the West line of the tract conveyed by Magnolia Deed); run thence with said West line of land conveyed in the Magnolia Deed, being also the
East right-of-way line of said former U. S. Highway No. 61-80/Washington Street, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of North 25 degrees 40 Minutes East but having a actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed of
North 25 degrees 51 Minutes 00 Seconds East, and, in each instance, a distance of 247.00 feet; thence continuing with said West line of land conveyed by the Magnolia Deed and along the East Lane, having a course published in the Commonwealth Deed of
North 23 degrees 10 Minutes East, but having an actual course established by the 1997 Survey and in the AC Deed, and, in each instance a distance of 246.00 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning, all of the above described lot, tract or
parcel of land lying being situated in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi and contains 16.45 acres, more or less, it being the intention herein to described and convey, and there is hereby described and
conveyed, the same lands heretofore conveyed to Ameristar Casino Vicksburg, Inc. by deed recorded in Deed Book 1014 at Page 77 and the lands thereafter conveyed to AC Hotel Corp. by deed recorded in Deed Book 1114 at Page 301, each within the
aforesaid Warren County Land Records.      TRACT EIGHT    
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:  
  PARCEL ONE : Beginning at an iron pipe which lies south 13 degrees 15 minutes west 202.02 feet from an axle marking the Northeast
corner of that certain lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd as recorded in the office of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, in Book 280 at Page 523 being a point in the South line of Lucy Bryson Street, which said point of
beginning marks a corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to W. A. Byrd by J. B. Dabney on March 25, 1952;  
      Ex. B-62  

thence south 26 degrees 55 minutes east 352.51 feet to an iron pipe; thence south 89 degrees 26 minutes west, 77.45 feet to an iron pipe; thence north 30 degrees 53 minutes west 431.57 feet
to an iron axle at the Southwest corner of the aforementioned Byrd property as recorded in Book 280 at Page 523; thence along the South line of said Byrd property, south 68 degrees 24 minutes east 125 feet; thence south 68 degrees 09 minutes east
24.94 feet to the point of beginning, and containing 0.7 acre, more or less.     TOGETHER  with a right-of-way and easement for the
purpose of providing ingress and egress for the above described land in, on and over a strip of land 24 feet wide off of the East side of that certain lot, tract or parcel of land which was conveyed to W. A. Byrd by Lucy B. Dabney by deed dated
April 6, 1950, and recorded in Deed Book 280 at Page 523 of the aforesaid Land Records, which said strip of land extends from the North boundary line of the above described land to Lucy Bryson Street and which is presently used in providing ingress
and egress to the said lands.     PARCEL TWO : Beginning at the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed
by Julius M. Buchanan to Magnolia Hotel Company as recorded in the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi in Deed Book 247 at Page 498, said Northwest corner being marked by a large iron pipe which lies a distance, as measured easterly, of
thirty feet from the centerline of the pavement of U.S. Highway 61 and 80, run thence on the chord of a curve of Highway north 18 degrees 14 minutes east a distance of 268.77 feet to an iron pipe which marks the Northwest corner of that
 
      Ex. B-63  

certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to W. A. Byrd as recorded in the aforementioned Land Records in Book 252 at Page 510, said Northwest corner of the Byrd property being also the Southwest
corner of the Henry C. Pullen lot as described in said Land Records in Book 274 at Page 392; run thence on the line common to said Pullen and Byrd, South 72 degrees East 200 feet to an iron pipe which marks the Southeast corner of said Pullen lot;
run thence with the East line of said Pullen lot and the East line of the W. T. Sheffield lot, as described in said Land Records in Book 388 at Page 179, North 18 degrees 24 minutes East a distance of 222.66 feet to an iron pipe which marks the
Northeast corner of said Sheffield lot and being also the Southeast corner of the Lora Mae Girod lot as described in said Land Records in Book 396 at Page 397, and being also the Southwest corner of the John L. Kerr Company lot as recorded in said
Land Records in Book 322 at Page 547 and being the Northwest corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to Capitol Transport Company, Inc. by W. A. Byrd as recorded in said Land Records in Deed Book 318 at Page 374; thence run with said
Capitol Transport Company, Inc. s West boundary line being also the East boundary line of the lot herein described, South 29 degrees 08 minutes East a distance of 431.32 feet to an iron pipe which marks a corner common to said Capitol Transport
Company and the lands of Joseph Gerache, said Gerache lands being described in the above mentioned Land Records in Book 356 at Page 453; run thence with a common boundary to the Byrd and Gerache lands North 40 degrees 59 minutes West a distance of
137.3 feet to an iron pipe; thence continuing with the Byrd and Gerache boundary South 17 degrees 33 minutes West a distance of 226.96 feet to an iron pipe in the North line of the aforementioned Magnolia Hotel Lands, said iron pipe also being a
corner to Byrd and Gerache; thence running with said Magnolia Hotel Company s North line as follows: North 77 degrees 50 minutes West 123 feet; North 72 degrees 45 minutes West 178 feet; North 86 degrees 45 minutes West 106 feet to the point of
beginning, and containing 2.88 acres, more or less.     PARCEL THREE:  Beginning at a point which lies South 66 degrees 39 minutes East
a distance of 125 feet from the Northernmost corner of Parcel Two described above and being also the Southeast corner of that certain tract or parcel of land conveyed to John L. Kerr, Co. by W. A. Byrd as described in Deed Book 322 at Page 547 of
the aforesaid Land Records; running thence North 22 degrees 05 minutes East 200 feet to a point; run thence South 15 degrees 00 minutes West 202.2 feet to an axel which marks the Northeast corner of the Capitol Transport Company s land; run
thence with said Capitol Transport Company s North line North 66 degrees 24 minutes West 24.94 feet to the point of beginning, and containing 0.06 acre, more or less.  
      Ex. B-64  

TRACT NINE   
 Beginning at the Southeast corner of the lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 258, at Page 397, of the Record of Deeds of
said county, being a point in the South line of the Mosby Tract and in the North line of the property of Magnolia Hotel Company, which line is marked by an old fence, and run thence South Eighty-Two (82) Degrees Ten (10) Minutes East along said
fence Four Hundred (400 ) Feet more or less to a fence corner; thence continuing on the same course Two Hundred Eighty-Five (285 ) Feet to a stake; thence North Ten (10) Degrees Five (5) Minutes West One Hundred Ten (110 ) Feet to a
stake; thence North Eighty Four (84) Degrees Fifty (50) Minutes East One Hundred Twenty (120 ) Feet more or less to the West line of the right of way of the Y MV Railroad leading to the Mississippi River Bridge; thence Northwardly on a
curve to the left along the West line of the right of way to its intersection with the center of the high power line of the Mississippi Power and Light Company; thence North Seventy-Four (74) Degrees West along the center of said power line to the
Northeast corner of a lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 280 at Page 525 of said Records of Deeds, being Parcel Two in said Deed; thence South Twenty-One (21) Degrees Thirty-Two (32) Minutes West One Hundred
Sixty-Five (165 ) Feet to the Southeast corner of last named lot, being a point in the North line of Lucy Bryson Street; thence South Sixty-Eight (68) Degrees Twenty-Eight (28) Minutes East along the North line of Lucy Bryson Street Fifty
(50 ) Feet to the end of said street; thence South Twenty-One (21) Degrees Thirty-Two (32) Minutes West Fifty (50 ) Feet across the East end of said street, being a point in the North line of the lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A.
Byrd by Deed recorded in Book 280 at Page 523 of said Record of Deeds; thence South Sixty-Eight (68) Degrees Twenty-Eight (28) Minutes East along the North line of said Byrd lot Twenty-Five (25 ) Feet to its Northeast corner; thence South
Thirteen (13) Degrees Fifteen (15) Minutes West Two Hundred Two and Two-Tenths (202.2 ) Feet to an iron pipe; thence South Twenty-Six (26) Degrees Fifty-Five (55) Minutes East Three Hundred Fifty-two and fifty-one one-hundredths (352.51 )
Feet to an iron pipe; thence South Eighty-Nine (89) Degrees Twenty-Six (26) Minutes West Seventy-Seven and forty-five hundredths (77.45 ) Feet to an iron pipe; thence North Thirty-Nine (39) Degrees Thirty-Seven (37) Minutes West One Hundred
Forty-Three and fifty-three one-hundredths (143.53 ) Feet to an iron pipe in the Northeast corner of said lot conveyed by Lucy B. Dabney to W. A. Byrd by deed recorded in Book 258 at Page 397 of said Record of Deeds; thence Southwardly along
the East line of the last named lot Two Hundred Thirty-One (231 ) Feet, more or less, to the point of beginning, being in Sections Thirty and Thirty-Two (30 and 32), Township Sixteen (16) North, Range Three (3) East, being the same property
conveyed by J. B. Dabney to Joseph J. Gerache by deed dated March 26, 1952 and recorded in Book 294 at page 296 of said Record of Deeds and further conveyed to Joseph A. Gerache by Joseph J. Gerache by deed dated February 3, 1960 and recorded in
Book 356 at Page 453 of said Land Records.  
      Ex. B-65  

TOGETHER WITH ALL RIGHT TITLE AND INTEREST OF GRANTOR IN AND TO that certain grant of easement from
Walter A. Byrd in favor of Joseph J. Gerache for vehicular access over and across a strip of land 18 feet in width, fronting on Lucy Bryson Street and leading to the subject property, more particularly described within instrument styled
 Easement  dated July 25, 1952, filed for record in the office of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, on July 28, 1952 at 8:00 A.M., recorded therein in Deed Book 296 at Page 377.  
 LESS AND EXCEPT that part of the above described property conveyed by Joseph J. Gerache, et al, to Mississippi Power and Light Company by Deed dated August
31, 1955 and recorded in Book 324, at page 295 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.    LESS AND EXCEPT that part of the above described
property conveyed by Joseph A. Gerache to Mississippi Power   Light Company, a Mississippi Corporation, by Warranty Deed dated May 20, 1986 and recorded in Book 780, at page 219 of the Warren County, Mississippi Land Records.  
      Ex. B-66  

TRACT TEN   
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi. Beginning at the Northwest corner of the Michael J. Chancy tract
as recorded in Deed Book 662 at Page 235 of the Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi, and run thence along the North line of the said Chaney tract, South 71 degrees 01 minutes 00 seconds East, 150.00 feet; thence leaving the North line of the
Chaney tract and run South 17 degrees 38 minutes 45 seconds West, 150.90 feet to a point on the South line of the said Chaney tract; thence along the South line of the said Chaney tract, North 74 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds West, 150.00 feet to
the Southwest corner of the Chaney tract, said point lying on the East Right of Way of U. S. Highway 61 and 80; thence along the East Right of Way line of U. S. Highway 61 and 80 in a Northwesterly direction along the arc of a 1 degree 15 minutes 30
second curve, 159.36 feet to the Point of Beginning and containing 0.534 acres, more or less, and being part of the Michael J. Chaney tract as recorded in Deed Book 662 at Page 235 in Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Vicksburg, Warren
County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-67  

TRACT ELEVEN   
 That certain tract of land lying between the center line of Old Warrenton Road (abandoned) and present U. S. Highway 61 and 80, in Section 32,
Township 16, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:    Begin at U. S. National Military Park Marker No.
389 and run thence South 88 degrees 25 minutes east a distance of 15 feet to the point of beginning; run thence north 3 degrees 39 minutes 30 seconds east a distance of 100.15 feet to a point; run thence north 18 degrees 39 minutes east a distance
of 75.56 feet to a point; run thence north 38 degrees 57 minutes east a distance of 110.49 feet to a point on the west right-of-way line of present U. S. Highway 61 and 80; run thence south 20 degrees 34 minutes west along said right-of-way line a
distance of 119.61 feet to a point; run thence south 18 degrees 14 minutes west along said right-of-way line a distance of 153.10 feet to a point; run thence north 88 degrees 25 minutes west a distance of 10.4 feet to the point of beginning.  
      Ex. B-68  

TRACT TWELVE   
 Beginning at a U. S. General Land Office Survey concrete marker erected in 1938 at the inter-section of the south line of the Vicksburg
National Military Park adjacent to Confederate Avenue with the section line running north and south dividing Sections Twenty-nine (29) and Thirty-one (31), Township Sixteen (16), Range Three (3) East, and running thence along the south line of said
Park, north 50 degrees 35 minutes west, forty-five and 15/100 (45.15) feet to the Park Stone Number 408; thence, continuing on the same course, nine and 66/100 (9.66) feet to a point in the east line of the right-of-way of Mississippi U. S. Highways
61 and 80; thence, along said east line of said Highway, which is an arc to the right the chord of which is one hundred and twenty-one and 23/100 (121.23) feet with a bearing of South 15 degrees 43 minutes west; thence, continuing along the east
line of said right-of-way, south 20 degrees 52 minutes West, eighteen and 77/100 (18.77) feet to the northwest corner of a lot conveyed by L. C. Latham to Old South Motors, Inc. by deed recorded in Book 278 on Page 374 of the Record of Deeds of said
County; thence, south 68 degrees 03 minutes East, along the north line of said Old South Motors, Inc., two hundred (200) feet, thence North 21 degrees 57 minutes East, seventy-one and 29/100 (71.29) feet to an intersection with the south line of
said Military Park; thence North 50 degrees 35 minutes West, one hundred seventy-one and 24/100 (171.24) feet to the point of beginning, being in Sections 29 and 31, Township 16, Range 3 East, and being a portion of the same land conveyed to L. C.
Latham by Lucy B. Dabney by deed dated August 27, 1946, and recorded in Book 258 at Page 22 of the Land Deed Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-69  

TRACT THIRTEEN   
  TRACT I     Beginning at a United States
General Land Office Survey concrete marker located on the intersection of the section line which divides Sections 29 and 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, with the Vicksburg National Military Park boundary line, said marker being 269.08 feet
North of the Southeast corner of said Section 31 and the Southwest corner of said Section 29; thence North sixty-eight (68) degrees and twenty-eight (28) minutes West from said marker a distance of 36.4 feet; thence South twenty-one (21) degrees and
thirty-two (32) minutes West a distance of 197.2 feet to a point on the East right-of-way line of Miss. U. S. Highways Nos. 61 and 80 and continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right-of-way line of said
Highways a distance of 289 feet to an iron pin; thence continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right-of-way line of said Highways a distance of 242.50 feet to an iron pin marking the Southwest corner of a
tract of land described in Deed Book 324, Page 295 and the POINT OF BEGINNING:    THENCE run South 68 degrees 26 minutes 22 seconds East,
along the South line of said tract and along the South line of a tract of land described in Deed Book 780, Page 219, 350.02 feet, to the Southeast corner of said tract;  
 THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 second East, 175.90 feet, along the East line of said tract to the Northeast corner thereof;  
 THENCE run North 74 degrees 00 minutes 00 second West, along the North lines of the aforementioned tract 150.90 feet, to a point on the East
line of a tract of land described in Deed Book 254, Page 447;    THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds East, along the East line
of said tract 100.50 feet to a found iron pin, the Northeast corner thereof;    THENCE run North 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds West, along
the North line of said tract 200.74 feet to the Northwest corner thereof, same being on the East right-of-way line of said Highways 61 and 80;  
      Ex. B-70  

THENCE along said right-of-way, run South 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds West, 242.50 feet to
the POINT OF BEGINNING; containing 1.74 acres, more or less,  LESS AND EXCEPT  the hereinbelow described 0.03 acre Tract (hereinafter the  Reserved Tract ), leaving a net acreage of 1.71 acres, more or less, to-wit:  
 Beginning at a United States General Land Office Survey concrete marker located on the intersection of the section line which divides Sections
29 and 31, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, with the Vicksburg National Military Park boundary line, said marker being 269.08 feet North of the Southeast corner of said Section 31 and the Southwest corner of said Section 29; thence North sixty-eight
(68) degrees and twenty-eight (28) minutes West from said marker a distance of 36.4 feet; thence South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West a distance of 197.2 feet to a point on the East right of way line of Miss. U. S. Highways
Nos. 61 and 80 and continuing South twenty-one (21) degrees and thirty-two (32) minutes West along East right of way line of said Highways a distance of 289 feet to an iron pin marking the Northwest corner of the herein above described TRACT I;
thence leaving said East right of way line of Miss. U. S. Highways Nos. 61 and 80, run along the North line of the above described TRACT I, South 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds East, 149.64 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING:  
 THENCE continue along said North line of above described TRACT I, South 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds East, 51.10 feet to the Northeast
corner thereof;    THENCE along the East line of said TRACT I, run South 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds West, 21.60 feet;  
 THENCE leaving said East line, run North 73 degrees 57 minutes 01 seconds West and parallel to the said North line of TRACT I, 51.10 feet;
   THENCE run North 21 degrees 32 minutes 00 seconds East and parallel to the said East line of TRACT I, 21.60 feet to the POINT OF
BEGINNING, containing 0.03 acres, more or less.     TRACT II   
 Beginning at a point on the west line of Warrenton Road, a distance of fifty (50) feet in a northerly direction from the northeast corner of
that certain tract of land which is described in, and which was conveyed to the United States of America by, that certain deed bearing date the 24th day of January, 1920, executed by Thomasene H. Woolsey and M. E. Hughes, which is recorded in Deed
Book No. 93, at Page 268, of the Land Records in the office of the Clerk of the Chancery Court of said Warren County; running thence North along the west line of said Warrenton Road a distance of 199.95 feet; thence North seventy-five (75) degrees
twenty-three (23) minutes and four (04) seconds West, a distance of eight hundred (800) feet, more or less, to the west line of that certain lot, tract or parcel of land which was conveyed to Eliza B.  
      Ex. B-71  

Humphreys and Priscilla Brady by W. G. Kiger by deed bearing date the 20th day of December, 1923,
recorded in Deed Book 156, at Page 48, of the land records aforesaid; thence in a Southerly direction along the west line of the land so conveyed to Eliza B. Humphreys and Priscilla Brady by the said W. G. Kiger, a distance of 199.95 feet, thence
South seventy-five (75) degrees twenty-three (23) minutes and four (04) seconds East, a distance of eight hundred (800) feet, more or less, to the point of beginning; containing four (4) acres, more or less and being a part of Section Thirty-two
(32), in Township Sixteen (16) North, Range Three (3) East, and being the same property described in that certain conveyance to The Mississippi Power and Light Company dated May 13, 1925, appearing of record in Deed Book 158, at page 424, of the
Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-72  

TRACT FOURTEEN   
  Parcel One:     A parcel of land situated in Section 32,
Township 16 North, Range 3 East and being a part of that tract of land described as Parcel 1 in the conveyance to Lucy B. Dabney by deed recorded in Deed Book 206 at Page 205 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, being
more particularly described as follows:    Beginning at the intersection of the South boundary of Lucy Bryson Street as described in deed recorded in Deed
Book 282 at Page 55 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi, with the East right-of-way line of Mississippi Highway 61 and U. S. Highway 80, which point is 15.0 feet as measured along the East right-of-way line of
said Highways 61 and 80 from the South boundary of Mississippi Power and Light Company s 80 foot wide right-of-way as described in deed recorded in Deed Book 158 at Page 511 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi;
run thence South 67 degrees 30 minutes East and along the South boundary of Lucy Bryson Street 150 feet; run thence South 21 degrees 30 minutes West 195.60 feet, more or less, to the North boundary of the W. T. Sheffield, Sr. property as described
in deed recorded in Deed Book 388 at Page 179 of the records of the Chancery Clerk of Warren County, Mississippi; run thence North 69 degrees 11 minutes West and along the North line of the said W. T. Sheffield property through an existing
3/4 inch iron bar 150 feet, more or less, to the East right-of-way line of Mississippi Highway 61 and U. S. Highway 80; run thence Northeasterly and along a 00 degree 48 minute curve in the said Eastern right-of-way of said Highways 194.10 feet to
the tangent point of said curve, said curve having a chord bearing North 21 degrees 30 minutes East 194.10 feet; run thence North 22 degrees 17 minutes East and along said highway right-of-way 5.90 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning;  
 Being the same land described in that certain WARRANTY DEED dated October 10,1968, Leo Hall, Grantor, to Humble Oil   Refining Company, a Delaware
corporation, (now Exxon Corporation), Grantee and recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 448 at Page 456, and the same lands and improvements thereafter conveyed by Exxon Corporation,
 
      Ex. B-73  

successor by merger to Humble Oil   Refining Company) by deed recorded in Deed Book 574 at Page 292 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
  PARCEL TWO:     Being situated in Section 32, Township 16
North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Vicksburg, Mississippi and being a part of that tract known as Parcel 1 as conveyed to Lucy B. Dabney and recorded in Deed Book 206 at Page 205 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi and being more
particularly described as follows: Commence at the intersection of the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street as recorded in Deed Book 282 at Page 55 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi, with the East right of way line of Mississippi
Highway 61 and U.S. Highway 80, which point is 150.00 feet, as measured along the East right of way line of said Highways 61 and 80, from the South Boundary of Mississippi Power and Light Company s 80 foot wide right of way as recorded in Deed
Book 158 at Page 511 of the Chancery Records of Warren County, Mississippi; run thence South 67 degrees 30 minutes East and along the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street, 150.00 feet to the point of beginning for the property herein described;
continue thence South 67 described 30 minutes East and along the South Boundary of Lucy Bryson Street, 50.09 feet to an iron pipe; run thence South 21 degrees 10 seconds West, 194.15 feet to an iron bar; run thence North 69 degrees 11 minutes West,
51.25 feet; run thence North 21 degrees 30 minutes East, 195.60 feet to the point of beginning.    Being the same land described in that certain Substituted
Trustee s Deed dated February 19, 1985, in favor of David McDonald d/b/a McDonald Land Developers and Evelyn McDonald, recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 740 at Page 112, the undivided
  1   2  interest of the said Evelyn McDonald having thereafter been conveyed to Evelyn McDonald, Trustee of the Evelyn McDonald Revocable Trust u/t/d March 15,
2000, as Parcel 3 within deed dated April 4, 2000, recorded in Deed Book 1200 at Page 783 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-74  

Parcel Three:   
 Part of Section 32, Township 16 North, Range 3 East, Warren County, Mississippi, described as follows:  
 Beginning at a point in the East line of Warrenton Road as marked by a steel rod that lies South 87 degrees 03 minutes East a distance of 115.3 feet from a
Vicksburg National Military Park boundary marked #389-B, said boundary marker being shown on the maps of the Vicksburg National Military Park recorded in the office of: the Chancery Clerk, Warren County, Mississippi, said point of beginning also
lies a distance of 198 feet, more or less, as measured in a Southerly direction from the South line of Bryson Street at the East line of Warrenton Road, thence from said point of beginning run East at right angles with Warrenton Road a distance of
Two Hundred (200) feet to a point and run thence in a Southerly direction on a line parallel with the East line of Warrenton Road a distance of 75 feet to a point, run thence in a Westerly direction on a line parallel with the North line of the
tract or parcel herein described a distance of 200 feet to the East line of Warren ton Road, run thence in a Northerly direction along the East line of Warrenton Road a distance of 75 feet to the point of beginning.  
 Being the same land described in that certain Warranty Deed dated October 11, 1982, conveying an undivided
  3   4  interest therein in favor of David McDonald and an undivided
  1   4  interest therein in favor of Edward McDonald, recorded in Official Records of Warren County, in Deed Book 676 at Page 197, the undivided   1   4  interest of the said Edward McDonald having thereafter been conveyed to David L. McDonald (being the same individual known as David L. McDonald) within deed
dated March 28, 1985, recorded in Deed Book 742 at Page 457 of the aforesaid Land Records of Warren County, Mississippi.  
      Ex. B-75  

Ameristar Kansas City    
 GAMING PROPERTY    TRACT 1:  
 Lot 1,  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.  
 TRACT 2:    Lot 3, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land in
Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.    TRACT 3:  
 Lots 1 to 6, both inclusive, all of Lot 8, and all that part of Lots 7, 9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District
Levee, in Block 40;    Lots 1-15, both inclusive (EXCEPT the part of said Lot 14 lying Southerly from the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District
Levee), in Block 42;    Lots 2 and 4 (EXCEPT the part thereof lying Southerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee), in Block 43;
   Lots 1 - 18, both inclusive, in Block 44;    Lots 1, 2, 3,
4, 6 and 8, and all that part of Lots 5, 7 ,9, 10 and 12 lying Northerly of the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee, in Block 45;    Lots
1, 2, 3, 7, 10, 12, 14, 16,18 and 20; the West 21.38 feet of Lot 4, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 8, 9, 11, 13, 15, 17, 19 and 21, in Block 47;    Lots 1,
3, 5, 7, 9 and 11, and the West 33.28 feet of Lots 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12, in Block 48;    Together with:  
 All vacated alleys or portions thereof which lie adjacent to said lots or portions of lots.  
 Vacated Third (3rd) Street lying between the East line of Liberty Street and the extended East line of said West portion of said Lot 4, in Block 47;  
 All of vacated Cherry street, Vine Street and Hickory Street lying between the South line of Third (3rd) Street and the Northerly line of Birmingham Drainage
District Levee;  
      Ex. B-76  

All of vacated Second (2nd) Street lying between the Northerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee and
the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 2, in said Block 48;    All of vacated Main Street lying East of the Northerly line of said Birmingham
Drainage District Levee and West of the extended East line of the West 33.28 feet of Lot 12, in said Block 48;    All in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision
in the Village of Randolph, Clay County, Missouri; EXCEPT from the foregoing Tract 3 the following described property conveyed to Kansas City Power   Light Company by Special Warranty Deed recorded in Book 2620, Page 663 as Document No. N20860
in the Official Records of Clay County, Missouri;    All that part of Block 40 and 42, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Village of Randolph, Clay County, Missouri,
together with portions of the vacated alleys, Cherry Street and Second (2nd) Street that lies within the following property:    Beginning at the Northerly
right of way line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee as described in Book 470, Page 522 in the Clay County Recorder of Deeds Office and the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence North 0 degrees 45 minutes 58 seconds East along
said Westerly line of Block 40, 248.69 feet; thence North 82 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds East, 71.54 feet; thence South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East parallel to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet; thence South 16 degrees
00 minutes 20 seconds West, 269.00 feet to the said Northerly Levee Right of Way; thence North 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds West along said Northerly Levee Right of Way, 395.00 feet to the point of beginning.  
 TRACT 4:    Lot 2, of  KANSAS CITY STATION,  a
subdivision of land in the City of Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri, according to the recorded plat thereof.    TRACT 5:  
 A tract of land being part of Blocks 47 - 50 of  THE PLAN OF RANDOLPH , a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri, and a part of the South One
Half of the Southwest Quarter of Section 10, Township 50, Range 32 and a part of the North One Half of the Northwest Quarter of Section 15, Township 50, Range 32, all being located in said Clay County, and more particularly described as follows:
Commencing at the Southwest corner of the Southeast Quarter of the Southwest Quarter of said Section 10, Township 50, Rage 32 said point also being the Southeast corner of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  thence South 89 degrees 29 minutes 02
seconds East (South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds Deed) a distance of 202.28  
      Ex. B-77  

feet to the True Point of Beginning of the tract of land to be herein conveyed; thence North 0 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds East (North 00 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds Deed) parallel with the
West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1082.25 feet (1082.72 Deed) to a point on the centerline of Birmingham Road; thence South 80 degrees 42 minute 36 seconds West (80 degrees 42 minutes 29 seconds West Deed) a distance
of 205.16 feet (205.15 Deed) to a point on said West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land; thence South 81 degrees 42 minutes 58 seconds West (South 81 degrees 35 minutes 00 seconds West Deed) and continuing along said center line of said
Birmingham Road a distance of 301.11 feet (301.20 Deed); thence South 00 degrees 19 minutes 54 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes 59 seconds West Deed) parallel with the West line of said Quarter, Quarter Section of land a distance of 1001.24
feet (1001.56 Deed) to a point on the South line of said  PLAN OF RANDOLPH  said point also being on the North line of said Northwest Quarter of said Section 15; thence South 0 degrees 29 minutes 26 seconds West (South 0 degrees 17 minutes
59 seconds West Deed) a distance of 94.08 feet (93.90 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right of way line of New Levee as described in Document No. A-302951 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County, Missouri; thence South 62 degrees 47
minutes 24 seconds East (South 62 degrees 50 minutes 31 seconds Deed) along said Northerly right of way a distance of 560.49 feet (560.46 Deed); thence North 00 degrees 23 minutes 23 seconds East (North 0 degree 17 minutes 59 seconds East Deed)
parallel with the West line of the Northeast Quarter of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 15 a distance of 345.87 feet (345.78 Deed) to the Point of beginning.  
 EXCEPT: All that part of the above described property being platted as Lot 2, KANSAS CITY STATION, a subdivision of land Kansas City, Clay County, Missouri.
   TRACT 6:    Leasehold Estate as created by Lease Agreement
notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995 as Document No. M-62089 in Book 2462 at Page
724.    Lessee s Interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification, Confirmation, Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March 26,
1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at page 788.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to
Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in
Lease executed by Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016,  
      Ex. B-78  

filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.    Gold
Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;    As to the following tract:
   A tract of land in the South 1/2 of Section 10, T50N, R32W and part of fractional Section 15, T50N, R32W and part of the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, Clay County,
Missouri more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a point on the South line of said Section 10, which is 441.63 feet (442.1 Deed) West of the Southeast Corner of said Section 10; Thence South 89 degrees 09 minutes 01 seconds East
(South 89 degrees 32 minutes 51 seconds East Deed) a distance of 50.88 feet to a point on the Westerly right-of-way line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St Paul; and Pacific Railroad, and the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroads; thence South 45
degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West (South 45 degrees 35 minutes 24 seconds West Deed) along the said right-of-way, 2336.75 feet (2336.29 Deed) to a point on the Northerly right-of-way line of the new levee WHICH IS THE TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING;
thence North 45 degrees 02 minutes 28 seconds West (North 45 degrees 22 minutes 17 seconds West Deed) along Northeasterly right-of-way line of the new levee, as described in Document No. A-032951 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, Clay County,
Missouri, 895.03 feet (886.59 Deed) to a point of curve; thence along a curve to the left having a radius of 3354.35 feet and a central angle of 17 degrees 24 minutes 55 seconds a distance of 1019.57 feet; thence North 62 degrees 27 minutes 23
seconds West (North 62 degrees 47 minutes 12 seconds West on Deed) along said levee right-of-way, 763.50 feet; thence south 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri River; thence downstream in a Southeasterly
direction along said low water mark to a point South 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds West of the True Point of Beginning; thence North 45 degrees 59 minutes 10 seconds East to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
 TRACT 7:    Leasehold Estate as created by the Lease Agreement
notice of which is given by Memorandum of Lease Agreement by and between Birmingham Drainage District, as Lessor, and Station/First Joint Venture, as Lessee, dated February 17, 1995 and filed July 7, 1995, as Document No. M-62089 in Book .2462 at
Page 724.    Lessee s interest assigned to Kansas City Station Corporation by Ratification, Confirmation, Assignment and Amendment of Lease filed March
26, 1996 as Document No. M-91367 in Book 2539 at Page 788.  
      Ex. B-79  

Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by Kansas City Station Corporation to Ameristar Casino
Kansas City, Inc., dated December 20, 2000, filed December 20, 2000, as Document No. Q-27087.    Assignment of Lessee s interest in Lease executed by
Ameristar Casino Kansas City, LLC fka Ameristar Casino Kansas City, Inc. to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. dated as of April 28, 2016, filed May 4, 2016 as Document No. 2016014085 in Book 7707 at page 81 in Clay County, Missouri.  
 Gold Merger Sub, LLC successor by merger to Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc filed in Book 7707 at Page 135 in Clay County, Missouri;  
 As to the following tract:    Commencing at a point where the
Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH, intersects with the Northerly right of way line of Birmingham Drainage District Levee; thence South 73 degrees 59 minutes 40 seconds East along said right-of -way 659.49 feet; thence South 56 degrees 59
minutes 49 seconds East along said right-of-way 220.52 feet; thence South 62 degrees 43 minutes 15 seconds East along said right-of-way 607.23 feet; thence South 00 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West to the low water mark of the Missouri River,
thence upstream in a Northwesterly direction along the low water mark of the Missouri River to a point where said low water mark intersects with the Westerly line of Block 40, PLAN OF RANDOLPH; thence Northerly along the Westerly line of Block 40,
PLAN OF RANDOLPH, to the Point of Beginning.    WETLANDS PROPERTY (Tracts 8   9):  
 TRACT 8:    The South 30 acres of the Southeast Quarter of the
Northeast Quarter of Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, in Jackson County, Missouri, EXCEPT that part taken by Corp of Engineers, U.S. Army In Civil Action No. 11247.  
 TRACT 9:    The Northeast Quarter of the Southeast Quarter of
Section 27, Township 51, Range 30, Jackson County, Missouri; EXCEPT that part lying South of the Missouri River, all of said Quarter Quarter Section being subject to a perpetual easement granted to the United States of America over and across said
land, as created under instrument designated  Easement  filed under Document No. 685882 in Book 1316 at Page 492.    TRACT 10:  
      Ex. B-80  

Parcel 1:   AN
UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:    All of Block 41, lying South of the Southerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District
Levee, in the PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 2: 
 AN UNDIVIDED 2/3 INTEREST IN AND TO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED LAND:  
 All of Blocks 38, 39, 43 and 45, EXCEPT Lots 18 and 20, of Block 39, lying South of the Southerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee, all in the
PLAN OF RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.    Parcel 3:  
 Also; All of Block 94, lying South and West of the Southerly and Westerly line of the Birmingham Drainage District Levee in NORTH KANSAS CITY IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY S FIRST ADDITION TO RANDOLPH, a subdivision of land in Clay County, Missouri.  
      Ex. B-81  

Ameristar St. Charles    
  PARCEL NO. 1-TRACT 1:     PART OF (DUE TO LOCATION OF
MISSOURI RIVER AS SURVEYED DURING AUGUST, 2000)  LOT 1 OF ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 33 PAGES 40-41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, BEING ALSO PART OF LOTS 2, 3 AND
4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING PART DESCRIBED AS A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOTS 2, 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS
SURVEY OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 BEGINNING AT THE INTERSECTION OF THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70 WITH THE EAST LINE OF THE OLD M.K.T. RAILROAD RIGHT-OF-WAY (60
FEET WIDE), SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY NOW BELONGING TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES AS DESCRIBED IN DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ALSO 150.00 FEET PERPENDICULARLY DISTANT NORTH OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE 70 CENTERLINE STATION 10 + 31.65; THENCE NORTHWARDLY ALONG SAID EAST LINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY, THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 27  24  14  EAST 1115.89 FEET; NORTH 27  05 
36  EAST 94.35 FEET; NORTH 27  42  46  EAST 99.62 FEET; NORTH 28  32  22  EAST 99.78 FEET; AND NORTH 29  48  14  EAST 63.63 FEET TO A POINT IN THE SOUTH LINE OF PROPERTY CONVEY TO THE CITY OF ST.
CHARLES AS RECORDED IN ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE SOUTH 68  29  58  EAST ALONG THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID CITY OF ST. CHARLES PROPERTY 670.35 FEET TO A POINT ON THE CENTERLINE OF AN EXISTING SLOUGH AS SURVEYED DECEMBER 16, 1991;
THENCE NORTHWARDLY ALONG SAID CENTERLINE OF A SLOUGH AS SURVEYED THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 46  49  21  EAST 63.22 FEET; NORTH 43  17  48  EAST 103.70 FEET; NORTH 52  01  54  EAST 47.41 FEET;
NORTH 46  15  21  EAST 179.08 FEET; NORTH 22  59  38  EAST 58.10 FEET; NORTH 32  24  24  EAST 81.38 FEET; THENCE NORTH 41  45  28  EAST 146.54 FEET; NORTH 54  10  18  EAST 73.53
FEET; NORTH 84  20  08  EAST 54.02 FEET; AND SOUTH 64  31  27  EAST 43.98 FEET TO A POINT AT THE EXISTING WATERS EDGE OF THE MISSOURI RIVER AS SURVEYED ON AUGUST 15, 2000; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY ALONG SAID WATERS EDGE OF THE
MISSOURI RIVER THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, SOUTH 04  40  56  WEST 58.96 FEET; SOUTH 20  37  10  WEST 144.59 FEET; SOUTH 15  36  33  WEST 170.49 FEET; SOUTH 11  22  46  WEST 266.35
FEET; SOUTH 62  45  45  WEST 103.99 FEET; SOUTH 53  40  19  WEST 42.35 FEET; SOUTH 64  20  18  WEST 57.89 FEET; SOUTH 10  12  11  WEST 54.10 FEET; SOUTH 04  28  33  WEST 51.91
FEET; SOUTH 08  54  23  WEST 50.66 FEET; SOUTH 09  59  43  WEST 52.63 FEET; SOUTH 05  46  36  WEST 60.43 FEET; SOUTH 82  02  04  EAST 8.33 FEET; SOUTH 07  36  46  WEST 23.81 FEET;
SOUTH 33  58  10  WEST 41.58 FEET; SOUTH 49  07  58  WEST 10.25 FEET; SOUTH 07  26  05  WEST 33.98 FEET; SOUTH 50  52  14  EAST 16.93 FEET, SOUTH 00  56  40  EAST 70.98 FEET;
SOUTH 11  01  30  WEST 68.44 FEET; SOUTH 52  33  05   
      Ex. B-82  

WEST 30.14 FEET; SOUTH 07  11  22  WEST 33.78 FEET; SOUTH 02  08  10  EAST 5.59 FEET; SOUTH 46  59  08  EAST 27.82 FEET; SOUTH 11  09  56 
WEST 66.05 FEET; SOUTH 18  15  25  WEST 19.33 FEET; SOUTH 75  51  25  EAST 118.39 FEET; SOUTH 14  08  35  WEST 396.00 FEET; NORTH 75  51  25  WEST 3.83 FEET; AND SOUTH 14  08  35 
WEST 424.61 FEET TO A POINT IN THE AFORESAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE NORTH 65  53  14  WEST ALONG SAID NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, 1525.41 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 1-TRACT 2:     LOT 2 OF  ST CHARLES
RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 33 PAGES 40-41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, BEING ALSO PART OF LOTS 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH,
RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI.     PARCEL NO. 1A:   
 RIGHTS OF ACCESS UNDER ROAD CROSSING LICENSE NO. STC 9401, NOTICE OF WHICH IS SET FORTH IN MEMORANDUM RECORDED IN BOOK 1735 PAGE 152, OVER THE FOLLOWING
DESCRIBED PROPERTY:     PARCEL NO. A:     A TEMPORARY ROAD
CROSSING OVER: A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED
AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38
OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT, NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 149.04 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO
ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST 60.00 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46
SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE AFORESAID EASTERN LINE OF  
      Ex. B-83  

THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING
CO., INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.     PARCEL NO. B:   
 A TEMPORARY ENTRANCE ROAD CROSSING OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING
PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE
SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL
RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN
LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT, NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST 287.94 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET
TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE
LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 245.95 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO THE AFORESAID EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE
SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 245.95 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.  
  PARCEL NO. C:     A PERMANENT ENTRANCE ROAD CROSSING OVER:
   A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL
MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE
HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT  
      Ex. B-84  

BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 287.94 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE
LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED
RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 245.96 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO THE AFORESAID
EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 245.95 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.
    PARCEL NO. D:     A TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION LICENSE A
OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL
MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE
ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI
INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 209.04 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES
RIVERFRONT STATION, INC., BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1623 PAGE 124 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 78.90 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST,
60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE AFORESAID EAST LINE OF DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 78.90 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO.,
INC. DURING THE MONTH OF MAY 1994.     PARCEL NO. E:     A
TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION LICENSE B OVER:    A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOTS 3 AND 4 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46
NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL  
      Ex. B-85  

MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION,
INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, AND
THE NORTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT BEING THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION TRACT NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS
EAST, 533.89 FEET TO THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS WEST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT, BEING THE
EASTERN LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO WALTER C. F. AND MARLENE A. HISCHKE, JR. BY DEEDS RECORDED IN BOOK 1390 PAGE 1651 AND 1655 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE NORTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS EAST, 116.06
FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE SOUTH 62 DEGREES 35 MINUTES 46 SECONDS EAST, 60.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES TRACT; THENCE ALONG SAID LINE SOUTH 27 DEGREES 24 MINUTES 14 SECONDS WEST, 116.06 FEET TO
THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING, AS PER CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING CO., INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1994.     PARCEL NO. 2:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 165, AND PART OF BLOCK 11 OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 4 AND 5 EAST, ST. CHARLES
COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT AN OLD STONE AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF LOT 7 OF BLOCK 11, OF THE
COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES; THENCE NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 37.20 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF RODNEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 1019 PAGE 1401 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE
CONTINUING NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 50.96 FEET ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RODNEY TRACT TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SOUTH RIVER ROAD AS TRAVELED, THENCE ALONG SAID EASTERN LINE AS TRAVELED, THE FOLLOWING
COURSES: NORTH 47  59  46  EAST, 32.96 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1415.00, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 178.34 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 45  49  06  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF
178.22 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 42  12  28  EAST 206.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 45  41  04  EAST, 44.61 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, HAVING A RADIUS OF 164.79 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF
201.88 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 80  46  49  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 189.49 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 85.00 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 101.30 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH
81  44  03  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 95.41 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 47  35  32  EAST, 45.99 FEET TO A  
      Ex. B-86  

POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  38  02  EAST, 614.65 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  45  47  EAST, 186.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID EASTERN LINE, SOUTH 44 
20  20  EAST, 329.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 81  31  34  EAST, 85.21 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 60  25  38  EAST, 490.93 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 07  19  18  EAST, 75.77 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE NORTH 51  58  30  EAST, 87.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 85  31  25  EAST, 134.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 85  39  39  EAST, 152.25 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 03  47 
57  EAST, 142.02 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 69  04  20  EAST, 62.03 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 30  09  16  EAST, 895.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST, 118.00 FEET TO THE POINT OF
BEGINNING OF THE HEREIN DESCRIBED TRACT OF LAND; THENCE CONTINUING SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST 264.62 FEET TO A POINT ON THE MEAN LOW WATER LEVEL OF THE MISSOURI RIVER; THENCE SOUTHWESTWARDLY ALONG SAID MEAN LOW. OF SAID MEAN LOW WATER
LEVEL WITH THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF LOVELACE AS RECORDED IN BOOK 831, PAGE 1752 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE LEAVING SAID WATER LEVEL ALONG SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 34  41  05  WEST, 44.05 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 55  05  32  EAST, 1454.20 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 61  12  33  EAST, 1497.67 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 74  20  47  EAST, 1028.09 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 48  31  11  EAST, 55.90 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING PER CALCULATIONS BY PICKETT, RAY   SILVER, INC., DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1993.  
  PARCEL NO. 2A:     EASEMENTS AS RESERVED IN DEED RECORDED
IN BOOK 2052 PAGE 936.     PARCEL NO. 3:     A TRACT OF
LAND BEING PART OF U. S. SURVEY 165, AND PART OF BLOCK 11 OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 4 AND 5 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT AN OLD STONE AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF LOT 7 OF BLOCK 11, OF THE COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES; THENCE NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 37.20
FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED, SAID POINT BEING ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF RODNEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 1019 PAGE 1401 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE CONTINUING
NORTH 42  12  01  WEST, 50.96 FEET ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RODNEY TRACT TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EASTERN LINE OF SOUTH RIVER ROAD AS TRAVELED; THENCE ALONG SAID EASTERN LINE AS TRAVELED, THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH
47  59  46  EAST, 32.96 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 1415.00, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 178.34 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 45  49  06  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 178.22 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE NORTH 42  12  28  EAST, 206.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 45  41  04  EAST, 44.61 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING A RADIUS OF 164.79 FEET, AND AN ARC LENGTH OF 201.88 FEET, A
CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 80  46  49  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 189.49 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 85.00 FEET, AND AN ARC  
      Ex. B-87  

LENGTH OF 101.30 FEET, A CHORD OF WHICH BEARS NORTH 81  44  03  EAST, A CHORD DISTANCE OF 95.41 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 47  35  32  EAST, 45.99 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 41  38  02  WEST, 614.65 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 41  45  47  EAST, 186.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID EASTERN LINE, SOUTH 44  20  20  EAST, 329.81 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH
81  31  34  EAST, 85.21 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 60  25  38  EAST 490.93 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 07  19  18  EAST, 75.77 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 51  58  30  EAST, 87.81 FEET TO
A POINT; THENCE NORTH 85  31  25  EAST, 134.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 85  39  39  EAST, 152.25 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 03  47  57  EAST, 142.02 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 69  04 
20  EAST, 62.03 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 30  09  16  EAST, 895.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 44  40  57  EAST, 118.00 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 48  31  11  WEST, 55.90 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE SOUTH 74  20  47  WEST, 1028.09 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 61  12  33  WEST, 1497.67 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 55  05  32  WEST, 1454.20 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR
FORMERLY OF LOVELACE AS RECORDED IN BOOK 831 PAGE 1752 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 34  41  05  WEST, 491.66 FEET TO A POINT, SAID POINT BEING ON THE CENTERLINE OF THE KATY TRAIL, AS ROCKED;
THENCE ALONG SAID CENTERLINE THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH 51  14  48  EAST, 370.95 FEET; THENCE NORTH 46  37  47  EAST, 519.40 FEET; THENCE NORTH 44  26  42  EAST, 511.27 FEET; THENCE NORTH 42  32 
50  EAST, 65.09 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID CENTERLINE AND ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED RODNEY TRACT, NORTH 68  56  09  WEST, 102.28 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING PER CALCULATIONS BY PICKET RAY   SILVER, INC.,
DURING THE MONTH OF MAY, 1993.    EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT PART THEREOF CONVEYED TO THE COUNTY OF ST. CHARLES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 2052 PAGE 936 AND
BOOK 2267 PAGE 1892.     PARCEL NO. 4:     A TRACT OF LAND
BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING THE SAME PROPERTY CONVEYED TO MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763 PAGE 1620 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS, SAID TRACT BEING MORE
PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:    COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERNLINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY
SURVEYOR L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 5058A/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST 4765.85 FEET FROM
THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9, BOOK 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE
1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE COMMON LINE BETWEEN SAID RUFF SURVEY AND SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, NORTH 00  00  34  EAST, 1770.38 FEET  
      Ex. B-88  

TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE ALONG THE SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES:  
 SOUTH 56  09  42  WEST, 163.04 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 68  13  42  WEST, 682.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 78 
54  42  WEST, 1013.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 80  56  18  WEST 968.88 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE AND ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF LACLEDE GAS COMPANY RECORDED IN BOOK
557, PAGE 828 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE, NORTH 16  36  42  EAST, 1307.46 FEET TO A POINT ON THE NORTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, ALSO BEING ON THE SOUTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF WITTE AS
RECORDED IN BOOK 567 PAGE 272 OF SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, SOUTH 73  23  18  EAST, 2448.60 FEET TO THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE LEAVING SAID
NORTHERN LINE AND ALONG THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 166.72 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.     PARCEL
NO. 5:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE
PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY SURVEYOR, LS. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND
SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK
9 PAGE 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE COMMON LINE BETWEEN SAID RUFF SURVEY AND
SAID FARLEY PROPERTY, NORTH 00  00  34  EAST, 965.87 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE LEAVING SAID COMMON LINE ALONG THE NORTHERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY THE FOLLOWING COURSES: SOUTH 87 
11  00  WEST, 613.33 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 88  49  00  WEST, 383.18 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 61  11  00  WEST, 136.29 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 28  11  00  WEST, 322.10 FEET TO A
POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID NORTHERN LINE, NORTH 37  52  30  WEST, 807.74 FEET TO A POINT ON THE SOUTHERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763 PAGE 1620 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE
SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES: NORTH 78  54  42  EAST, 1013.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 68  13  42  EAST, 682.44 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 56  09  42  EAST, 163.04 FEET
TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE ALONG SAID WESTERN LINE, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 804.51 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
 File No.: L20154061  
      Ex. B-89  

PARCEL NO. 6:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY 1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS
FOLLOWS: BEGINNING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY SURVEYOR, L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966 AND FILED IN SERIES 650 FICHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY REPOSITORY OF THE
DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9, PAGE 105 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893 PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, SOUTH 31  46 
30  EAST, 921.50 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 75  13  19  WEST, 242.64 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 72  52  43  WEST, 178.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 40  35  00  WEST, 288.45 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE NORTH 39  35  00  WEST, 867.85 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 27  32  00  WEST, 448.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 32  06  00  WEST, 205.12 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 56  38  00 
WEST, 235.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 28  11  00  EAST, 322.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 61  11  00  EAST, 136.29 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 88  49  00  EAST, 383.18 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH
87  11  00  EAST, 613.33 FEET TO A POINT ON THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FARLEY PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID WESTERN LINE, SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 965.87 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 7:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF U.S. SURVEY
1765, TOWNSHIP 47 NORTH, RANGE 7 EAST, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, SAID TRACT BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: COMMENCING AT A CONCRETE MONUMENT FOUND AT THE ANGLE POINT ON THE EASTERN LINE OF A SURVEY BY CHARLES W. RUFF, COUNTY
SURVEYOR, L.S. NO. 241, DATED APRIL 2, 1966, AND FILED IN SERIES 660, FISCHE NO. 505BA/3 AT THE LAND SURVEY RESPOSITORY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES, ROLLA, MISSOURI, SAID POINT ALSO BEING SOUTH 00  00  34  WEST, 4765.86 FEET
FROM THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE SUBDIVISION FOR  BAILEY  AS RECORDED IN SURVEY RECORD BOOK 9 PAGE 105 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDS, AND BEING ON THE WESTERN LINE OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF FARLEY AS RECORDED IN BOOK 893
PAGE 1876 OF THE SAID RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE ALONG THE EASTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, SOUTH 31  46  30  EAST, 921.50 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT OF LAND HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE SOUTH 32  46 
18  WEST, 243.34 FEET TO THE MEAN LOW WATER MARK AS DIGITIZED FROM THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS MAP; THENCE ALONG THE MEANDERS OF THE MISSOURI RIVER IN A NORTHWESTWARDLY DIRECTION, 4497 FEET MORE OR LESS TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE, NORTH
35  46  03  EAST, 230.11 FEET TO THE SOUTHWESTERN CORNER OF PROPERTY NOW OR FORMERLY OF MEYERS AS RECORDED IN BOOK 763, PAGE 1620 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI RECORDER S OFFICE; THENCE
 
      Ex. B-90  

ALONG THE SOUTHERN LINE OF SAID MEYERS PROPERTY, SOUTH 80  56  18  EAST, 968.88 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID SOUTHERN LINE, SOUTH 37  52  30  EAST, 807.74 FEET
TO THE WESTERN LINE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED RUFF SURVEY; THENCE ALONG THE WESTERN LINE OF SAID RUFF SURVEY, THE FOLLOWING COURSES:    SOUTH 56  38 
00  EAST, 235.10 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 82  06  00  EAST, 205.12 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 27  32  00  EAST, 448.66 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 39  35  00  EAST, 867.85 FEET TO A POINT;
THENCE SOUTH 40  35  00  EAST, 288.45 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE SOUTH 72  52  43  EAST, 178.13 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 75  13  19  EAST, 242.64 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.  
  PARCEL NO. 8:     AN EASEMENT FOR INGRESS AND EGRESS AS SET
FORTH IN EASEMENT DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 820 PAGE 1454.     PARCEL NO. 9-TRACT 1:   
 A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF LOT 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY, COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, AND PART OF LOT 8 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION WITHIN LOT 56 OF BLOCK 9
OF STEEN   CUNNINGHAM S SURVEY, COMMONS OF ST. CHARLES, ALL WITHIN TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST, IN THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT AN OLD IRON PIPE MARKING THE MOST WESTERN CORNER OF LOT 7 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION; THENCE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST, 155.72
FEET TO A POINT THENCE SOUTH 25 DEGREES 21 MINUTES 40 SECONDS WEST 50.23 FEET TO AN IRON PIPE MARKING THE BEGINNING OF THE TRACT HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE SOUTH 25 DEGREES 21 MINUTES 40 SECONDS WEST 150.02 FEET TO AN IRON PIPE; THENCE NORTH 70
DEGREES 10 MINUTES 10 SECONDS WEST 164.02 FEET TO A POINT ON A CURVE; THENCE ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT AN ARC DISTANCE OF 150.00 FEET TO A POINT; SAID CURVE HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,349.2 FEET AND AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 0 DEGREES 45 MINUTES 26 SECONDS;
THENCE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST 165.11 FEET TO THE PLACE OF BEGINNING, AS PER SURVEY AND PLAT MADE BY ST. CHARLES COUNTY ENGINEERING AND SURVEYING, INC. DATED IN DECEMBER 1969.  
 ALSO, A NON- EXCLUSIVE EASEMENT OVER AND ACROSS ADJOINING LAND BELOW DESCRIBED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INGRESS AND EGRESS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 AN EASEMENT 30 FEET WIDE BEING PART OF LOT 8 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION WITHIN LOT 56 BLOCK 9 OF STEEN   CUNNINGHAM S SUBDIVISION, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH,
RANGE 5 EAST, WITHIN THE CITY OF ST. CHARLES, MISSOURI, BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
      Ex. B-91  

COMMENCING AT AN OLD IRON PIPE MARKING THE MOST WESTERN CORNER OF SAID LOT 7 OF HALL S SUBDIVISION; THENCE
NORTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS WEST 40.10 FEET TO THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF FIFTH STREET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY ALONG SAID EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,379.2 FEET AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 0
DEGREES 15 MINUTES 11 SECONDS AN ARC DISTANCE OF 50.24 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE TRACT HEREIN DESCRIBED; THENCE LEAVING SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE SOUTH 70 DEGREES 08 MINUTES 38 SECONDS EAST 30.14 FEET TO THE NORTHERNMOST CORNER OF A .565
ACRE TRACT; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARDLY ALONG A CURVE TO THE LEFT 30 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL TO THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF FIFTH STREET, SAID CURVE HAVING A RADIUS OF 11,349.2 FEET AN INCLUDED ANGLE OF 1 DEGREE 13 MINUTES 22 SECONDS AN ARC
DISTANCE OF 242.24 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE NORTH 65 DEGREES 54 MINUTES 01 SECONDS WEST 30.00 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF 5TH STREET; THENCE NORTHEASTWARDLY ALONG SAID RIGHT-OF-WAY ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING AN INCLUDED
ANGLE OF 1 DEGREE 12 MINUTES 30 SECONDS A RADIUS OF 11,379.2 FEET AN ARC DISTANCE OF 240.1 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING.    ALSO EXCEPTING THEREFROM THAT
PART CONVEYED TO THREE FLAGS CENTER PARTNERSHIP, L.P. RECORDED IN BOOK 4794 PAGE 2263 AND THAT PART CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT TRANSPORTATION DEVELOPMENT DISTRICT, RECORDED IN BOOK 4800 PAGE 246.  
  PARCEL NO. 9-TRACT 2:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF
U.S. SURVEY 3280, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, CITY OF ST. CHARLES, ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MISSOURI, AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF PROPERTY CONVEYED TO AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 2478 PAGE 1826 OF THE ST. CHARLES
COUNTY RECORDS, SAID CORNER ALSO BEING IN THE SOUTHERN RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF RIVER BLUFF DRIVE, 50 FEET WIDE; THENCE ALONG EAST LINE OF SAID AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. PROPERTY, SOUTH 25 DEGREES 37 MINUTES 57 SECONDS WEST 44.27 FEET TO THE
POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE LEAVING SAID EAST LINE OF AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES INC. PROPERTY THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES: ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT WHOSE CHORD BEARS SOUTH 45 DEGREES 28 MINUTES 13 SECONDS EAST
22.44 FEET AND WHOSE RADIUS POINT BEARS SOUTH 41 DEGREES 25 MINUTES 49 SECONDS WEST 207.50 FEET FROM THE LAST MENTIONED POINT, AN ARC DISTANCE OF 22.45 FEET; SOUTH 42 DEGREES 22 MINUTES 16 SECONDS EAST 31.38 FEET; ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT WHOSE
CHORD BEARS SOUTH 64 DEGREES 57 MINUTES 52 SECONDS WEST 53.60 FEET AND WHOSE RADIUS POINT BEARS NORTH 86 DEGREES 30 MINUTES 49 SECONDS WEST 30.50 FEET FROM THE LAST MENTINOED POINT, AN ARC DISTANCE OF 65.45 FEET AND NORTH 53 DEGREES 33 MINUTES 26
SECONDS WEST 16.65 FEET TO THE EAST LINE OF SAID AMERISTAR CASINO ST. CHARLES, INC. PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID EAST  
      Ex. B-92  

LINE, NORTH 25 DEGREES 37 MINUTES 57 SECONDS EAST 57.35 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING AND CONTAINING 2,466 SQUARE FEET ACCORDING TO CALCULATIONS BY BAX ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC. DURING FEBRUARY,
2007.     PARCEL NO. 10:     A TRACT OF LAND BEING PART OF
LOTS 2 AND 3 IN BLOCK 1 OF EVANS SURVEY OF THE ST. CHARLES COMMONS, TOWNSHIP 46 NORTH, RANGE 5 EAST OF THE FIFTH PRINCIPAL MERIDIAN, ST. CHARLES COUNTY MISSOURI, MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:  
 COMMENCING AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION, INC. BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1523 PAGE 38 OF THE ST.
CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ON THE EAST LINE OF A TRACT OF LAND CONVEYED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1222 PAGE 2 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING ALSO ON THE NORTH RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE
OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 70, AND BEING 150.00 FEET PERPENDICULARLY DISTANT NORTH OF MISSOURI INTERSTATE CENTERLINE STATION 10 + 31.65; THENCE ALONG THE EAST LINE OF SAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY, NORTH 27  24  14 
EAST 432.08 FEET TO A POINT; THENCE LEAVING SAID LINE NORTH 62  35  46  WEST 60.00 FEET TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF LOT 2 OF  ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION , A SUBDIVISION ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK
33 PAGES 40 AND 41 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS, SAID POINT BEING THE ACTUAL POINT OF BEGINNING OF THE DESCRIPTION HEREIN; THENCE WESTWARDLY ALONG THE NORTH LINE OF LOT 2 OF SAID  ST. CHARLES STATION , NORTH 57  59  46 
WEST 136.19 FEET TO A POINT IN THE EAST LINE OF SOUTH MAIN STREET; THENCE ALONG THE SAID EAST LINE OF SOUTH MAIN STREET; THE FOLLOWING COURSES AND DISTANCES, NORTH 27  28  57  EAST 320.73 FEET TO A POINT; AND NORTH 28  41 
27  EAST 358.46 FEET TO THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF PROPERTY CONVEYED TO ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION BY DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 1796 PAGE 239 OF THE ST. CHARLES COUNTY RECORDS; THENCE ALONG THE NORTH LINE OF SAID ST. CHARLES RIVERFRONT STATION,
SOUTH 60  18  24  EAST 127.37 FEET TO A POINT IN THE WEST LINE OF AFORESAID DEPARTMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES PROPERTY; THENCE ALONG SAID WEST LINE, SOUTH 27  24  14  WEST 684.93 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING, ACCORDING TO
SURVEY BY BAX ENGINEERING IN NOVEMBER 2000.    NOTE: THE LEGAL DESCRIPTION IS SHOWN FOR CONVENIENCE ONLY, SUBJECT TO UNDERWRITING APPROVAL.  
      Ex. B-93  

River City    
 Leasehold estate as created by that certain lease dated August 12, 2004, executed by St. Louis County Post Authority, as lessor, and Pinnacle Entertainment
Inc., as lessee, together with a grant of exclusivity and the right of first refusal, notice of which is given in the Memorandum of Lease recorded February 10, 2006 in Book 17061 page 4701, and Correction to Memorandum of Lease recorded August 20,
2010 in book 19071 page 3997, as to the following:    Lots One (1) of RIVER CITY CASINO SUBDIVISION, A subdivision in St. Louis County, Missouri, according
to the plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 357 pages 445, 446 and 447 of the St. Louis County Records.  
      Ex. B-94  

East Chicago    
 Part of Fractional Section 22 and Fractional Section 15, Township 37 North, Range 9 West of the Second Principal Meridian, in Lake County, Indiana, more
particularly described as follows:    Commencing at point  G  on the Southeasterly bulkhead line (established by U.S. Government permits of March
27, 1908, October 15, 1929 and July 5, 1932), and the Southwesterly right of way line of Aldis Avenue extended; thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East (assumed Record Bearing) along the Southwesterly line of Aldis Avenue, 1376.00
feet to the centerline of vacated Lake Place and the Point of Beginning; thence North 43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East, along the centerline of vacated Lake Place, 66.30 feet to the Northeasterly right of way line of Aldis Avenue; thence North
34 degrees 53 minutes 04 seconds East, 134.78 feet; thence North 87 degrees 48 minutes 17 seconds East, 79.47 feet; thence North 45 degrees 33 minutes 40 seconds East 100.50 feet; thence North 27 degrees 26 minutes 34 seconds East, 102.39 feet;
thence North 35 degrees 50 minutes 46 seconds East, 100.24 feet; thence North 43 degrees 17 minutes 00 seconds East, 100.18 feet; thence North 73 degrees 22 minutes 05 seconds East, 92.36 feet; thence South 88 degrees 52 minutes 08 seconds East,
85.40 feet; thence South 45 degrees 50 minutes 45 seconds East, 106.63 feet; thence South 28 degrees 53 minutes 00 seconds East, 115.60 feet; thence South 29 degrees 55 minutes 11 seconds East, 43.65 feet; thence North 72 degrees 41 minutes 04
seconds East, 63.28 feet; thence North 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West, 68.50 feet; thence North 73 degrees 08 minutes 53 seconds East, 13.57 feet; thence South 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds East, 576.84 feet; thence South 72 degrees 59
minutes 54 seconds West, 13.46 feet; thence North 17 degrees 40 minutes 39 seconds West, 47.95 feet; thence South 74 degrees 17 minutes 22 seconds West, 61.64 feet; thence South 09 degrees 56 minutes 52 seconds East, 57.80 feet; thence South 04
degrees 06 minutes 11 seconds East, 100.97 feet; thence South 13 degrees 30 minutes 52 seconds West, 101.43 feet; thence South 12 degrees 57 minutes 25 seconds West, 6.12 feet; thence South 42 degrees 52 minutes 06 seconds West, 259.47 feet; thence
South 46 degrees 56 minutes 40 seconds East, 170.00 feet; thence South 43 degrees 03 minutes 20 seconds West, 7.00 feet; thence South 46 degrees 56 minutes 40 seconds East, 168.00 feet; thence South 42 degrees 55 minutes 16 seconds West, 233.81
feet; thence South 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds East, 599.00 feet; thence South 42 degrees 55 minutes 16 seconds West, 55.00 feet to a point on the northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended, said point being 191.13 feet
northwesterly of the intersection of said northeasterly line extended with the East line of said Fractional Section 22; thence North 46 degrees 46 minutes 06 seconds West along said northeasterly line of vacated Baltimore Avenue extended, 1094.74
feet; thence South 43 degrees 13 minutes 54 seconds West, 15.90 feet; thence North 55 degrees 51 minutes 36 seconds West, 465.73 feet; thence North 43 degrees 15 minutes 00 seconds East, 319.49 feet; thence North 46 degrees 45 minutes 11 seconds
West, 329.11 feet, to the Point of Beginning.    Containing 21.570 acres, more or less  
      Ex. B-95  

</EX-2.4>

<EX-11>
 4
 exhibit11093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 11

Exhibit 

Exhibit 11  
  Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.  
  Computation of Earnings Per Share  
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

(a)  
    When the impact of share-based awards is anti-dilutive, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding is used in the determination of basic and diluted earnings per share. 

</EX-11>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Anthony M. Sanfilippo, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  Date:   November 14, 2016    
               /s/ Anthony M. Sanfilippo 
      Anthony M. Sanfilippo 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Carlos A. Ruisanchez, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  Date:   November 14, 2016    
               /s/ Carlos A. Ruisanchez 
      Carlos A. Ruisanchez 
  President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 exhibit32093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the quarterly report of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:  
           1. 
    The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     Date:   November 14, 2016    

/s/ Anthony M. Sanfilippo 
      Name: 
    Anthony M. Sanfilippo 
      Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Carlos A. Ruisanchez 
      Name: 
    Carlos A. Ruisanchez 
      Title: 
    President and Chief Financial  
  Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 pnk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pnk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pnk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pnk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pnk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pnk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

