<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1599750_0001047469-16-016644_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>236725</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116426</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>98993</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016644.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110172348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016644
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FS Energy & Power Fund II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001599750
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01066
		FILM NUMBER:		161989226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-495-1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016644.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 a2230226z10-q.htm
 10-Q

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Table of Contents    

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549     

FORM 10-Q     

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 814-01066     

FS Energy and Power Fund II      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization)  
     
    46-4783632    
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

201 Rouse Boulevard 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania    
(Address of principal executive office)  
      
    19112    
(Zip Code)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (215) 495-1150   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes        No    .   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No    .   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):   

Large accelerated filer      
     
  Accelerated filer      
     
  Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes        No    .   

          Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

The
issuer had 22,222 common shares of beneficial interest outstanding as of November 10, 2016.   

Table of Contents    

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Page    

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.   
     
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

1   

Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements   

2   

ITEM 2.   
     
       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

11   

ITEM 3.   
     
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

25   

ITEM 4.   
     
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

26   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.   
     
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

27   

ITEM 1A.   
     
       RISK FACTORS   

27   

ITEM 2.   
     
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

27   

ITEM 3.   
     
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

27   

ITEM 4.   
     
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

27   

ITEM 5.   
     
       OTHER INFORMATION   

27   

ITEM 6.   
     
       EXHIBITS   

28   

SIGNATURES   

30   

Table of Contents    

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION            

Item 1.    Financial Statements.            

FS Energy and Power Fund II     

    Balance Sheets     

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)     

(1)    See
Note 5 for a discussion of the Company's commitments and contingencies.     

See notes to unaudited financial statements.   

  1  

Table of Contents    

FS Energy and Power Fund II     

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements     

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)     

Note 1. Principal Business and Organization     

FS Energy and Power Fund II, or the Company, was formed as a Delaware statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act on February 6, 2014 and has been inactive since that
date except for matters relating to its organization. The Company expects to formally commence investment operations upon raising gross offering proceeds in excess of $1,000, or the minimum offering
requirement, all of which must be from sales of its common shares of beneficial interest, or common shares, in its continuous public offering to persons who are not affiliated with the Company or the
Company's investment adviser, FSEP II Advisor, LLC, or FSEP II Advisor. FSEP II Advisor is a private investment firm that is registered as an investment adviser under the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is an affiliate of the Company.   

          The
Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act. The Company is an externally
managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment
company, or RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code.   

          The
Company's investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in privately held U.S. companies in the energy and power
industry. The Company's investment policy is to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its total assets in securities of energy and power related, or Energy, companies. The Company
considers Energy companies to be those companies that engage in the exploration, development, production, gathering, transportation, processing, storage, refining, distribution, mining, generation or
marketing of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil, refined products, coal or power, including those companies that provide equipment or services to companies engaged in any of the foregoing.   

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

            Basis of Presentation:       The accompanying unaudited financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted
accounting principles, or GAAP, for interim financial information and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of
the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a
fair presentation have been included. For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain other information, the Company's interim unaudited financial statements should be
read in conjunction with its audited financial statements as of December 31, 2015 included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K. Operating results for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. The December 31, 2015 balance sheet is derived
from the Company's audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company is considered an investment company under GAAP and follows the accounting and
reporting guidance applicable to investment companies under Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-08,    Financial Services Investment
Companies   . The Company has evaluated the impact of subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC.   

  2  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Use of Estimates:       The preparation of the unaudited financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Many of the amounts have been rounded, and all amounts are in thousands, except share and per share amounts.   

            Cash and Cash Equivalents:       The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash
equivalents. All cash balances are maintained with high credit quality financial institutions, which are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   

            Capital Gains Incentive Fee:       The Company entered into an investment advisory and administrative services agreement with FSEP II
Advisor, dated
as of July 31, 2014, or the investment advisory and administrative services agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, the incentive fee
on capital gains will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of such agreement). Such fee will equal 20.0% of the Company's incentive fee capital
gains (i.e., the Company's realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses and
unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. On a quarterly basis, the Company will accrue for the capital
gains incentive fee by calculating such fee as if it were due and payable as of the end of such period.   

          While
the investment advisory and administrative services agreement with FSEP II Advisor neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the
capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an interpretation of an American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or AICPA, Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the Company will include
unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee expense and related accrued capital gains incentive fee. This accrual will reflect the incentive fees that would be payable to
FSEP II Advisor as if the Company's entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though FSEP II Advisor is not entitled to an incentive fee with
respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized.   

            Subordinated Income Incentive Fee:       Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, FSEP II Advisor may
also be
entitled to receive a subordinated incentive fee on income. The subordinated incentive fee on income, which will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, will equal 20.0% of the Company's
"pre-incentive fee net investment income" for the immediately preceding quarter and will be subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital equal to 1.625% per quarter, or
an annualized hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result, FSEP II Advisor will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter
exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.625%. For purposes of this fee, "adjusted capital" means cumulative gross proceeds generated from sales of the Company's common shares (including proceeds
from its distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for amounts paid for share repurchases pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. Once the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income
in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to a "catch-up" fee equal to the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the   

  3  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

  hurdle
rate, until the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 2.031%, or 8.125% annually, of adjusted capital. Thereafter, FSEP II Advisor will receive 20.0%
of pre-incentive fee net investment income.   

           Organization Costs:       Organization costs include, among other things, the cost of organizing as a Delaware statutory trust, including the
cost of legal
services and other fees pertaining to the Company's organization. These costs will be expensed as the Company raises proceeds in its continuous public offering. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company incurred organization costs of $17 and $80, respectively, which were paid on its behalf by Franklin Square Holdings, L.P., or FS Investments, an affiliate
of FSEP II Advisor (see Note 3). For the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, the Company incurred organization costs of $346 which were paid on
its behalf by FS Investments (see Note 3).   

            Offering Costs:       Offering costs primarily include, among other things, marketing expense and printing, legal and due diligence fees and
other costs
pertaining to the Company's continuous public offering of its common shares, including the preparation of its Registration Statement on Form N-2 and salaries and direct expenses of
FSEP II Advisor's personnel, employees of its affiliates and others while engaged in such activities. The Company will defer and amortize such costs as an expense over twelve months as the
Company raises proceeds in its continuous public offering. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred offering costs of $132 and $506, respectively, which were
paid on its behalf by FS Investments (see Note 3). For the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, the Company incurred offering costs of $3,309 which were
paid on its behalf by FS Investments (see Note 3).   

          Under
the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, upon satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to
receive up to 0.75% of gross proceeds raised in the Company's continuous public offering until all organization and offering costs funded by FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS
Investments) have been recovered.   

Note 3. Related Party Transactions     

Compensation of the Investment Adviser and Dealer Manager     

          Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, after the Company meets its minimum offering requirement,
FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to receive an annual base management fee of 2.0% of the average weekly value of the Company's gross assets and an incentive fee based on the Company's
performance. Base management fees will be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears.   

          The
incentive fee will consist of two parts. The first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, will be calculated and payable
quarterly in arrears, will equal 20.0% of the Company's "pre-incentive fee net investment income" for the immediately preceding quarter and will be subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of
return on adjusted capital equal to 1.625% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result, FSEP II Advisor will not earn this part of the incentive fee for any quarter until the
Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.625%. For purposes of this fee,   

  4  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 3. Related Party Transactions (Continued)    

  "adjusted
capital" means cumulative gross proceeds generated from sales of the Company's common shares (including proceeds from its distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for amounts paid for share
repurchases pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue
discount, debt instruments with paid-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Once the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment
income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to a "catch-up" fee equal to the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle
rate, until the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 2.031%, or 8.125% annually of adjusted capital. This "catch-up" feature allows FSEP II Advisor to
recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate. Thereafter, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to receive 20.0% of the Company's pre-incentive fee net investment income.   

          The
second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon
termination of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement). This fee will equal 20.0% of the Company's incentive fee capital gains, which will equal the Company's realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis,
less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. The Company will
accrue for the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, the fee payable to
FSEP II Advisor will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized.   

          The
Company will also reimburse FSEP II Advisor for expenses necessary to perform services related to the Company's administration and operations, including FSEP II
Advisor's allocable portion of the compensation and related expenses of certain personnel of FS Investments providing administrative services to the Company on behalf of FSEP II Advisor. The
amount of this reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) FSEP II Advisor's actual costs incurred in providing such services and (2) the amount that the Company estimates it would be
required to pay alternative service providers for comparable services in the same geographic location. FSEP II Advisor will be required to allocate the cost of such services to the Company
based on factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. The Company's board of trustees will review the methodology employed in determining how the expenses are
allocated to the Company and the proposed allocation of the administrative expenses among the Company and certain affiliates of FSEP II Advisor. The Company's board of trustees will then assess
the reasonableness of such reimbursements for expenses allocated to the Company based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the estimated cost to the Company of obtaining
similar services from third-party service providers known to be available. In addition, the Company's board of trustees will consider whether any single third-party service provider would be capable
of providing all such services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, the Company's board of trustees will, among other things, compare the total amount paid to FSEP II Advisor for such
services as a percentage of the Company's net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable BDCs. The Company will not reimburse   

  5  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 3. Related Party Transactions (Continued)    

  FSEP II
Advisor for any services for which it receives a separate fee, or for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of
FSEP II Advisor.   

          FS
Investments, an affiliate of FSEP II Advisor, funded the Company's organization and offering costs in the amount of $149 and $586, respectively, for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. FS Investments funded the Company's organization and offering costs in the amount of $3,655 for the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to
December 31, 2015.   

          These
costs include legal, accounting, marketing, printing and other expenses associated with the Company's organization and offering activities, including costs related to preparation
of the Company's registration statement and prospectus, and salaries and other direct expenses of FSEP II Advisor's personnel, employees of its affiliates and others while engaged in such
activities on behalf of the Company.   

          Under
the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, there will be no liability on the Company's part for organization and offering costs funded by
FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS Investments) until the investment advisory and administrative services agreement is effective and the Company has satisfied the minimum offering
requirement. At such time, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to receive up to 0.75% of the gross proceeds raised in the Company's continuous public offering until all organization and offering
costs funded by FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS Investments) have been recovered. The minimum reimbursement to FSEP II Advisor for such fees is $7.5, assuming the Company
is able to raise $1,000 in gross proceeds.   

          The
dealer manager for the Company's continuous public offering is FS Investment Solutions, LLC (formerly FS 2  Capital Partners, LLC), or FS Investment
Solutions, which is one of the Company's affiliates. Under the dealer manager agreement among the Company, FSEP II Advisor and FS Investment Solutions, or the dealer manager agreement, FS
Investment Solutions will be entitled to receive upfront sales commissions in connection with the sale of common shares in the Company's continuous public offering, all or a portion of which may be
re-allowed to selected broker-dealers and financial representatives.   

Capital Contributions by FS Investments     

          In April 2014, pursuant to a private placement, Michael C. Forman and David J. Adelman, the co-founders of FS Investments, contributed an
aggregate of $200 to purchase approximately 22,222 common shares at $9.00 per share. Messrs. Forman and Adelman have agreed not to tender these common shares for repurchase as long as
FSEP II Advisor remains the Company's investment adviser.   

Potential Conflicts of Interest     

          FSEP II Advisor's senior management team is comprised of substantially the same personnel as the senior management teams of FB Income
Advisor, LLC, FSIC II Advisor, LLC, FSIC III Advisor, LLC, FSIC IV Advisor, LLC, FS Investment Advisor, LLC and FS Global Advisor, LLC,
the investment advisers to FS Investments' other affiliated BDCs and affiliated closed-end management investment company. As a result, such personnel provide investment advisory services to the
Company and each of FS Investment Corporation, FS Investment Corporation II, FS Investment Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV, FS Energy and Power Fund and FS Global
Credit Opportunities Fund.   

  6  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 3. Related Party Transactions (Continued)    

  While
none of FSEP II Advisor, FB Income Advisor, LLC, FSIC II Advisor, LLC, FSIC III Advisor, LLC, FSIC IV Advisor, LLC, FS Investment
Advisor, LLC or FS Global Advisor, LLC is currently making private corporate debt investments for clients other than the Company, FS Investment Corporation, FS Investment
Corporation II, FS Investment Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV, FS Energy and Power Fund or FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, respectively, any, or all, may do so
in the future. In the event that FSEP II Advisor undertakes to provide investment advisory services to other clients in the future, it intends to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and
equitable manner consistent with the Company's investment objectives and strategies, if necessary, so that the Company will not be disadvantaged in relation to any other client of FSEP II
Advisor or its management team. In addition, even in the absence of FSEP II Advisor retaining additional clients, it is possible that some investment opportunities may be provided to FS
Investment Corporation, FS Investment Corporation II, FS Investment Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV, FS Energy and Power Fund and/or FS Global Credit Opportunities
Fund.   

Exemptive Relief     

          In an order dated June 4, 2013, the SEC granted exemptive relief to the Company's affiliates, upon which it may rely, and which permits
the Company, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to co-invest in certain privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of FSEP II Advisor, including FS
Investment Corporation, FS Investment Corporation II, FS Investment Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV, FS Energy and Power Fund and any future BDCs that are advised by
FSEP II Advisor or its affiliated investment advisers, or collectively, the co-investment affiliates. The Company believes this relief will enhance its ability to further its investment
objectives and strategies. The Company believes this relief may also increase favorable investment opportunities for the Company, in part by allowing it to participate in larger investments, together
with the co-investment affiliates, than would be available to the Company if such relief had not been obtained. Because the Company's affiliates did not seek exemptive relief to engage in
co-investment transactions with its investment sub-adviser, GSO Capital Partners LP, or GSO, and its affiliates, the Company will be permitted to co-invest with GSO and its affiliates only in
accordance with existing regulatory guidance (e.g., where price is the only negotiated term).   

Expense Reimbursement     

          Pursuant to an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, by and between FS Investments and the
Company, or the expense reimbursement agreement, FS Investments has agreed to reimburse the Company for expenses in an amount that is sufficient to ensure that no portion of the Company's
distributions to shareholders will be paid from its offering proceeds or borrowings.   

          However,
because certain investments the Company may make, including preferred and common equity investments, may generate dividends and other distributions to the Company that are
treated for tax purposes as a return of capital, a portion of the Company's distributions to shareholders may also be deemed to constitute a return of capital for tax purposes to the extent that the
Company may use such dividends or other distribution proceeds to fund its distributions to shareholders. Under those circumstances, FS Investments will not reimburse the Company for the portion of
such distributions to shareholders that represent a return of capital for tax purposes.   

  7  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 3. Related Party Transactions (Continued)    

          Under
the expense reimbursement agreement, FS Investments will reimburse the Company quarterly for expenses in an amount equal to the difference between the Company's cumulative
distributions paid to its shareholders in each quarter, less the sum of the Company's investment company taxable income, net capital gains and dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on
account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts are not included in investment company taxable income or net capital gains) in each quarter.   

          Pursuant
to the expense reimbursement agreement, the Company has a conditional obligation to reimburse FS Investments for any amounts funded by FS Investments under such agreement if
(and only to the extent that), during any fiscal quarter occurring within three years of the date on which FS Investments funded such amount, the sum of the Company's investment company taxable
income, net capital gains and the amount of any dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies (to the extent not
included in investment company taxable income or net capital gains) exceeds the cumulative ordinary cash distributions paid by the Company to its shareholders during such quarter; provided, however,
that (i) the Company will only reimburse FS Investments for expense support payments made by FS Investments to the extent that the payment of such reimbursement (together with any other
reimbursement paid during such fiscal year) does not cause "other operating expenses" (as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any expense support payments received by the Company during
such fiscal year) to exceed the lesser of (A) 1.75% of the Company's average net assets attributable to its common shares for the fiscal year-to-date period after taking such payments into
account and (B) the percentage of the Company's average net assets attributable to its common shares represented by "other operating expenses" during the fiscal year in which such expense
support payment from FS Investments was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) shall not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense support payment from FS
Investments made during the same fiscal year); and (ii) the Company will not reimburse FS Investments for expense support payments made by FS Investments if the annualized rate of regular cash
distributions declared by the Company at the time of such reimbursement payment is less than the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time FS Investments made
the expense support payment to which such reimbursement payment relates. "Other operating expenses" means the Company's total "operating expenses" (as defined below), excluding base management fees,
incentive fees, organization and offering expenses, financing fees and costs, interest expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. "Operating expenses" means all operating costs and
expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with GAAP for investment companies.   

          FS
Investments has indicated that it expects to continue such reimbursements until it deems that the Company has achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that it bears a
reasonable level of expenses in relation to its income.   

          The
specific amount of expenses reimbursed by FS Investments pursuant to the expense reimbursement agreement, if any, will be determined at the end of each quarter. The Company or FS
Investments may terminate the expense reimbursement agreement at any time. Upon termination of the expense reimbursement agreement by FS Investments, FS Investments will be required to fund any
amounts accrued thereunder as of the date of termination. Similarly, the conditional obligation of the Company to reimburse FS Investments pursuant to the terms of the expense reimbursement agreement
shall survive the termination of such agreement by either party.   

  8  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 3. Related Party Transactions (Continued)    

          FS
Investments is controlled by the Company's chairman, president and chief executive officer, Michael C. Forman, and the Company's vice-chairman, David J. Adelman. There can be no
assurance that the expense reimbursement agreement will remain in effect or that FS Investments will reimburse any portion of the Company's expenses in future quarters.   

Note 4. Share Repurchase Program     

Beginning with the first full calendar quarter following the date the Company satisfies the minimum offering requirement, and on a quarterly basis thereafter, the Company intends to
offer to repurchase common shares on such terms as may be determined by the Company's board of trustees in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent trustees of
the Company's board of trustees, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of the Company's shareholders or would violate applicable law. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase
offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and the 1940 Act. In months in which the Company
repurchases common shares pursuant to its share repurchase program, it expects to conduct repurchases on the same date that it holds its first weekly closing in such month for the sale of common
shares in its continuous public offering. Any offer to repurchase common shares will be conducted solely through tender offer materials mailed to each shareholder.   

          The
Company's board of trustees will also consider the following factors, among others, in making its determination regarding whether to cause the Company to offer to repurchase common
shares and under what terms:  

the effect of such repurchases on the Company's qualification as a RIC (including the consequences of any necessary asset sales);    
            the liquidity of the Company's assets (including fees and costs associated with disposing of assets);    
            the Company's investment plans and working capital requirements;   
            the relative economies of scale with respect to the Company's size;   
            the Company's history in repurchasing common shares or portions thereof; and   
            the condition of the securities markets.    

The
Company currently intends to limit the number of common shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of common shares it can repurchase with the proceeds it
receives from the issuance of common shares under its distribution reinvestment plan. Because the Company's distribution reinvestment plan is structured as an "opt in" program that requires
shareholders to affirmatively elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional common shares, such requirement may contribute to the illiquidity of the Company's common shares. At the
discretion of the Company's board of trustees, the Company may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from the liquidation of investments as of the end of the applicable period
to repurchase common shares. In addition, beginning with the first full calendar quarter in the year following the date that the Company satisfies the minimum offering requirement, the Company will
limit the number of common shares to be repurchased in any calendar year to 10.0% of the weighted average number of   

  9  

Table of Contents   

FS Energy and Power Fund II    

    Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements (Continued)    

    (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

Note 4. Share Repurchase Program (Continued)    

  common
shares outstanding in the prior calendar year, or 2.5% in each calendar quarter, though the actual number of common shares that the Company offers to repurchase may be less in light of the
limitations noted above. The Company intends to offer to repurchase common shares on each date of repurchase at the net offering price in effect on the date of repurchase. The Company's board of
trustees may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time.   

Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies     

The Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of indemnification provisions. The Company's maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown; however, the Company has not
had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts. Management of FSEP II Advisor has reviewed the Company's existing contracts and expects the risk of loss to the Company to be remote.   

          The
Company is not currently subject to any material legal proceedings and, to the Company's knowledge, no material legal proceedings are threatened against the Company. From time to
time, the Company may be party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not
expect that any such proceedings will have a material effect upon its financial condition or results of operations.   

          See
Note 3 for a discussion of the Company's commitments to FSEP II Advisor and its affiliates (including FS Investments) for the reimbursement of organization and offering
costs funded by FS Investments.   

  10  

Table of Contents    

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)     

The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and the related notes thereto
included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In this report, "we," "us" and "our" refer to FS Energy and Power Fund II.   

Forward-Looking Statements     

          Some of the statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events
or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q may include statements as
to:  

our future operating results;   
            our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest;   
            the impact of the investments that we expect to make;   
            the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   
            our expected financing arrangements and investments;   
            changes in the general interest rate environment;   
            the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital;   
            the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies;    
            our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;   
            actual and potential conflicts of interest with FSEP II Advisor, FB Income Advisor, LLC, FSIC II Advisor, LLC, FSIC III
Advisor, LLC, FSIC IV Advisor, LLC, FS Investment Advisor, LLC, FS Global Advisor, LLC, FS Investment Corporation, FS Investment Corporation II, FS Investment
Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV, FS Energy and Power Fund, FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, GSO, or any of their affiliates;   
            the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest;    
            our use of financial leverage;   
            the ability of FSEP II Advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments;    
            the ability of FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals;    
            our ability to maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a BDC;   
            the impact on our business of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations issued
thereunder;   
            the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and   
            the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest.    

In
addition, words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect" and "intend" indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The
forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties. Our   

  11  

Table of Contents   

actual
results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include:  

changes in the economy;   
            risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or natural disasters; and    
            future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas.    

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. Shareholders are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to shareholders or through reports that we may file in the future with the SEC, including
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.   

Overview     

          We were formed as a Delaware statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act on February 6, 2014 and will not formally commence
investment operations until we raise gross proceeds in excess of $1,000 from sales of our common shares in our continuous public offering, all of which must be from persons who are not affiliated with
us or FSEP II Advisor. We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and has elected to be
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code.   

          Our
investment activities will be managed by FSEP II Advisor and supervised by our board of trustees, a majority of whom are independent. Under the investment advisory and administrative
services agreement, we have agreed to pay FSEP II Advisor an annual base management fee based on the average weekly value of our gross assets and an incentive fee based on our performance. FSEP II
Advisor has engaged GSO to act as our investment sub-adviser. GSO will assist FSEP II Advisor in identifying investment opportunities and will make investment recommendations for approval by
FSEP II Advisor according to guidelines set by FSEP II Advisor.   

          Our
investment policy will be to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of our total assets in securities of Energy companies. This investment policy may not be changed without
at least 60 days' prior notice to holders of our common shares of any such change.   

          Our
investment objective is to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. We have identified and intend to focus on the following investment categories, which we believe
will allow us to generate an attractive total return with an acceptable level of risk.   

            Direct Originations:       We intend to leverage our relationship with GSO and its global sourcing and origination platform including its
industry
relationships to directly source investment opportunities. Such investments will be originated or structured for us or made by us and will not be generally available to the broader market. These
investments may include both debt and equity components, although we do not expect to make equity investments (other than income-oriented equity investments) independent of having an existing credit
relationship. We believe directly originated investments may offer higher returns and more favorable protections than broadly syndicated transactions.   

  12  

Table of Contents   

            Opportunistic:       We intend to seek to capitalize on market price inefficiencies by investing in loans, bonds and other securities where
the market
price of such investment reflects a lower value than deemed warranted by our fundamental analysis. We believe that market price inefficiencies may occur due to, among other things, general
dislocations in the markets, a misunderstanding by the market of a particular company or an Energy industry sub-sector being out of favor with the broader investment community. We will seek to
allocate capital to these securities that have been misunderstood or mispriced by the market and where we believe there is an opportunity to earn an attractive return on our investment. Such
opportunities may include both event driven investments and anchor orders.   

          In
the case of event driven investments, we intend to take advantage of dislocations that arise in the markets due to an impending event and where the market's apparent expectation of
value differs substantially from our fundamental analysis. Such events may include a looming debt maturity or default, a merger, spin-off or other corporate reorganization, an adverse regulatory or
legal ruling, or a material contract expiration, any of which may significantly improve or impair a company's financial position. Compared to other investment strategies, event driven investing
depends more heavily on our ability to successfully predict the outcome of an individual event rather than on underlying macroeconomic fundamentals. As a result, successful event driven strategies may
offer both substantial diversification benefits and the ability to generate performance in uncertain market environments.   

          We
may also invest in certain opportunities that are originated and then syndicated by a commercial or investment bank but where we provide a capital commitment significantly above the
average syndicate participant, i.e., an anchor order. In these types of investments, we may receive fees, preferential pricing or other benefits not available to other lenders in return for our
significant capital commitment. Our decision to provide an anchor order to a syndicated transaction will be predicated on a rigorous credit analysis, our familiarity with a particular company, Energy
industry sub-sector or financial sponsor, and the broader investment experiences of FSEP II Advisor and GSO.   

            Broadly Syndicated/Other:       Although our primary focus will be to invest in directly originated transactions and opportunistic
investments, in certain
circumstances we will also invest in the broadly syndicated loan and high yield markets. Broadly syndicated loans and bonds are generally more liquid than our directly originated investments and will
provide a complement to our less liquid strategies. In addition, and because we expect to typically receive more attractive financing terms on these positions than we would on our less liquid assets,
we expect to be able to leverage the broadly syndicated portion of our portfolio in such a way that will maximize the levered return potential of our portfolio.   

          We
anticipate that our portfolio will be comprised primarily of income-oriented securities, which refers to debt securities and income-oriented preferred and common equity interests, of
privately-held Energy companies within the United States. We intend to weight our portfolio towards senior and subordinated debt. In addition to investments purchased from dealers or other investors
in the secondary market, we expect to invest in primary market transactions and directly originated investments as this will provide us with the ability to tailor investments to best match a project's
or company's needs with our investment objectives. Our portfolio may also be comprised of select income-oriented preferred or common equity interests, which refers to equity interests that pay
consistent, high-yielding dividends, that we believe will produce both current income and long-term capital appreciation. These income-oriented preferred or common equity interests may include
interests in master limited partnerships. In connection with certain of our future debt investments, we may on occasion receive equity interests such as warrants or options as additional
consideration. In addition, a portion of our portfolio may be comprised of minority interests in the form of common or preferred equity or other equity-related securities, such as rights and warrants
that may be converted into or exchanged for common stock or other equity or the cash value of common stock, in our target companies, as well as derivatives, including total return swaps and credit
default swaps. Upon satisfying the minimum offering requirement, we will commence investment operations and investors will be subject to the fees and expenses disclosed in this prospectus. Prior to
raising sufficient capital, we may   

  13  

Table of Contents   

  make
smaller investments than we expect to make once we raise sufficient capital due to liquidity constraints. Once we raise sufficient capital, we expect that our investments will generally range
between $5,000 and $75,000 each, although investments may vary proportionately as the size of our
capital base changes and will ultimately be made at the discretion of FSEP II Advisor, subject to oversight by our board of trustees.   

Revenues     

          The principal measure of our financial performance will be net increase in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment
income, net realized gain or loss on investments, net realized gain or loss on foreign currency, net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments and net unrealized gain or loss on foreign
currency. Net investment income is the difference between our income from interest, dividends, fees and other investment income and our operating and other expenses. Net realized gain or loss on
investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost, including the respective realized gain or loss on foreign currency for
those foreign denominated investment transactions. Net realized gain or loss on foreign currency is the portion of realized gain or loss attributable to foreign currency fluctuations. Net unrealized
appreciation or depreciation on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio, including the respective unrealized gain or loss on foreign currency for those foreign
denominated investments. Net unrealized gain or loss on foreign currency is the net change in the value of receivables or accruals due to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.   

          We
plan to generate revenues in the form of interest income on the debt investments we anticipate holding. We may also generate revenues in the form of dividends and other distributions
on the equity or other securities we anticipate holding. In addition, we may generate revenues in the form of non-recurring commitment, closing, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for
providing managerial assistance, consulting fees, prepayment fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection with our investments will be recognized as earned.   

Expenses     

          Our primary operating expenses will be the payment of management and incentive fees and other expenses under the investment advisory and
administrative services agreement, interest expense from financing arrangements and other expenses necessary for our operations. The management and incentive fees will compensate FSEP II Advisor for
its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing, monitoring and servicing our investments. FSEP II Advisor will be responsible for compensating our investment sub-adviser.   

          We
will reimburse FSEP II Advisor for expenses necessary to perform services related to our administration and operations, including FSEP II Advisor's allocable portion of the
compensation and
related expenses of certain personnel of FS Investments providing administrative services to us on behalf of FSEP II Advisor. Such services will include the provision of general ledger accounting,
fund accounting, legal services, investor relations and other administrative services. FSEP II Advisor also will perform, or oversee the performance of, our corporate operations and required
administrative services, which includes being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports for our shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. In
addition, FSEP II Advisor will assist us in calculating our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our shareholders, and
generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. See " Related Party Transactions" for additional
information regarding the reimbursements payable to FSEP II Advisor for administrative services and the methodology for determining the amount of any such reimbursements. We will bear all other
expenses of our operations and transactions. For additional   

  14  

Table of Contents   

  information
regarding these expenses, please see our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

          In
addition, we have contracted with State Street Bank and Trust Company to provide various accounting and administrative services, including, but not limited to, preparing preliminary
financial information for review by FSEP II Advisor, preparing and monitoring expense budgets, maintaining accounting and corporate books and records, processing trade information provided by us and
performing testing with respect to RIC compliance.   

Expense Reimbursement     

          Pursuant to the expense reimbursement agreement, FS Investments has agreed to reimburse us for expenses in an amount that is sufficient to
ensure that no portion of our distributions to shareholders will be paid from our offering proceeds or borrowings.   

However,
because certain investments we may make, including preferred and common equity investments, may generate dividends and other distributions to us that are treated for tax
purposes as a return of capital, a portion of our distributions to shareholders may also be deemed to constitute a return of capital for tax purposes to the extent that we may use such dividends or
other distribution proceeds to fund our distributions to shareholders. Under those circumstances, FS Investments will not
reimburse us for the portion of such distributions to shareholders that represent a return of capital for tax purposes.   

          Under
the expense reimbursement agreement, FS Investments will reimburse us quarterly for expenses in an amount equal to the difference between our cumulative distributions paid to our
shareholders in each quarter, less the sum of our investment company taxable income, net capital gains and dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity
investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts are not included in net investment company taxable income or net capital gains) in each quarter.   

          Pursuant
to the expense reimbursement agreement, we have a conditional obligation to reimburse FS Investments for any amounts funded by FS Investments under such agreement if (and only
to the extent that), during any fiscal quarter occurring within three years of the date on which FS Investments funded such amount, the sum of our net investment company taxable income, net capital
gains and the amount of any dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies (to the extent not included in net investment
company taxable income or net capital gains) exceeds the cumulative ordinary cash distributions paid by us to our shareholders during such quarter; provided, however, that (i) we will only
reimburse FS Investments for expense support payments made by FS Investments with respect to any calendar quarter to the extent that the payment of such reimbursement (together with any other
reimbursement paid during such fiscal year) does not cause "other operating expenses" (as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any expense support payments received by us during such
fiscal year) to exceed the lesser of (A) 1.75% of our average net assets attributable to our common shares for the fiscal year-to-date period after taking such payments into account and
(B) the percentage of our average net assets attributable to our common shares represented by "other operating expenses" during the fiscal year in which such expense support payment from FS
Investments was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) shall not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense support payment from FS Investments made during the same
fiscal year); and (ii) we will not reimburse FS Investments for expense support payments made by FS Investments for any calendar quarter if the annualized rate of regular cash distributions
declared by us at the time of such reimbursement payment is less than the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by us at the time FS Investments made the expense support payment to
which such reimbursement payment relates. We are not obligated to pay interest on the reimbursements we are required to make to FS Investments under the expense   

  15  

Table of Contents   

  reimbursement
agreement. "Other operating expenses" means our total "operating expenses" (as defined below), excluding base management fees, incentive fees, organization and offering costs, financing
fees and costs, interest expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. "Operating expenses" means all operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with GAAP for
investment companies.   

          FS
Investments has indicated that it expects to continue such reimbursements until it deems that we have achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that we bear a reasonable level
of expenses in relation to our income.   

          The
specific amount of expenses reimbursed by FS Investments pursuant to the expense reimbursement agreement, if any, will be determined at the end of each quarter. We or FS Investments
may terminate the expense reimbursement agreement at any time. Upon termination of the expense reimbursement agreement by FS Investments, FS Investments will be required to fund any amounts accrued
thereunder as of the date of termination. Similarly, our conditional obligation to reimburse FS Investments pursuant to the terms of the expense reimbursement agreement shall survive the
termination of such agreement by either party.   

          FS
Investments is controlled by our chairman, president and chief executive officer, Michael C. Forman, and our vice-chairman, David J. Adelman. There can be no assurance
that the expense reimbursement agreement will remain in effect or that FS Investments will reimburse any portion of our expenses in future quarters.   

Portfolio Investment Activity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

          For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not make or sell any investments.   

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources     

          We intend to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of our continuous public offering and from cash flows from fees, interest and
dividends earned from our investments as well as principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Immediately after we satisfy the minimum offering requirement, gross subscription
funds will total at least $1,000. Subsequent to satisfying the minimum offering requirement, we will sell our common shares on a continuous basis at an initial offering price of $10.60 per share. We
will accept subscriptions on a continuous basis and issue common shares at weekly closings at prices that, after deducting upfront selling commissions, if any, must be above our net asset value per
share. In connection with each weekly closing, our board of trustees or a committee thereof is required, within 48 hours of the time that each closing and sale is made, to make the
determination that we are not selling common shares at a price per share which, after deducting upfront selling commissions, if any, is below our then-current net asset value per share.   

Prior
to investing in securities of portfolio companies, we will invest the net proceeds from our continuous public offering and from any sales and paydowns of our existing investments
primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, consistent with our
BDC election and our election to be taxed as a RIC.   

          We
may borrow funds to make investments, including before we have fully invested the proceeds from our continuous public offering, to the extent we determine that additional capital
would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced debt financing opportunities, or if our board of trustees
determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders. However, we   

  16  

Table of Contents   

have
not currently decided whether, and to what extent, we will finance portfolio investments using debt. We do not currently anticipate issuing any preferred shares.   

Capital Contributions by FS Investments     

          In April 2014, pursuant to a private placement, Michael C. Forman and David J. Adelman, the co-founders of FS Investments, contributed an
aggregate of $200 to purchase approximately 22,222 common shares at $9.00 per share. Messrs. Forman and Adelman have agreed not to tender these common shares for repurchase as long as
FSEP II Advisor remains our investment adviser.   

RIC Tax Treatment and Distributions     

          We have elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the
Code. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute each tax year as dividends to our
shareholders. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we
must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, in order to maintain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our shareholders, for each
tax year, dividends generally of an amount at least equal to 90% of our "investment company taxable income," which is generally the sum of our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized
net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In addition, we may, in certain cases, satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement by distributing dividends relating to a tax year after the close of such tax year under the "spillover dividend" provisions of Subchapter M of the Code. If we
distribute a spillover dividend, such dividend will be included in a shareholder's gross income for the tax year in which the spillover distribution is paid. We intend to make sufficient distributions
to our shareholders to maintain our RIC tax treatment each tax year. We will also be subject to nondeductible U.S. federal excise taxes on certain undistributed income unless we distribute dividends
in a timely manner to our shareholders of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98% of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year,
(2) 98.2% of our capital gain net income, which is the excess of capital gains over capital losses (as adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 of
that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and capital gain net income for the preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax.
Any distribution declared by us during October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to shareholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the
following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been paid by us, as well as received by our U.S. shareholders, on December 31 of the calendar year in which the distribution was declared.
We generally will endeavor in each tax year to avoid any material U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings.   

          Subject
to our board of trustees' discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on either a weekly, semi-monthly or monthly
basis and pay such distributions on either a monthly or quarterly basis beginning no later than the first calendar quarter after the month in which the minimum offering requirement is met. We will
calculate each shareholder's specific distribution amount for the period using record and declaration dates, and each shareholder's distributions will begin to accrue on the date we accept such
shareholder's subscription for our common shares. From time to time, we may also pay special interim distributions in the form of cash or common shares at the discretion of our board of trustees. The
timing and amount of any future distributions to shareholders are subject to applicable legal restrictions and the sole discretion of our board of trustees. We have not established limits on the
amount of funds we may use from available sources to make distributions.   

  17  

Table of Contents    

          During certain periods, our distributions may exceed our earnings, especially during the period before we have substantially invested the proceeds from our
continuous public offering of our common shares. As a result, it is possible that a portion of the distributions we make will represent a return of capital. Notice to shareholders will be provided in
accordance with Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act with respect to any portion of our distributions not derived from our net investment income. A return of capital generally is a return of a
shareholder's investment rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment activities and will be made after deducting the fees and expenses payable in connection with our
continuous public offering, including any fees payable to FSEP II Advisor. Moreover, a return of capital will generally not be taxable, but will reduce each shareholder's cost basis in our common
shares, and will result in a higher reported capital gain or lower reported capital loss when the common shares on which such return of capital was received is sold. Each year a statement on
Form 1099-DIV identifying the sources of the distributions will be mailed to our shareholders.   

          We
intend to make our ordinary distributions in the form of cash out of assets legally available for distribution, unless shareholders elect to receive their distributions in additional
common shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. Although distributions paid in the form of additional common shares will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same
manner as cash distributions, shareholders who elect to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable
taxes. Shareholders
receiving distributions in the form of additional common shares will generally be treated as receiving a distribution in the amount of the fair market value of our common shares.   

          We
have adopted an "opt in" distribution reinvestment plan for our shareholders. As a result, if we make a cash distribution, our shareholders will receive the distribution in cash
unless they specifically "opt in" to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distribution reinvested in additional common shares. However, certain state authorities or regulators
may impose restrictions from time to time that may prevent or limit a shareholder's ability to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan.   

We
may fund our cash distributions to shareholders from any sources of funds legally available to us, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations,
capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in
portfolio companies and expense reimbursements and other related payments from FS Investments. We have not established limits on the amount of funds we may use from available sources to make
distributions.   

          We
expect that for a period of time following commencement of our continuous public offering, which time period may be significant, substantial portions of our distributions may be
funded through the reimbursement of certain expenses by FS Investments and its affiliates, including through the waiver of certain investment advisory fees by FSEP II Advisor, that are subject to
repayment by us within three years. The purpose of this arrangement is to ensure that no portion of our distributions to shareholders will be paid from offering proceeds or borrowings. Any such
distributions funded through expense reimbursements or waivers of advisory fees will not be based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance
in future periods and/or FS Investments and its affiliates continue to make such reimbursements or waivers of such fees. Our future repayments of amounts reimbursed or waived by FS Investments or its
affiliates will reduce the distributions that shareholders would otherwise receive in the future. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the performance necessary to be able to pay
distributions at a specific rate or at all. FS Investments and its affiliates, including FSEP II Advisor, have no obligation to waive advisory fees or otherwise reimburse expenses in future periods.   

          The
determination of the tax attributes of our distributions will be made annually as of the end of our fiscal year based upon our taxable income for the full year and distributions paid
for the full year.   

  18  

Table of Contents   

  The
actual tax characteristics of distributions to shareholders will be reported to shareholders annually on Form 1099-DIV.   

Critical Accounting Policies     

          Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those that
require the application of management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that
may change in subsequent periods. In preparing the financial statements, management will make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. In preparing the financial statements, management also will utilize available information,
including our past history, industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors, in forming its estimates and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual
results may differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar
businesses. As we execute our expected operating plans, we will describe additional critical accounting policies in the notes to our future financial statements in addition to those discussed below.   

Valuation of Portfolio Investments     

          We intend to determine the net asset value of our investment portfolio each quarter. Securities are valued at fair value as determined in good
faith by our board of trustees. In connection with that determination, we expect that FSEP II Advisor will provide our board of trustees with portfolio company valuations which are based on relevant
inputs, including, but not limited to, indicative dealer quotes, values of like securities, recent portfolio company financial statements and forecasts, and valuations prepared by independent
third-party valuation services.   

          Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 820,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure   , or ASC Topic 820, issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, clarifies the definition of fair value and requires companies to expand their disclosure about the use of fair value to measure assets and liabilities in interim and annual periods
subsequent to initial recognition. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include:
Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, which includes inputs such as quoted prices for similar securities in active markets and quoted
prices for identical securities where there is little or no activity in the market; and Level 3, defined as
unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.   

With
respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, we intend to undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described
below:  

our quarterly fair valuation process will begin with FSEP II Advisor's management team reviewing and documenting valuations of each portfolio
company or investment, which valuations may be obtained from an independent third-party valuation service, if applicable;   
            FSEP II Advisor's management team will then provide the valuation committee with the preliminary valuations for each portfolio company or
investment;    
 
  19  

Table of Contents   

preliminary valuations will then be discussed with the valuation committee;   
            the valuation committee will review the preliminary valuations and FSEP II Advisor's management team, together with our independent third-party
valuation services, if applicable, will supplement the preliminary valuations to reflect any comments provided by the valuation committee;   
            following its review, the valuation committee will recommend that our board of trustees approve our fair valuations; and    
            our board of trustees will discuss the valuations and determine the fair value of each such investment in our portfolio in good faith based on
various statistical and other factors, including the input and recommendation of FSEP II Advisor, the valuation committee and any independent third-party valuation services, if applicable.    

Determination
of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, these notes to our financial statements will refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible
effect of such valuations and any change in such valuations on our financial statements. In making its determination of fair value, our board of trustees may use any approved independent third-party
pricing or valuation services. However, our board of trustees will not be required to determine fair value in accordance with the valuation provided by any single source, and may use any relevant
data, including information obtained from FSEP II Advisor or any approved independent third-party valuation or pricing service that our board of trustees deems to be reliable in determining fair value
under the circumstances. Below is a description of factors that FSEP II Advisor's management team, any approved independent third-party valuation services and our board of trustees may consider when
determining the fair value of our investments.   

          Valuation
of fixed income investments, such as loans and debt securities, will depend upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates for like securities, expected
volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms of the debt. For investments without readily available market prices, we may incorporate these factors into
discounted cash flow models to arrive at fair value. Other factors that may be considered include the borrower's ability to adequately service its debt, the fair market value of the borrower in
relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the quality of collateral securing our debt investments.   

          For
convertible debt securities, fair value will generally approximate the fair value of the debt plus the fair value of an option to purchase the underlying security (the security into
which the debt may convert) at the conversion price. To value such an option, a standard option pricing model may be used.   

          Our
equity interests in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market will be valued at fair value. Our board of trustees, in its determination of fair value, may
consider various factors, such as multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, cash flows, net income, revenues or, in limited instances, book value or
liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments based upon the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or our actual investment position. For example, adjustments to
EBITDA may take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or other related items.   

          FSEP
II Advisor's management team, any approved independent third-party valuation services and our board of trustees may also consider private merger and acquisition statistics, public
trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors, valuations implied by third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. FSEP II
Advisor's management team, any approved independent third-party valuation services and our board of trustees may also consider the size and scope of a portfolio company and its specific strengths and
weaknesses, and may apply discounts or premiums, where and as appropriate, due to the higher (or lower) financial risk   

  20  

Table of Contents   

and/or
the smaller size of portfolio companies relative to comparable firms, as well as such other factors as our board of trustees, in consultation with FSEP II Advisor's management team and any
approved independent third-party valuation services, if applicable, may consider relevant in assessing fair value.   

          Generally,
the value of our equity interests in public companies for which market quotations are readily available is based upon the most recent closing public market price. Portfolio
securities that carry certain restrictions on sale will typically be valued at a discount from the public market value of the security.   

          If
we receive warrants or other equity securities at nominal or no additional cost in connection with an investment in a debt security, the cost basis in the investment will be allocated
between the debt securities and any such warrants or other equity securities received at the time of origination. Our board of trustees will subsequently value these warrants or other equity
securities received at their fair value.   

          The
fair values of our investments will be determined in good faith by our board of trustees. Our board of trustees will be solely responsible for the valuation of our portfolio
investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to our valuation policy and consistently applied valuation process. Our board of trustees will delegate day-to-day responsibility for
implementing our valuation policy to FSEP II Advisor's management team, and will authorize FSEP II Advisor's management team to utilize independent third-party valuation and pricing services that have
been approved by our board of trustees. The valuation committee will be responsible for overseeing FSEP II Advisor's implementation of the valuation process. We intend to value all of our
Level 2 and Level 3 assets by using the midpoint of the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers on the date of the relevant period end which will be provided by independent
third-party pricing services and screened for validity by such services. For investments for which third-party pricing services are unable to obtain quoted prices, we intend to obtain bid and ask
prices directly from dealers who make a market in such investments. To the extent that we hold investments for which no active secondary market exists and, therefore, no bid and ask prices can be
readily obtained, our valuation committee will utilize independent third-party valuation services to value such investments on a quarterly basis.   

We
will periodically benchmark the bid and ask prices we receive from third-party pricing services and/or dealers, as applicable, against the actual prices at which we purchase and sell
our investments. We may also use other methods including the use of independent valuation firms, to determine fair value for securities for which we cannot obtain prevailing bid and ask prices through
third-party pricing services or independent dealers or where our board of trustees otherwise may determine that the use of such other methods is appropriate. We will periodically benchmark the
valuations provided by the independent valuation firms against the actual prices at which we purchase and sell our investments. We believe that these prices will be reliable indicators of fair value.
The valuation committee and board of trustees will review and approve the valuation determinations made with respect to these investments in a manner consistent with our valuation policy.   

Revenue Recognition     

          We expect that security transactions will be accounted for on the trade date. We will record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent
that we expect to collect such amounts. We will record dividend income on the ex-dividend date. We will not accrue as a receivable interest or dividends on loans and securities if we have reason to
doubt our ability to collect such income. Our policy will be to place investments on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that interest income will be collected. We will consider many
factors relevant to an investment when placing it on or removing it from non-accrual status including, but not limited to, the delinquency status of the investment, economic and business conditions,
the overall financial condition of the underlying investment, the   

  21  

Table of Contents   

  value
of the underlying collateral, bankruptcy status, if any, and any other facts or circumstances relevant to the investment. If there is reasonable doubt that we will receive any previously accrued
interest, then the interest income will be written-off. Payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon the collectability of the
remaining principal and interest. Non-accrual investments may be restored to accrual status when principal and interest become current and are likely to remain current based on our judgment.   

          Loan
origination fees, original issue discount and market discount will be capitalized and we will amortize such amounts as interest income over the respective term of the loan or
security. Upon the prepayment of a loan or security, any unamortized loan origination fees and original issue discount will be recorded as interest income. Structuring and other non-recurring upfront
fees will be recorded as fee income when earned. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and securities as fee income when we receive such amounts.   

Net Realized Gains or Losses, Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation and Net Change in
Unrealized Gains or Losses on Foreign Currency     

          Gains or losses on the sale of investments will be calculated by using the specific identification method. We will measure realized gains or
losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously
recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period,
including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized gains or losses when gains or losses are realized and the respective unrealized gain or loss on foreign currency for any foreign denominated
investments we may hold. Net change in unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency will reflect the change in the value of receivables or accruals during the reporting period due to the impact of
foreign currency fluctuations.   

Organization Costs     

          Organization costs include, among other things, the cost of organizing as a Delaware statutory trust, including the cost of legal services and
other fees pertaining to our organization. These costs will be expensed as we raise proceeds in our continuous public offering. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
incurred organization costs of $17 and $80, respectively, which were paid on our behalf by FS Investments. For the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, we
incurred organization costs of $346 which were paid on our behalf by FS Investments. See also " Related Party Transactions."   

Offering Costs     

          Offering costs primarily include, among other things, marketing expense and printing, legal and due diligence fees and other costs pertaining to
our continuous public offering of our common shares, including the preparation of our registration statement on Form N-2 and salaries and direct expenses of FSEP II Advisor's personnel,
employees of its affiliates and others while engaged in such activities. We will defer and amortize such costs to expense over twelve months as we raise proceeds in our continuous public offering. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred offering costs of $132 and $506, respectively, which were paid on our behalf by FS
Investments. For the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, we incurred offering costs of $3,309 which were paid on our behalf by FS Investments. See also
" Related Party Transactions."   

          Under
the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, upon satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to receive up to   

  22  

Table of Contents   

  0.75%
of gross proceeds raised in our continuous public offering until all organization and offering costs funded by FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS Investments) have been recovered.   

Distributions     

          Distributions to our shareholders will be recorded as of the record date. Subject to our board of trustees' discretion and applicable legal
restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on either a weekly, semi-monthly or monthly basis and pay such distributions on either a monthly or quarterly basis. Net
realized capital gains, if any, will be distributed or deemed distributed at least annually.   

Capital Gains Incentive Fee     

          Pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains will be determined
and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of such agreement). Such fee will equal 20.0% of our incentive fee capital gains (i.e., our realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis),
less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. On a quarterly basis, we will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee by calculating such fee as if it were due and
payable as of the end of such period.   

          While
the investment advisory and administrative services agreement with FSEP II Advisor neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the
capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an interpretation of an AICPA Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, we will include unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains
incentive fee expense and related accrued capital gains incentive fee. This accrual will reflect the incentive fees that would be payable to FSEP II Advisor as if our entire portfolio was liquidated
at its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though FSEP II Advisor is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized.   

Subordinated Income Incentive Fee     

          Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, FSEP II Advisor may also be entitled to receive a subordinated
incentive fee on income. The subordinated incentive fee on income, which will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, will equal 20.0% of "pre-incentive fee net investment income" for the
immediately preceding quarter and will be subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital, equal to 1.625% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 6.5%. As a result,
FSEP II Advisor will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until our pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.625%. For purposes of this fee,
"adjusted capital" means cumulative gross proceeds generated from sales of our common shares (including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for amounts paid for share repurchases
pursuant to our share repurchase program. Once our pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to a "catch-up" fee equal to the
amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until our pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 2.031%, or 8.125% annually, of adjusted
capital. Thereafter, FSEP II Advisor will receive 20.0% of pre-incentive fee net investment income.   

Uncertainty in Income Taxes     

          We will evaluate our tax positions to determine if the tax positions taken meet the minimum recognition threshold in connection with accounting
for uncertainties in income tax positions taken or   

  23  

Table of Contents   

  expected
to be taken for the purposes of measuring and recognizing tax benefits or liabilities in our financial statements. Recognition of a tax benefit or liability with respect to an uncertain tax
position is required only when the position is "more likely than not" to be sustained assuming examination by taxing authorities. We will recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to
unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense in our statements of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not record any provision for income tax for
uncertain tax positions as well as did not incur any related interest or penalties.   

Contractual Obligations     

          We have entered into an agreement with FSEP II Advisor to provide us with investment advisory and administrative services. Payments for
investment advisory services under the investment advisory and administrative services agreement will be equal to (a) an annual base management fee of 2.0% of the average weekly value of our
gross assets and (b) an incentive fee based on our performance. FSEP II Advisor and, to the extent it is required to provide such services, our investment sub-adviser, will be reimbursed
for administrative expenses incurred on our behalf. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no services had been performed by FSEP II Advisor under the investment advisory
and administrative services agreement, and no fees or reimbursements had been earned or paid to date.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     

          We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements, including any risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices.   

Recently Issued Accounting Standards     

          None.   

Related Party Transactions     

Compensation of the Investment Adviser and Dealer Manager     

          Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, after we meet the minimum offering requirement, FSEP II Advisor will
be entitled to receive an annual base management fee of 2.0% of the average weekly value of our gross assets and an incentive fee based on our performance. We will also reimburse FSEP II Advisor and
GSO for expenses necessary to perform services related to our administration and operations, including FSEP II Advisor's allocable portion of the compensation and related expenses of certain personnel
of FS Investments providing administrative services to us on behalf of FSEP II Advisor.   

          Pursuant
to the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, we will also reimburse FSEP II Advisor and its affiliates for expenses necessary to perform services related to
our organization and continuous public offering. Under the terms of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, there is no liability on our part for the organization or offering
costs funded by FSEP II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS Investments) until the investment advisory and administrative services agreement is effective and we have met the minimum offering
requirement. At such time, FSEP II Advisor will be entitled to receive up to 0.75% of gross proceeds raised in our continuous public offering until all organization and offering costs funded by FSEP
II Advisor or its affiliates (including FS Investments) have been recovered. The minimum reimbursement to FSEP II Advisor for such fees is $7.5, assuming we are able to raise $1,000 in gross proceeds.
The investment advisory and administrative services agreement will not be effective until we meet the minimum offering requirement.   

  24  

Table of Contents   

          FS
Investments funded organization and offering costs in the amount of $149 and $586, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. FS Investments funded
organization and offering costs in the amount of $3,655 for the period from February 6, 2014 (Inception) to December 31,
2015. These costs include legal, accounting, marketing and printing expenses associated with our organization and offering activities, including costs related to preparation of our registration
statement and prospectus, and salaries and other direct expenses of FSEP II Advisor's personnel, employees of its affiliates and others while engaged in such activities on our behalf.   

          The
dealer manager for our continuous public offering is FS Investment Solutions, which is one of our affiliates. Under the dealer manager agreement, FS Investment Solutions is entitled
to receive upfront selling commissions in connection with the sale of shares in our continuous public offering, all or a portion of which may be re-allowed to selected broker-dealers.   

          See
Note 3 to our unaudited financial statements included herein for additional information regarding our related party transactions and relationships, including capital
contributions by FS Investments, potential conflicts of interest, our exemptive relief order from the SEC and our expense reimbursement arrangement with FS Investments.   

Recent Developments     

          None.    

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.            

          We will be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected
to lead to higher interest rates applicable to the variable rate investments we may hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. However, we expect that many of the
variable rate investments we may hold will provide for an interest rate floor, which may prevent our interest income from increasing until benchmark interest rates increase beyond a threshold amount.
To the extent that a substantial portion of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates beyond this threshold would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the
hurdle rate applicable to the subordinated incentive fee on income, and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income and to the amount of incentive fees payable to FSEP II Advisor
with respect to our increased pre-incentive fee net investment income.   

          In
addition, in the future we may seek to borrow funds in order to make additional investments. Our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at
which we borrow
funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we would be subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we or any future
subsidiaries have debt outstanding or financing arrangements in effect, our interest expense would increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate
investments.   

          We
expect that our long-term investments will be financed primarily with equity and debt. If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to minimize
our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Adverse developments resulting from changes
in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, we did not engage in interest rate hedging activities.   

  25  

Table of Contents   

          In
addition, we may have risk regarding portfolio valuation. See "Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Portfolio Investments."    

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.            

          As required by Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2016. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that we would meet our disclosure obligations.   

          There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three
month period ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

  26  

Table of Contents    

PART II OTHER INFORMATION            

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.            

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, no material legal proceedings are threatened against us.
From time to time, we may be party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that
any such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations.    

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.            

There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015.    

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.            

          Not applicable.    

Item 3.    Defaults upon Senior Securities.            

          Not applicable.    

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.            

          Not applicable.    

Item 5.    Other Information.            

          Not applicable.   

  27  

Table of Contents   

Item 6.    Exhibits            

3.1  
     
  Certificate of Trust of FS Energy and Power Fund II.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1) filed with FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File
No. 333-195237), filed on April 11, 2014.)   

3.2  
      
   Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of FS Energy and Power Fund II.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(3) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to FS Energy and Power
Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on August 22, 2014.)   

3.3  
      
   Bylaws of FS Energy and Power Fund II.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on
Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on August 22, 2014.)   

4.1  
      
   Form of Subscription Agreement.    (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on
Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on April 22, 2015.)   

4.2  
      
   Distribution Reinvestment Plan of FS Energy and Power Fund II.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's
registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on August 22, 2014.)   

10.1  
      
   Investment Advisory and Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, by and between FS Energy and Power Fund II and FSEP II Advisor, LLC.    (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit (g)(1) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on August 22, 2014.)   

10.2  
      
   Form of Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement, by and between FSEP II Advisor, LLC and GSO / Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g)
(2) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on August 22, 2014.)   

10.3  
      
   Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, by and among FS Energy and Power Fund II, FSEP II Advisor, LLC and FS 2  Capital Partners, LLC    (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit (h)(1) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on November 12, 2014.)   

10.4  
      
   Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (Included as Appendix A to the Dealer Manager Agreement).    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(2) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1
to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on November 12, 2014.)   

10.5  
      
   Custodian Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2014, by and between FS Energy and Power Fund II and State Street Bank and Trust Company.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) filed
with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on November 12, 2014.)   

10.6  
      
   Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, by and among FS Energy and Power Fund II, UMB Bank, N.A. and FS 2  Capital Partners, LLC    (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit (k)(1) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on November 12, 2014.)   

10.7  
      
   Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, by and between FS Energy and Power Fund II and Franklin Square Holdings, L.P.    (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit (k)(2) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to FS Energy and Power Fund II's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-195237) filed on November 12, 2014.)   

28  

Table of Contents   

*    Filed
herewith.     

29  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES     

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on November 10, 2016.   

FS Energy and Power Fund II  

By:  
      
   /s/ MICHAEL C. FORMAN 

Michael C. Forman 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  
      
   /s/ EDWARD T. GALLIVAN, JR. 

Edward T. Gallivan, Jr. 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

30  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2230226zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
Michael C. Forman, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FS Energy and Power Fund II;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      b.    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      c.    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      d.    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      b.    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 10, 2016   

/s/ MICHAEL C. FORMAN 

Michael C. Forman     Chief Executive Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2230226zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
Edward T. Gallivan, Jr. certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FS Energy and Power Fund II;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      b.    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      c.    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      d.    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      b.    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 10, 2016   

/s/ EDWARD T. GALLIVAN, JR. 

Edward T. Gallivan, Jr.     Chief Financial Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.2   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2230226zex-32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.1            

CERTIFICATION of CEO and CFO PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES   -   OXLEY
ACT OF 2002            

          In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FS Energy and Power Fund II (the "Company") for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Form 10-Q"), Michael C. Forman, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Edward T.
Gallivan, Jr., as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge:  

the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and   
            the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.    

Dated:
November 10, 2016   

/s/ MICHAEL C. FORMAN 

Michael C. Forman     Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ EDWARD T. GALLIVAN, JR. 

Edward T. Gallivan, Jr.     Chief Financial Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 32.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION of CEO and CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

</EX-32.1>

