<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_319815_0000319815-16-000166_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5030009</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131102</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>307257</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1525740</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2106417</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>863993</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000319815-16-000166.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102162251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000319815-16-000166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000319815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				952390133
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15477
		FILM NUMBER:		161968125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3888 CALLE FORTUNADA
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-503-3300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3888 CALLE FORTUNADA
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAXWELL LABORATORIES INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000319815-16-000166.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 mxwl09301610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from              to               
  Commission file number 1-15477 

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

(858) 503-3200 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES    x      NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES    x      NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    YES           NO    x 
  The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of   October 28, 2016   is   32,089,977   shares. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016    

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   Financial Information 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
     The following condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,   2015  , which has been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements, consisting of the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , and the condensed consolidated statements of operations and statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Certain information and disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. 
  The following condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,   2015  , which has been derived from audited financial statements, does not include all of the information and footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  . It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,   2015  . 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
  In the opinion of management, these unaudited statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise indicated) necessary for a fair statement for the periods presented as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. 
  In addition, operating results for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any subsequent period or for the year ending December 31,   2016  . 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  Maxwell,  the  Company,   we,   us,  and  our,  refer to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries; all references to  Maxwell SA  refer to the Company s Swiss subsidiary, Maxwell Technologies, SA. 
   
  Note 1   Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
  Description of Business 
  Maxwell Technologies, Inc. is a Delaware corporation originally incorporated in 1965 under the name Maxwell Laboratories, Inc. In 1983, the Company completed an initial public offering, and in 1996, changed its name to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. The Company is headquartered in San Diego, California, and has   two   manufacturing facilities located in Rossens, Switzerland and Peoria, Arizona. In April 2016, the Company exited its manufacturing facility in San Diego, California. In addition, the Company has   two   contract manufacturers located in China. Maxwell operates as   one   operating segment, which is comprised of   two   product lines: 
             
    Ultracapacitors:   The Company s primary focus, ultracapacitors, are energy storage devices that possess a unique combination of high power density, extremely long operational life and the ability to charge and discharge very rapidly. The Company s ultracapacitor cells, multi-cell packs and modules provide highly reliable energy storage and power delivery solutions for applications in multiple industries, including automotive, bus, rail and truck in transportation and grid energy storage, and wind in renewable energy. 
                
    High-Voltage Capacitors:   The Company s CONDIS        high-voltage capacitors are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for decades in all climates. These products include grading and coupling capacitors and capacitive voltage dividers that are used to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy. 
     In April 2016, the Company sold the assets and certain liabilities of a third product line, radiation-hardened microelectronics. The Company s radiation-hardened microelectronic products for satellites and spacecraft included single board computers and components, such as high-density memory and power modules.  
  The Company s products are designed and manufactured to perform reliably for the life of the products and systems into which they are integrated. The Company achieves high reliability through the application of proprietary technologies and rigorously controlled design, development, manufacturing and test processes. 
  Financial Statement Presentation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). All intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company has prepared the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and the standards of accounting measurement set forth in the   Interim Reporting   Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ). Consequently, the Company has not necessarily included in this Form 10-Q all information and footnotes required for audited financial statements. In the opinion of the Company s management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise indicated) necessary to for a fair statement of the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. for all periods presented. The results reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements should not be regarded as necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any subsequent period or for the entire year. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted in the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements. The year-end condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Reclassifications 
   Amortization of prepaid debt costs  for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   has been reclassified to  interest expense, net  and  changes in operating assets and liabilities,  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, respectively, to conform to the current period presentation.  Loss on lease due to restructuring  for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   has been reclassified from  changes in operating assets and liabilities  in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications do not impact reported net loss and do not otherwise have a material impact on the presentation of the overall financial statements. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. These estimates include, but are not limited to, assessing the collectability of accounts receivable, applied and unapplied production costs, production capacities, the usage and recoverability of inventories and long-lived assets, deferred income taxes, the incurrence of warranty obligations, impairment of goodwill, estimation of the cost to complete certain projects, estimation of pension assets and liabilities, accruals for estimated losses from legal matters, and estimation of the value of stock-based compensation awards, including the probability that the performance criteria of restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards will be met. 
  Restricted Cash 
  Restricted cash as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consists of a   $0.1 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively, cash balance on deposit to secure certain ongoing banking transactions. 
  Income Taxes 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has a cumulative valuation allowance recorded offsetting its worldwide net deferred tax assets of   $68.1 million  , of which the significant majority represents the valuation allowance on its U.S. net deferred tax asset. The Company has established a valuation allowance against its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. Management periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets and at such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that U.S. deferred tax assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. Any such release would result in recording a tax benefit that would increase net income in the period the valuation is released.  
  The Company records taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries  earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded a   $3.7 million   deferred tax liability for Swiss withholding taxes associated with   $73.5 million   of undistributed earnings of its Swiss subsidiary that are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. In the event that the Company repatriates these funds, these withholding taxes would become payable. 
  Warranty Obligation 
  The Company provides warranties on all product sales for terms ranging from   one   to   eight   years. The Company accrues for the estimated warranty costs at the time of sale based on historical warranty experience plus any known or expected changes in warranty exposure. As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the accrued warranty liability included in  accounts payable and accrued liabilities  in the condensed consolidated balance sheets was   $1.3 million  . 
  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenue is derived primarily from the sale of manufactured products directly to customers. Product revenue is recognized, according to the guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) Numbers 101,   Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements  , and 104,   Revenue Recognition  , when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists (upon contract signing or receipt of an authorized purchase order from a customer); (2) title passes to the customer at either shipment from the Company s facilities or receipt at the customer facility, depending on shipping terms; (3) customer payment is deemed fixed or determinable and free of contingencies or significant uncertainties; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. This policy has been consistently applied from period to period. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

A portion of our revenue is derived from sales to distributors. Distributor revenue is recognized when all of the criteria for revenue recognition are met, which is generally the time of shipment to the distributor; all returns and credits are estimable and not significant. 
  Revenue from production-type contracts, which represent less than   five   percent of total revenue, is recognized using the percentage of completion method. The degree of completion is determined based on costs incurred as a percentage of total costs anticipated, excluding costs that are not representative of progress to completion. 
  Total deferred revenue and customer deposits in the consolidated balance sheets as of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $3.1 million  , and relates to cash received from customers on sales for which the revenue recognition criteria had not been achieved, customer advances, as well as other less significant customer arrangements requiring the deferral of revenue. 
  Liquidity 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $27.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents, and working capital of   $61.9 million  . In July 2015, the Company entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank ( EWB ), whereby EWB made available to the Company a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit which is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a)   $25.0 million  ; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   no   amounts have been borrowed under this revolving line of credit and the amount available was   $10.7 million  . Management believes the available cash balance, along with the available borrowings under the revolving line of credit, will be sufficient to fund operations, obligations as they become due, and capital investments for at least the next twelve months.  
  Net Loss per Share 
  In accordance with the   Earnings Per Share   Topic of the FASB ASC, basic net income or loss per share is calculated using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share includes the impact of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares were issued. Potentially dilutive securities are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data): 

The following table summarizes instruments that may be convertible into common shares that are not included in the denominator used in the diluted net loss per share calculation because to do so would be anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

Restructuring and Exit Costs 
  Restructuring and exit costs involve employee-related termination costs, facility exit costs and other costs associated with restructuring activities. The Company accounts for charges resulting from operational restructuring actions in accordance with ASC Topic 420,   Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations   ( ASC 420 ) and ASC Topic 712,   Compensation-Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits   ( ASC 712 ). 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The recognition of restructuring costs requires the Company to make certain assumptions related to the amounts of employee severance benefits, the time period over which leased facilities will remain vacant and expected sublease terms and discount rates. Estimates and assumptions are based on the best information available at the time the obligation arises. These estimates are reviewed and revised as facts and circumstances dictate; changes in these estimates could have a material effect on the amount accrued in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . The standard provides companies with a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance. The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the required adoption date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. As a result of the deferred effective date, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date of the new standard of the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The following ASUs were subsequently issued by the FASB to clarify the implementation guidance in some areas and add practical expedients: In March 2016, ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Principal versus Agent Considerations;   in April 2016, ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;   in May 2016, ASU 2016-11,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers and Derivatives and Hedging - Rescission of SEC Guidance;   and ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . The Company is in the process of evaluating the transition method that will be elected and the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  . The standard requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating leases. A lessee should recognize in its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which changes the accounting for employee share-based payments, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits associated with share-based payment awards will be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or settle, rather than in stockholders  equity. In addition, it will increase the number of shares an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on share-based payment awards and still qualify for the exemption to liability classification. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of fiscal 2017. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its financial statements. 
  In August, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which provides guidance on the presentation and classification in the statement of cash flows for eight specific cash flow issues. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its statements of cash flows. 
  There have been no other recent accounting standards, or changes in accounting standards, during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared with the recent accounting standards described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, that are of material significance, or have potential material significance, to the Company. 
  
   11 

Table of Contents  

Note 2   Balance Sheet Details (in thousands) 
  Inventories, net 

Warranty 
  Activity in the warranty reserve, which is included in  accounts payable and accrued liabilities  in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, is as follows: 

Goodwill 
  The change in the carrying amount of goodwill from December 31,   2015   to   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Note 3   Sale of Microelectronics Product Line 
  On April 27, 2016, the Company sold the assets and certain liabilities comprising its microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation, a privately-held Delaware corporation. The transaction purchase price was   $21.0 million  , subject to a working capital adjustment and a one year   $1.5 million   escrow holdback on the purchase price.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The assets sold were primarily comprised of inventory, accounts receivable and property and equipment. The current liabilities sold were comprised mainly of deferred revenue, accounts payable and other current liabilities. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company met the held for sale criteria in accordance with ASC Topic 380,   Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets,   and     the Company ceased depreciation on the property and equipment and classified the assets to be sold as held for sale. During the second quarter of 2016, all assets and liabilities formerly classified as held for sale were disposed of pursuant to the sale. The sale of the microelectronics product line did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. As such, the Company did not account for the disposition as a discontinued operation. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a gain of   $6.7 million   related to the sale of the microelectronics product line. 
  In connection with the sale of the microelectronics product line, the Company guaranteed the future operating lease commitment related to the facility formerly occupied by the microelectronics product line, which was assumed by the buyer. The Company is obligated to perform under the guarantee if Data Device Corporation defaults on the lease at any time during the remainder of the lease agreement. The lease had a remaining lease term of   fifteen   months from the date of sale and expires on July 31, 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the undiscounted maximum amount of potential future payments under the lease guarantee is   $0.9 million  . The Company assessed the probability that the Company will be required to make payments under the terms of the guarantee based upon its actual and expected loss experience. Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC 460,   Guarantees,   the Company has not recorded a liability on its consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 as a loss is not considered probable.  
   
  Note 4   Restructuring and Exit Costs  
  In 2015, the Company initiated a restructuring plan to consolidate U.S. manufacturing operations and to reduce headcount and operating expenses in order to align the Company s cost structure with the current business forecast and to improve operational efficiency. The plan also included the potential disposition of the Company s microelectronics product line which was committed to in the first quarter of 2016 and subsequently completed in April 2016. The restructuring plan was otherwise substantially completed in the first quarter of 2016. Total restructuring charges were   $2.8 million  , which includes   $1.3 million   in facilities costs related to the consolidation of manufacturing operations,   $1.2 million   in employee severance costs and   $0.3 million   in other exit costs. The Company also incurred   $0.6 million   in accelerated equipment depreciation expense related to the consolidation of manufacturing operations. Total cash expenditures related to restructuring activities were approximately   $1.5 million  . 
  The Company accounts for charges resulting from restructuring and exit activities in accordance with ASC Topic 420,   Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations   ( ASC 420 ), and ASC Topic 712,   Compensation-Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits,   for employee termination benefits to be paid in accordance with its ongoing employee termination benefit arrangement. 
  In June 2015, the Company ceased use of approximately   60,000   square feet of its Peoria, AZ manufacturing facility, and determined this leased space would have no future economic benefit to the Company based on the current business forecast. As a result, in June 2015, the Company recorded a liability for the future rent obligation associated with this space, net of estimated sublease income, in accordance with ASC Topic 420. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the expense related to the exit of this leased space was   $1.2 million  , before tax, and was recorded as a component of the total restructuring charge. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an additional restructuring charge of   $0.1 million   related to a revision to the sublease income assumption.  
  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash payments in connection with the restructuring plan were   $26,000   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, primarily related to employee severance costs and other exit costs. During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , cash payments in connection with the restructuring plan were   $0.7 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively, primarily related to employee severance costs.  
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded net charges related to its restructuring plan of   $0.3 million   within  restructuring and exit costs  and also recorded   $0.1 million   of accelerated depreciation expense within  cost of revenue  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.   No   restructuring or related charges were recorded during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded net charges related to its restructuring plan of   $56,000   and   $2.4 million  , respectively, within  restructuring and exit costs  and also recorded   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, of accelerated depreciation expense within  cost of revenue  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the restructuring liability associated with lease obligation costs of   $0.2 million   is recorded in  accounts payable and accrued liabilities  and   $0.7 million   of lease obligation costs is recorded in  other long term liabilities  in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the restructuring and exit costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Note 5   Credit Facilities 
  Revolving Line of Credit 
  In July 2015, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with East West Bank ( EWB ), whereby EWB made available to the Company a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit (the  Revolving Line of Credit ). The Revolving Line of Credit is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a)   $25.0 million  ; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As of   September 30, 2016   the amount available under the Revolving Line of Credit was   $10.7 million  . In general, amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit are secured by a lien on all of the Company s assets, including its intellectual property, as well as a pledge of   100%   of its equity interests in Maxwell SA. The obligations under the Loan Agreement are also guaranteed directly by Maxwell SA. The Revolving Line of Credit will mature on July 3, 2018. In the event that the Company is in violation of the representations, warranties and covenants made in the Loan Agreement, including certain financial covenants set forth therein, the Company may not be able to utilize the Revolving Line of Credit or repayment of amounts owed pursuant to the Loan Agreement could be accelerated. The Company is currently in compliance with the financial covenants that it is required to meet during the term of the credit agreement including the minimum four-quarter rolling EBITDA, quarterly minimum quick ratio and monthly minimum cash requirements. On October 31, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement to modify certain financial covenants. 
  Amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit bear interest, payable monthly. Such interest shall accrue based upon, at the Company s election, subject to certain limitations, either a Prime Rate plus a margin ranging from   0%   to   0.50%   or the LIBOR Rate plus a margin ranging from   2.75%   to   3.25%  , the specific rate for each as determined based upon the Company s leverage ratio from time to time.  
  The Company is required to pay an annual commitment fee equal to   $125,000  , and an unused commitment fee of the average daily unused amount of the Revolving Line of Credit, payable monthly, equal to a per annum rate in a range of   0.30%   to   0.50%  , as determined by the Company s leverage ratio on the last day of the previous fiscal quarter. No amounts have been borrowed under this Revolving Line of Credit as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Former Credit Facility 
  In December 2011, the Company obtained a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit (the  Former Revolving Line of Credit ) and an equipment term loan (the  Equipment Term Loan ) (together, the  Former Credit Facility ). Borrowings under the Former Credit Facility bore interest, payable monthly, at either (i) the bank s prime rate or (ii) LIBOR plus   2.25%  , at the Company s option, subject to certain limitations. The balance of the Equipment Term Loan was paid in full by the maturity date of April 30, 2015. Concurrently with entering into the Loan Agreement described above, in July 2015, the Company repaid all outstanding loans under the Former Revolving Line of Credit and the Former Credit Facility was terminated. The Company did not incur any early termination or prepayment penalties under the Former Credit Facility in connection with the above transactions.  
  Other Long-term Borrowings 
  The Company has various financing agreements for vehicles. These agreements are for up to an original   three   year repayment period with interest rates ranging from   0.9%   to   3.9%  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $100,000   and   $91,000  , respectively, was outstanding under these financing agreements. 
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

Note 6   Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company records certain financial instruments at fair value in accordance with the   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   Topic of the FASB ASC. Historically, the financial instruments to which this topic applied were foreign currency forward contracts and the fair value of these foreign currency forward contracts was recorded as a liability or asset in the consolidated balance sheets. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company ceased using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure as management determined its foreign currency exposure is no longer significant. Therefore, no foreign currency forward contracts were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts was an asset of   $16,000   which was recorded in  trade and other accounts receivable  in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of these derivative instruments was measured using models following quoted market prices in active markets for identical instruments, which is a Level 2 input under the fair value hierarchy of the   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   Topic of the FASB ASC.  
  The carrying value of short-term and long-term borrowings approximates fair value because of the relative short maturity of these instruments and the interest rates the Company could currently obtain. 
   
  Note 7   Foreign Currency Derivative Instruments 
  The Company has historically used forward contracts to hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities, primarily receivables, payables and cash balances, denominated in foreign currencies. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company ceased using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure as management determined its foreign currency exposure is no longer significant. The change in fair value of these forward contracts represented a natural hedge as gains and losses on these instruments partially offset the changes in the fair value of the underlying monetary assets and liabilities due to movements in currency exchange rates. These forward contracts generally expired in one month. These contracts were considered economic hedges but were not designated as hedges under the   Derivatives and Hedging Topic   of the FASB ASC, therefore, the change in the fair value of the instrument was recognized each period in the consolidated statement of operations.  
  The net gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts included in  foreign currency exchange (gain) loss, net  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations are as follows (in thousands): 

The net gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts were partially offset by net gains and losses on the underlying monetary assets and liabilities. Foreign currency gains and losses on those underlying monetary assets and liabilities included in  foreign currency exchange (gain) loss, net  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations are as follows (in thousands): 

The following table presents gross amounts, amounts offset and net amounts presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheet for the Company s derivative instruments measured at fair value (in thousands): 

The Company had the legal right to offset these recognized assets and liabilities upon settlement of the derivative instruments. For additional information, refer to Note 6   Fair Value Measurements. 
   
  Note 8   Stock Plans 
  The Company has   two   active stock-based compensation plans as of   September 30, 2016  : the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan under which incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units can be granted to employees and non-employee directors. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The Company generally issues the majority of employee stock compensation grants in the first quarter of the year; other grants issued during the year are typically for new employees or non-employee directors. 
  Stock Options 
  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   no   stock options were granted. During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company granted   58,641   and   321,844   stock options, respectively, which had an average grant date fair value per share of   $2.44   and   $2.32  , respectively. Compensation expense recognized for stock options for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $49,000   and   $75,000  , respectively. Compensation expense recognized for stock options for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $134,000   and   $156,000  , respectively. The fair value of the stock options granted during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Restricted Stock Awards 
  Beginning in 2014, the Company ceased granting restricted stock awards ( RSAs ) and began granting restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to employees as part of its annual equity incentive award program, therefore, no restricted stock awards were issued during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   or   2015  . During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , compensation expense related to RSAs was   $0.2 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , compensation expense recognized for RSAs was   $0.2 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively. During the first quarter of 2016, there were significant reversals of previously recorded expense due to terminations under the Company s restructuring plan as well as other employee terminations. 
  Restricted Stock Units 
  Non-employee directors receive annual RSU awards, normally in February of each year, as part of their annual retainer compensation. These awards vest   one   year from the date of grant provided the non-employee director provides continued service. Additionally, new directors normally receive RSUs upon their election to the board. The Company also grants RSUs to employees as part of its annual equity incentive award program, with vesting typically in equal annual installments over   four   years of continuous service. Additionally, the Company grants performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ) to executives with vesting contingent on continued service and achievement of specified performance objectives or relative stock price targets. Each restricted stock unit represents the right to receive   one   unrestricted share of the Company s common stock upon vesting.  
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   49,116   service-based RSUs with an average grant date fair value of   $5.09   per share. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   1,236,747   RSUs of which   904,028   were service-based RSUs with an average grant date fair value of   $5.56   per share and   332,719   were PSUs with an average grant date fair value of   $7.50   per share.  
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company granted   40,190   service-based RSUs with an average grant date value of   $4.72   per share. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company granted   808,285   RSUs of which   593,454   were service-based RSUs with an average grant date value of   $6.98   per share and   214,831   were PSUs with an average grant date fair value of   $7.19   per share. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , PSUs granted included   286,495   market-condition restricted stock units.   No   market-condition PSUs were granted during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The market-condition PSUs will be earned based on the level of the Company s stock price performance against a determined market index over   one  ,   two   and   three   year performance periods. The market-condition PSUs have the potential to vest between   0%   and   200%   depending on the Company s stock price performance and the recipients must remain employed through the end of each performance period in order to vest. The fair value of the market-condition PSUs granted was calculated using a Monte Carlo valuation model with the following assumptions: 

The following table summarizes the amount of compensation expense recognized for RSUs for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  The 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) permits substantially all employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions, at   85%   of the lower of the trading price of the stock at the beginning or at the end of each   six   month offering period. The number of shares purchased is based on participants  contributions made during the offering period.  
  Compensation expense recognized for the ESPP for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $53,000   and   $60,000  , respectively, and was   $189,000   and   $200,000  , respectively, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The fair value of the ESPP shares for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model for a call and a put option with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Bonuses to be Settled in Stock 
  On January 15, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Maxwell Technologies, Inc. Incentive Bonus Plan to enable participants to earn annual incentive bonuses based upon achievement of specified financial and strategic performance objectives. The Company intends to settle bonuses earned under the plan for the fiscal year 2016 performance period with fully vested common stock of the Company in the first quarter of 2017. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company decreased its estimate of bonus achievement related to the plan. The Company recorded   $(31,000)   and   $0.9 million   of stock compensation expense for these bonuses during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
  Stock-based compensation cost included in cost of revenue; selling, general and administrative expense; and research and development expense is as follows (in thousands): 

Note 9   Shelf Registration Statement  
  On June 3, 2014, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to, from time to time, sell up to an aggregate of   $125 million   of any combination of its common stock, warrants, debt securities or units. On June 30, 2014, the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC, which allows the Company to access the capital markets for the three year period following this effective date. On April 23, 2015, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement ( Sales Agreement ) with Cowen and Company, LLC ( Cowen ) pursuant to which the Company could sell, at its option, up to an aggregate of   $10.0 million   in shares of common stock through Cowen, as sales agent. Under the Sales Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Cowen a commission equal to   3.0%   of the gross proceeds from the sale of shares of the Company s common stock.  
  On   June 11, 2015  , the Company completed the sale of approximately   $10.0 million   of the company s common stock and terminated the offering. Approximately   1.83 million   shares were sold in the offering at an average share price of   $5.46  . During the second quarter of 2015, the Company received net proceeds of   $9.6 million   after commissions and offering costs of   $0.4 million  . 
   
  Note 10   Defined Benefit Plan 
  Maxwell SA has a retirement plan that is classified as a defined benefit pension plan. The employee pension benefit is based on compensation, length of service and credited investment earnings. The plan guarantees both a minimum rate of return as well as minimum annuity purchase rates. The Company s funding policy with respect to the pension plan is to contribute the amount required by Swiss law, using the required percentage applied to the employee s compensation. In addition, participating employees are required to contribute to the pension plan. This plan has a measurement date of December 31. 
  Components of net periodic pension cost (benefit) are as follows (in thousands): 

Employer contributions of   $0.1 million   were paid during each of the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Employer contributions of   $0.5 million   were paid during each of the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Additional employer contributions of approximately   $0.1 million   are expected to be paid during the remainder of fiscal   2016  . 
   
  Note 11   Legal Proceedings  
  Although the Company expects to incur legal fees in connection with the below legal proceedings, the Company is unable to estimate the amount of such legal fees and therefore, such fees will be expensed in the period the legal services are performed. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

FCPA Matter 
  In January 2011, the Company reached settlements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) with respect to charges asserted by the SEC and DOJ relating to the anti-bribery, books and records, internal controls, and disclosure provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ) and other securities laws violations. The Company paid the monetary penalties under these settlements in installments such that all monetary penalties were paid in full by January 2013. With respect to the DOJ charges, a judgment of dismissal was issued in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California on March 28, 2014. 
  On October 15, 2013, the Company received an informal notice from the DOJ that an indictment against the former Senior Vice President and General Manager of its Swiss subsidiary had been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The indictment is against the individual, a former officer, and not against the Company and the Company does not foresee that further penalties or fines could be assessed against it as a corporate entity for this matter. However, the Company may be required throughout the term of the action to advance the legal fees and costs incurred by the individual defendant and to incur other financial obligations. While the Company maintains directors  and officers  insurance policies which are intended to cover legal expenses related to its indemnification obligations in situations such as these, the Company cannot determine if and to what extent the insurance policy will cover the ongoing legal fees for this matter. Accordingly, the legal fees that may be incurred by the Company in defending this former officer could have a material impact on its financial condition and results of operation. 
  Swiss Bribery Matter 
  In August 2013, the Company s Swiss subsidiary was served with a search warrant from the Swiss federal prosecutor s office. At the end of the search, the Swiss federal prosecutor presented the Company with a listing of the materials gathered by the representatives and then removed the materials from its premises for keeping at the prosecutor s office. Based upon the Company s exposure to the case, the Company believes this action to be related to the same or similar facts and circumstances as the FCPA action previously settled with the SEC and the DOJ. During initial discussions, the Swiss prosecutor has acknowledged both the existence of the Company s deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ and its cooperation efforts thereunder, both of which should have a positive impact on discussions going forward. Additionally, other than the activities previously reviewed in conjunction with the SEC and DOJ matters under the FCPA, the Company has no reason to believe that additional facts or circumstances are under review by the Swiss authorities. To date, the Swiss prosecutor has not issued its formal decision as to whether the charges will be brought against individuals or the Company or whether the proceeding will be abandoned. At this stage in the investigation, the Company is currently unable to determine the extent to which it will be subject to fines in accordance with Swiss bribery laws and what additional expenses will be incurred in order to defend this matter. As such, the Company cannot determine whether there is a reasonable possibility that a loss will be incurred nor can it estimate the range of any such potential loss. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued an amount for any potential loss associated with this action, but an adverse result could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operation. 
  Government Investigations 
  In early 2013, the Company voluntarily provided information to the SEC and the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of California related to its announcement that it intended to file restated financial statements for fiscal years 2011 and 2012. On June 11, 2015 and June 16, 2016, the Company received subpoenas from the SEC requesting certain documents related to, among other things, the facts and circumstances surrounding the restated financial statements. The Company has provided documents and information to the SEC in response to the subpoenas and continues to cooperate with the SEC. On September 6, 2016, the Company entered into a tolling agreement effective for the period beginning on September 12, 2016, and running through June 30, 2017, with the SEC related to these matters. At this stage, the Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this investigation or whether it will result in any loss. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued an amount for any potential loss associated with this action, but an adverse result could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operation. 
  
   19 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  Maxwell,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Maxwell Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All references to  Maxwell SA  refer to our Swiss subsidiary, Maxwell Technologies, SA. 
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Some of the statements contained in this document and incorporated herein by reference discuss our plans and strategies for our business or make other forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   plans,   intends,   may,   could,   will,   continue,   seek,   should,   would  and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them. These forward-looking statements reflect the current views and beliefs of our management; however, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our statements. Such risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    our ability to remain competitive and stimulate customer demand through successful introduction of new products, and to educate our prospective customers on the products we offer; 
                
    dependence upon the sale of products to a small number of customers and vertical markets, some of which are heavily dependent on government funding or government subsidy programs which could be reduced, modified or discontinued in the future; 
                
    dependence upon the sale of products into Asia and Europe, where macroeconomic factors outside our control may adversely affect our sales;  
                
    downward pressures on product pricing from increased competition and shifts in sales mix with respect to low margin and high margin business; 
                
    risks related to our international operations including, but not limited to, our ability to adequately comply with the changing rules and regulations in countries where our business is conducted, our ability to oversee and control our foreign subsidiaries and their operations, our ability to effectively manage foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations arising from our international operations, and our ability to continue to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act as well as the anti-bribery laws of foreign jurisdictions; 
                
    risk that our restructuring efforts may not be successful and that we may not be able to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits; 
                
    successful acquisition, development and retention of key personnel; 
                
    our ability to effectively manage our reliance upon certain suppliers of key component parts, specialty equipment and logistical services; 
                
    our ability to match production volume to actual customer demand; 
                
    our ability to manage product quality problems; 
                
    our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and to defend claims against us; 
                
    our ability to effectively identify, enter into, manage and benefit from strategic alliances; 
                
    occurrence of a catastrophic event at any of our facilities; 
                
    occurrence of a technology systems failure, network disruption, or breach in data security; 
                
    our ability to obtain sufficient capital to meet our operating or other needs; and, 
                
    our ability to manage and minimize the impact of unfavorable legal proceedings.  
     Many of these factors are beyond our control. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will not incur new or additional unforeseen costs in connection with the ongoing conduct of our business. Accordingly, any forward-looking statements included herein do not purport to be predictions of future events or circumstances and may not be realized. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

For a discussion of important risks associated with an investment in our securities, including factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations referred to in the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A, of this document and Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,   2015  . We do not have any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  Overview 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
             
    Executive Overview 
                
    Current Year Highlights 
                
    Results of Operations 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                
    Critical Accounting Estimates 
                
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
                
    Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
     Executive Overview 
  Maxwell is a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing energy storage and power delivery products for transportation, industrial, information technology and other applications. Our products are designed and manufactured to perform reliably with minimal maintenance for the life of the applications into which they are integrated. We believe that this  life-of-the-application  reliability gives our products a competitive advantage and enables them to command higher profit margins than commodity products. We have two product lines: ultracapacitors with applications in multiple industries, including transportation and renewable energy and high-voltage capacitors applied mainly in electrical utility infrastructure. In April 2016, we sold the assets and certain liabilities of a third product line, radiation-hardened microelectronic products for space and satellite applications. 
  Our primary objective is to grow revenue and profit margins by creating and satisfying demand for ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions. We are focusing on establishing and expanding market opportunities for ultracapacitors and being the preferred supplier for ultracapacitor products worldwide. We believe that the transportation industry represents the largest market opportunity for ultracapacitors, primarily for applications related to engine starting, electrical system augmentation, and braking energy recuperation and hybrid electric drive systems for transit vehicles, trucks and autos, and electric rail vehicles. Backup power and power quality applications, including instantly available power for uninterruptible power supply systems, and stabilizing the output of renewable energy generation systems may also represent significant market opportunities. In addition to expanding and growing our opportunities for ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, we are also focused on demonstrating the ability of our core technology to satisfy the increasing performance demands for other energy storage products, such as lithium ion battery cells. To that end, in 2016, we entered into a  proof of concept  joint development agreement and will share the short-term costs of developing this technology with an automotive manufacturer. 
  We also seek to expand market opportunities and revenue for our high-voltage capacitors. The market for high-voltage capacitors consists mainly of expansion, upgrading and maintenance of existing electrical utility infrastructure and new infrastructure installations in developing countries. Such installations are capital-intensive and frequently are subject to regulation, availability of government funding and general economic conditions.  
  In 2015, we initiated a restructuring plan to consolidate U.S. manufacturing operations and to reduce headcount and operating expenses in order to align our cost structure with the current business forecast and to improve operational efficiency. The plan also included the potential disposition of our microelectronics product line which was committed to in the first quarter of 2016 and subsequently completed in April 2016. The cost savings resulting from the restructuring activities is approximately $5 million to $6 million per year. The restructuring plan was substantially completed in the first quarter of 2016, other than the disposition of our microelectronics product line which was completed in the second quarter of 2016.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

In the   third quarter   of   2016  , revenue was   $25.5 million  , representing an overall decrease of   43%   compared with   $45.1 million   in the same period one year ago. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower revenue for our ultracapacitor products, for which revenue decreased by   56%   to   $14.0 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   from   $31.8 million   in the   third quarter   of   2015  . The decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue was primarily due to decreased sales of hybrid transit vehicle applications which were negatively impacted by changes in the China government subsidy program and other market factors. Additionally, revenue for wind energy applications decreased due to grid capacity and infrastructure constraints in China as well as localized government limitations on wind power in China. 
  Revenue for our high-voltage capacitor products was   $11.5 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  , representing an increase of   12%   compared with   $10.3 million   for the same period in the prior year. Due to the sale of the microelectronics product line in April 2016, there was no microelectronics product revenue for the   third quarter of 2016   compared with   $3.0 million   for the   third quarter of 2015  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $27.8 million  . Management believes that this available cash balance will be sufficient to fund our operations, obligations as they become due, and capital investments for at least the next twelve months. In addition, we have a revolving line of credit available up to a maximum of $25.0 million, subject to a borrowing base limitation, and we have not borrowed any amounts under this facility to date. In the future, we may decide to supplement existing cash and planned cash flow from operations by borrowing funds or by issuing additional debt or equity.  
  Overall gross margin during the quarter decreased to   30%   compared with   32%   in the   third quarter   of   2015  , primarily associated with a change in product mix which no longer includes sales of higher margin microelectronics products and an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales volume. Operating expenses in the   third quarter   of   2016   increased to   54%   of revenue, compared with   33%   of revenue in the same period one year ago, primarily attributable to significantly lower revenue in the third quarter of 2016, partially offset by lower operating expenses due to our restructuring and cost reduction efforts. 
  Going forward, we will continue to focus on growing our business and strengthening our market leadership and brand recognition through further penetration of existing markets, entry into new markets and development of new products. Our primary focus will be to grow our ultracapacitor business by increasing sales into primary applications, including transportation, renewable energy and backup power. In order to achieve our growth objectives, we will need to overcome risks and challenges facing our business.  
  A significant challenge we face is our ability to manage dependence on a small number of vertical markets, including some that are driven by government policies and subsidy programs. For example, a large portion of our current ultracapacitor business is concentrated in the Chinese hybrid transit bus and wind energy markets, which are heavily dependent on government regulation and subsidy programs. These markets may decline or experience slower rates of growth when there are changes or delays in government policies and subsidy programs. In mid-2013, the Chinese government subsidy program which provided subsidies for diesel-electric hybrid buses concluded. The Chinese government then put into place another subsidy program which did not include subsidies for diesel-electric hybrid buses. However, our Chinese bus customers then began incorporating our ultracapacitor products into plug-in hybrid buses, which were subsidized by the revised subsidy program. At the end of 2015, the Chinese government subsidy program which provided subsidies for large diesel-electric hybrid buses was renewed for 2016, but at a reduced reimbursement rate. Additionally, in 2016, the Chinese government put into place a new subsidy program for medium diesel-electric hybrid buses, however, we are unsure if we will be able to capture the benefit of this new program. More recently, the China government is contemplating additional changes to the subsidy program and the possibility of requiring the procurement of certain components of energy storage solutions in hybrid transit vehicles to be locally sourced in China in order to be eligible for subsidies. For 2016 and beyond, we have seen and may continue to see variability in revenue as a result of uncertainty regarding how these changes and potential changes to the China government subsidy will impact our sales into the hybrid transit vehicle market. 
  We have also begun to experience significant pricing pressure for ultracapacitors in the Chinese hybrid transit vehicle market and wind energy market, which has historically represented a significant portion of our sales, as a result of changes in the government subsidy program and other market factors. In order to remain competitive, we may be required to lower our prices, maintain a stronger local presence, or provide more favorable sales terms to our customers. We remain focused on reducing the cost of producing our ultracapacitors in order to offset in part the lower prices we are now offering in this particular market. However, in the short-term, our cost reduction efforts are not expected to fully offset the impact of these lower prices. 
  Although we believe the long-term prospects for the automotive, wind and hybrid transit markets remain positive, we are pursuing growth opportunities for our products in other vertical markets, including applications for backup power, power quality, rail, grid and heavy vehicle engine starting in order to further diversify our market presence and augment our long-term growth prospects. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Other significant risks and challenges we face include the ability to achieve profitability; the ability to develop our management team, product development infrastructure and manufacturing capacity to facilitate growth; competing technologies that may capture market share and interfere with our planned growth; difficulties in executing our restructuring plan; and hiring, developing and retaining key personnel critical to the execution of our strategy. We will be attentive to these risks and will focus on developing new products and promoting the value proposition of our products versus competing technologies and trying to grow our revenue and profit in the years to come.  
  Current Year Highlights 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we continued to focus on introducing new products, winning new customers, developing new product applications, adjusting production capacity, reducing costs to align with near-term revenue forecasts, and improving production and other operational processes. Some of these efforts are described below: 
             
    In January, we announced that our ultracapacitors had been selected by Beijing Huadian Tianren Electric Power Control Technology Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Guodian Corporation, as the core component of a wind farm energy storage demonstration project. One of the five largest power producers in the country, China Guodian Corporation s system is the first megawatt (MW)-scale, ultracapacitor-based wind farm energy storage system in the world. 
                
    In February, we announced the newest addition to our K2 family with a 3-volt, 3,000-farad ultracapacitor cell. With 31 percent higher power than our leading 2.7-volt, 3,000-farad cell in the industry-standard 60 mm cylindrical form factor, customers now have the flexibility to either increase available power and energy in the same volume or significantly cost-optimize their system designs with fewer cells or modules while maintaining the same power and energy. 
                
    In March, Duke Energy, the largest electric power holding company in the United States, announced the commissioning of a new hybrid-energy storage system utilizing our ultracapacitors to manage solar smoothing events. 
                
    In April, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our microelectronics product line to Data Device Corporation, a subsidiary of ILC Industries, Inc. The transaction was completed on April 27, 2016.  
                
    In July, we announced that our ultracapacitors are being used for regenerative braking energy storage in the Beijing subway system. As part of the strategic partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation that we announced last year, we continue to collaborate to develop next-generation capacitive energy storage solutions for the China rail market. 
                
    In July, we entered into a 12-month joint development agreement with one of the world s leading automotive OEMs to develop a  proof of concept  that, if successful, could lead to the world s first electric drivetrain based on our technology, targeting a 2021 automotive platform launch.  

23 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  Comparison of Three and   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The following table presents certain unaudited statement of operations data expressed as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated: 

Net loss reported for the   third quarter of 2016   was   $6.9 million  , or   $0.21   per share, compared with a net loss of   $1.4 million  , or   $0.05   per share, in the same period one year ago. This increase in net loss was primarily driven by a decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue, mainly associated with lower sales for hybrid transit vehicle applications and wind energy applications in China, as well as the sale of our microelectronics product line in the second quarter of 2016. The decrease in revenue was partially offset by operating expense savings resulting from our restructuring and cost reduction efforts. 
  Net loss reported for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $11.5 million  , or   $0.36   per share, compared with a net loss of   $20.2 million  , or   $0.66   per share, in the same period one year ago. This decrease in net loss was primarily driven by a $6.7 million gain from the sale of our microelectronics product line, a $1.5 million benefit from the release of a foreign tax liability due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, and expense savings resulting from our restructuring and cost reduction efforts, partially offset by a decline in revenue and gross profit. 
  Revenue and Gross Profit 
  The following table presents a comparison of revenue, cost of revenue and gross profit for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages): 

Revenue.   During the   third quarter of 2016  , revenue decreased   43%   to   $25.5 million  , compared with   $45.1 million   in the same period one year ago. This decrease in revenue was primarily related to lower revenue for our ultracapacitor product line which decreased by   $17.8 million  , or   56%  , to   $14.0 million   from   $31.8 million  . The decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue was primarily due to decreased sales of hybrid transit vehicle applications which were negatively impacted by changes in the China government subsidy program and other market factors. Additionally, revenue for wind energy applications decreased due to grid capacity and infrastructure constraints in China as well as localized government limitations on wind power in China. The decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue for the   third quarter of 2016   was composed of lower volume of $18.7 million and lower prices of $0.3 million, offset by other changes primarily related to product mix of $1.2 million. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue for our high-voltage products increased by   $1.2 million   or   12%   to   $11.5 million   for the   third quarter of 2016  , compared with   $10.3 million   for the same period one year ago. This increase was primarily driven by increased infrastructure investment by the Chinese government. Due to the sale of the product line in April 2016, there was no microelectronics product revenue for the   third quarter of 2016   compared with   $3.0 million   for the same period in the prior year. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , revenue decreased   19%   to   $94.8 million  , compared with   $117.5 million   in the same period one year ago. This decrease in revenue was primarily related to lower revenue for our ultracapacitor product line which decreased by   $18.4 million  , or   24%  , to   $58.8 million   from   $77.2 million  . The decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue was primarily due to decreased sales for hybrid transit vehicle applications, partially offset by increased sales for rail transit applications. Hybrid transit vehicle sales were negatively impacted by changes in the China government subsidy program and other market factors. The decrease in ultracapacitor product revenue was composed of lower volume of $18.6 million and lower prices of $2.8 million, offset by other changes primarily related to product mix of $3.0 million. 
  Revenue for our high-voltage products decreased by   $1.3 million   to   $31.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $32.8 million   for the same period one year ago. Revenue for our microelectronics products decreased by   $3.0 million   to   $4.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $7.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , due to the sale of the product line in April 2016. 
  A substantial amount of our revenue is generated through our Swiss subsidiary which has a functional currency of the Swiss Franc. As such, reported revenue can be materially impacted by changes in exchange rates between the Swiss Franc and the U.S. Dollar, our reporting currency. Due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Swiss Franc during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the same periods one year ago, revenue was negatively impacted by $0.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively. 
  Gross Profit and Gross Margin.   During the   third quarter of 2016  , gross profit decreased   $6.6 million  , or   46%  , to   $7.6 million   compared with   $14.3 million   in the same period one year ago. This decrease in gross profit was primarily associated with lower revenue, primarily due to lower sales volume, and an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales volume. As a percentage of revenue, gross margin decreased to   30%   in the   third quarter of 2016   compared with   32%   in the same period one year ago. The decrease in gross margin was primarily associated with a change in product mix which no longer includes sales of higher margin microelectronics products and an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales volume. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , gross profit decreased   $9.5 million  , or   26%  , to   $27.3 million   compared with   $36.7 million   in the same period one year ago. This decrease was primarily associated with lower revenue, primarily due to lower sales volume, an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales volume, as well as a reduction in pricing for our ultracapacitor products. As a percentage of revenue, gross margin decreased to   29%   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   31%   in the same period one year ago. This decrease was primarily associated with a change in product mix which no longer includes sales of higher margin microelectronics products, an increase in product costs due to higher unabsorbed fixed costs associated with the lower sales volume, as well as a reduction in pricing for our ultracapacitor products. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
  The following table presents selling, general and administrative expense for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages): 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the   third quarter of 2016   decreased by   $0.7 million  , or   8%  , from the same period in   2015  . This decrease was primarily associated with a decrease of $0.9 million related to lower costs associated with the ongoing SEC and FCPA investigations, a decrease of $0.3 million in consulting costs driven by our cost reduction efforts, partially offset by an increase of $0.5 million due to a refund of value-added taxes related to operations in China recorded in the   third quarter of 2015  . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to   33%   of revenue, up from   20%   for the same period in   2015  , as revenue decreased more than expenses between the periods. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased by   $3.5 million  , or   12%  , from the same period in   2015  . This decrease primarily related to a decrease of $1.4 million in labor costs related to headcount reductions in connection with our restructuring and sale of the microelectronics product line, a decrease of $1.3 million related to the release of a foreign payroll tax liability due to the lapse of a statute of limitation, as well as other expense savings related to our restructuring and cost reduction efforts and sale of the microelectronics product line, including a decrease of $0.6 million in consulting costs and a decrease of $0.6 million in advertising and related costs. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of $0.7 million in stock compensation expense related to our 2016 bonus plan, whereas our bonus plan was suspended for 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to   29%   of revenue, up from   25%   for the same period in   2015  , as revenue decreased more than expenses between the periods. 
  Research and Development Expense 
  The following table presents research and development expense for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages): 

Research and development expenses for the   third quarter of 2016   decreased by   $0.6 million  , or   10%  , from the same period in   2015  . The decrease was primarily associated with a decrease of $0.5 million in tool and supply expenses primarily related to the sale of the microelectronics product line and a decrease of $0.4 million in labor and headcount-related costs primarily related to our restructuring and cost reduction efforts. Research and development expenses were   21%   of revenue, up from   13%   for the same period in   2015  , as revenue decreased more than expenses between the periods. 
  Research and development expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased by   $3.4 million  , or   17%  , from the same period in   2015  . The decrease was primarily associated with a decrease of $0.9 million in outsourced research and development services, a decrease of $0.8 million in labor and headcount-related costs primarily related to our restructuring and cost reduction efforts, an increase of $0.8 million in third-party funding under cost-sharing arrangements, a decrease of $0.5 million in expense for evaluation units supporting product demonstrations, and a decrease of $0.4 million in tool and supply expenses primarily related to the sale of the microelectronics product line. Research and development expenses were   17%   of revenue, consistent with   17%   for the same period in   2015  . 
  Restructuring and Exit Costs  
  In 2015, we initiated a restructuring plan to consolidate U.S. manufacturing operations and to reduce headcount and operating expenses in order to align our cost structure with the current business forecast and to improve operational efficiency. The plan also included the disposition of our microelectronics product line, which was completed in April 2016. The restructuring plan was otherwise substantially completed in the first quarter of 2016 and total restructuring charges were   $2.8 million   which included   $1.3 million   in facilities costs,   $1.2 million   in employee severance costs and   $0.3 million   for equipment relocation and inventory scrap as a direct result of the deconstruction of machinery. Total cash expenditures related to restructuring activities were approximately   $1.5 million  . 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded charges related to the restructuring plan of   $0.3 million  . No restructuring or related charges were recorded during the   third quarter of 2016  . 
  The following table summarizes restructuring and exit costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Provision for Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate differs from the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 34% primarily due to foreign income tax and the valuation allowance against our domestic deferred tax assets. 
  We recorded an income tax provision of   $0.8 million   and   $1.9 million   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared with   $0.9 million   and   $4.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. This provision is primarily related to taxes on income generated by our Swiss subsidiary. We record taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries  earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have recorded a $3.7 million deferred tax liability for Swiss withholding taxes associated with $73.5 million of undistributed earnings of our Swiss subsidiary that are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. In the event that we repatriate these funds, this withholding tax would become payable to the Swiss government.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , we have a cumulative valuation allowance of   $68.1 million   offsetting our worldwide net deferred tax assets of which the significant majority represents the valuation allowance on our U.S. net deferred tax asset. We have established a valuation allowance against our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. Management periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets and at such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that U.S. deferred tax assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Changes in Cash Flow 
  The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands):    

Net cash used in operating activities was   $14.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Cash used in operations related primarily to the net loss of   $11.5 million  , which included non-cash charges of   $4.4 million  , a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of   $16.7 million   related to lower procurement activity in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and an increase in inventory of   $7.2 million   related to timing differences in matching production to demand. These decreases in cash were partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of   $20.2 million   primarily related to the high volume of sales in the fourth quarter of 2015 which were then substantially collected in the first quarter of 2016.  
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $8.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash provided by operations related primarily to the net loss of $20.2 million, which included non-cash charges of $16.5 million, and a decrease in accounts receivable of $7.5 million. The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to the high volume of sales in the fourth quarter of 2014 which were then collected in the first quarter of 2015. In addition, there was a decrease in inventory of $3.7 million primarily associated with efforts to reduce our inventory levels. 
  Cash used in operating activities of   $14.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was in contrast to cash provided by operating activities of   $8.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , mainly due to a decrease in working capital during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   compared with an increase in working capital during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there was an increase in inventories related to timing differences in matching production to demand, whereas there was a decrease in inventories during the same period in 2015 primarily associated with efforts to reduce our inventory levels. In addition, there was a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with an increase during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily related to lower procurement activity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . These differences were partially offset by a larger decrease in accounts receivable during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to lower sales in the third quarter of 2016 compared with 2015. Cash used in operating activities was also affected by a higher net loss (net of non-cash items) for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Net cash provided by investing activities was   $15.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with cash used in investing activities of   $2.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Net cash provided by investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to proceeds from the sale of our microelectronics product line of   $20.5 million  , partially offset by capital expenditures of   $4.7 million  . Capital expenditures in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily focused on investments in our corporate research and development facility in San Diego, California. Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily related to capital expenditures which were primarily focused on investments in our manufacturing operations as well as investments in information technology infrastructure. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $0.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $5.8 million   used in financing activities for the same period in   2015  . Net cash provided by financing activities in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   resulted from proceeds from our employee stock purchase plan of   $0.6 million   and a decrease in restricted cash balances of   $0.3 million  . Net cash used in financing activities in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily resulted from net payments on long term and short term borrowings of   $15.8 million  , offset by net proceeds from our at-the-market equity offering of   $9.6 million   and proceeds from exercises of employee stock options and purchases under the employee stock purchase plan of   $0.9 million  .  
  Liquidity 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $27.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents, and working capital of   $61.9 million  . In July 2015, we entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank ( EWB ), whereby EWB made available to us a secured credit facility in the form of a Revolving Line of Credit. The Revolving Line of Credit is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a) $25.0 million; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As of   September 30, 2016  , the amount available under the under the Revolving Line of Credit was   $10.7 million  . No amounts have been borrowed under this Revolving Line of Credit as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  In addition, in June 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC to, from time to time, sell up to $125 million of our common stock, warrants, debt securities or units. On June 30, 2014, the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC, which allows us to access the capital markets for the three year period following this effective date. On April 23, 2015, we entered into an At-the-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement ( Sales Agreement ) with Cowen and Company, LLC ( Cowen ) pursuant to which we could sell, at our option, up to an aggregate of   $10.0 million   in shares of common stock through Cowen, as sales agent. Under the Sales Agreement, we agreed to pay Cowen a commission equal to   3.0%   of the gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock. On June 11, 2015, we completed the sale of approximately   $10.0 million   of our common stock and terminated the offering. Approximately   1.83 million   shares were sold in the offering at an average share price of   $5.46  . We received net proceeds of $9.6 million after commissions and offering costs of   $0.4 million  .  
  In April 2016, we completed the sale of the assets and certain liabilities of our microelectronics product line and received cash proceeds of   $20.5 million  , net of a $1.5 million holdback on the purchase price. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the amount of cash and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries was $23.1 million. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S. in the future, we may be required to pay taxes to repatriate these funds at a rate of approximately 5%. We have accrued the tax expense associated with the potential future repatriation of these funds. 
  Credit Facilities  
  Revolving Line of Credit 
  In July 2015, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) and related agreements with East West Bank ( EWB ), whereby EWB made available to us a secured credit facility in the form of a revolving line of credit (the  Revolving Line of Credit ). The Revolving Line of Credit is available up to a maximum of the lesser of: (a)   $25.0 million  ; or (b) a certain percentage of domestic and foreign trade receivables. As of   September 30, 2016  , the amount available under the Revolving Line of Credit was   $10.7 million  . In general, amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit are secured by a lien on all of our assets, including our intellectual property, as well as a pledge of   100%   of our equity interests in the Company s Swiss subsidiary. The obligations under the Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Swiss Subsidiary. The Revolving Line of Credit will mature on July 3, 2018. In the event that we are in violation of the representations, warranties and covenants made in the Loan Agreement, including certain financial covenants set forth therein, we may not be able to utilize the Revolving Line of Credit or repayment of amounts owed pursuant to the Loan Agreement could be accelerated. We are currently in compliance with the financial covenants that we are required to meet during the term of the credit agreement including the minimum four-quarter rolling EBITDA, quarterly minimum quick ratio and minimum cash requirements. On October 31, 2016, we entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement to modify certain financial covenants. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line of Credit bear interest, payable monthly. Such interest shall accrue based upon, at our election, subject to certain limitations, either a Prime Rate plus a margin or the LIBOR Rate plus a margin, ranging from 0% to 0.50% or the LIBOR Rate plus a margin ranging from 2.75% to 3.25%, the specific rate for each as determined based upon our leverage ratio from time to time.  
  We are required to pay an annual commitment fee equal to $125,000, and an unused commitment fee of the average daily unused amount of the Revolving Line of Credit, payable monthly, equal to a per annum rate in a range of 0.30% to 0.50%, as determined by our leverage ratio on the last day of the previous fiscal quarter. No amounts have been borrowed under this Revolving Line of Credit as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Former Credit Facility 
  In December 2011, we obtained a revolving line of credit and an equipment term loan (the  Former Revolving Line of Credit ), and an equipment term loan (the  Equipment Term Loan ) (together, the  Former Credit Facility ). Borrowings under the Former Credit Facility bore interest, payable monthly, at either (i) the bank s prime rate or (ii) LIBOR plus 2.25%, at our option subject to certain limitations. The balance of the Equipment Term Loan was paid in full by the maturity date of April 30, 2015. Concurrently with entering into the Loan Agreement described above, in July 2015, we repaid all outstanding loans under the Former Revolving Line of Credit and terminated the Former Credit Facility. We did not incur any early termination or prepayment penalties under the Former Credit Facility in connection with the above transactions. 
  Other long-term borrowings 
  We have various financing agreements for vehicles. These agreements are for up to an original three year repayment period with interest rates ranging from   0.9%   to   3.9%  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $100,000   and   $91,000   respectively, was outstanding under these financing agreements. 
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 1,   Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . We discuss our critical accounting estimates in Item 7,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no significant changes in our significant accounting policies or critical accounting estimates since the end of fiscal   2015  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . The standard provides companies with a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance. The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the required adoption date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. As a result of the deferred effective date, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date of the new standard of the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The following ASUs were subsequently issued by the FASB to clarify the implementation guidance in some areas and add practical expedients: In March 2016, ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Principal versus Agent Considerations;   in April 2016, ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;   in May 2016, ASU 2016-11,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers and Derivatives and Hedging - Rescission of SEC Guidance;   and ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . We are in the process of evaluating the transition method that will be elected and the impact of adoption of this standard on the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  . The standard requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating leases. A lessee should recognize in its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adoption of this standard on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   which changes the accounting for employee share-based payments, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the Statements of Cash Flows. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits associated with share-based payment awards will be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or settle, rather than in stockholders  equity. In addition, it will increase the number of shares an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on share-based payment awards and still qualify for the exemption to liability classification. The guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. We are in the process of evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In August, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which provides guidance on the presentation and classification in the statement of cash flows for eight specific cash flow issues. The guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material effect on our statements of cash flows. 
  There have been no other recent accounting standards, or changes in accounting standards, during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared with the recent accounting standards described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, that are of material significance, or have potential material significance, to us. 
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  None. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     We face exposure to financial market risks, including adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. These exposures may change over time and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. We have not entered into or invested in any instruments that are subject to market risk, except as follows: 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  Our primary foreign currency exposure is related to our subsidiary in Switzerland, Maxwell SA. Maxwell SA has Euro and local currency (Swiss Franc) revenue and operating expenses, as well as local currency loans. Changes in these currency exchange rates impact the reported amount (U.S. dollar) of revenue, expenses and debt.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the impact of a theoretical detrimental change in foreign currency exchange rates of 10% would result in a hypothetical loss of $0.1 million. For local currency debt carried by our Swiss subsidiary, the impact of a hypothetical 10% detrimental change in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a hypothetical loss of   $10,000  , which would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheet. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding balance under our Revolving Line of Credit. We have various financing agreements for vehicles. These agreements are for up to a five year repayment period with interest rates ranging from   0.9%   to   3.9%  . At   September 30, 2016  ,   $100,000   was outstanding under these financing agreements,   $56,000   of which is classified as long-term debt. As these borrowings are minor, changes in interest rates would not significantly impact our financial results.  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Risk 
  We had a net pension asset of   $6.3 million   and   $5.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of the last fair value measurement date of   December 31, 2015  , the net pension asset included plan assets with a fair value of $39.0 million. The plan assets consisted of 52% debt and equity securities, 43% real estate investment funds and 5% of cash and cash equivalents. The fair values of debt and equity securities are determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and are subject to interest rate risk. The fair value measurement of the real estate investment funds is subject to the real estate market forces in Switzerland. We manage our risk by having a diversified portfolio. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     We are committed to maintaining disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

31 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     The information set forth under Note 11 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this report, is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
           Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors  
     The following risk factor updates the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors described in the Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference.  
  Many of our customers are currently the benefactors of government funding or government subsidies.  
  Our products are currently sold into a limited number of vertical markets, some of which are either directly funded by or partially subsidized with government funding. Our ultracapacitor products provide numerous technology and environmental benefits for many of the applications in which our customers are using these products. As the use of our technology in certain applications is still relatively immature, the costs associated with producing the products is high as compared with the more mature solutions. However, many government entities have determined that they view certain prevailing interests, including, for example, reduction of pollution, to outweigh the economic costs associated with incorporating these clean technologies and therefore are willing to allocate government funding to encourage companies to produce goods which reduce pollution and energy consumption. For example, a large portion of our current ultracapacitor business is concentrated in the Chinese hybrid transit vehicle and wind energy markets, which are heavily dependent on government regulation and subsidy. These markets may experience volatility when there are changes or delays in government policies and subsidy programs that support our sales into these markets. For example, the requirements of the subsidy programs may change and these changes could result in our customers no longer being willing to integrate our products into their solutions. At the end of 2015, the Chinese government subsidy program which provided subsidies for large diesel-electric hybrid buses was renewed for 2016, but at a reduced reimbursement rate. Additionally, in 2016, the Chinese government put into place a new subsidy program for medium diesel-electric hybrid buses, however, we are unsure if we will be able to capture the benefit of this new program. More recently, the China government is contemplating additional changes to the subsidy program and the possibility of requiring the procurement of certain components of energy storage solutions in hybrid transit vehicles to be locally sourced in China in order to be eligible for subsidies. For 2016 and beyond, we may see variability in revenue as a result of uncertainty regarding how these potential changes to the China government subsidy will impact our sales into the hybrid transit vehicle market. 
  Items 2, 3 and 4 are not applicable and have been omitted. 
   
  Item 5.    Other Information. 
  On October 31, 2016, we entered into a third amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to our Loan and Security Agreement dated July 3, 2015, as amended from time to time, with East West Bank, to modify certain financial covenants. The Third Amendment decreases the adjusted quick ratio beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2017, and decreases the minimum EBITDA requirement beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016. The foregoing description of the Third Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Third Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated by reference herein. 
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
                        Exhibit Number 

Description of Document 

10.1 

Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2016, by and between East West Bank and Maxwell Technologies, Inc. * 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 

32 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 Certification), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 

101 

The following financial statements and footnotes from the Maxwell Technologies, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. * 

_________  
           *  
    Filed herewith. 
     
   33 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Franz Fink 

Franz Fink 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ David Lyle 

David Lyle 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

34 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 mxwl09301610qex101ewbamend.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1 EWB AMENDMENT

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

EXECUTION VERSION  
  THIRD AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  This Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (this    Amendment   ) is entered into as of October 31, 2016, by and between EAST WEST BANK (   Bank   ) and MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (   Borrower   ). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS, Borrower and Bank are parties to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2015, as amended by (i) the First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2016, , by and between Bank and Borrower and (ii) the Second Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 27, 2016, by and between Bank and Borrower (as amended from time to time, the    Loan Agreement      
  WHEREAS, Borrower has requested that Bank amend the Adjusted Quick Ratio and the minimum EBITDA financial covenants; and 
  WHEREAS, Bank is willing to agree to Borrower s requests, on the terms set forth herein; 
  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Amendment to Loan Agreement  .   
  (a)    Section 6.7 of the Loan Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
  6.7      Financial Covenants  .  Borrower shall at all times maintain the following financial ratios and covenants: 
  (a)      Adjusted Quick Ratio  .  A minimum  ratio of (i) Cash plus Accounts to (ii) Current Liabilities   plus   (to the extent not already included therein) all Indebtedness to Bank   less   Current Portion of Deferred Revenue, tested on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, as set forth below: 

(b)      Minimum EBITDA  .  A minimum EBITDA as the last day of each Fiscal Quarter for the two (2) Fiscal Quarters then ended, as set forth below:  

(c)      Minimum Consolidated Cash  .  A minimum Consolidated Cash as the last day of the first two (2) months of each Fiscal Quarter, of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000).  
  (b)      Exhibit E   to the Loan Agreement is amended to read as set forth in   Attachment  1    hereto. 
  2.      Course of Dealing  .   No course of dealing on the part of Bank or its officers, nor any failure or delay in the exercise of any right by Bank, shall operate as a waiver thereof, and any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude any later exercise of any such right.  Bank s failure at any time to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of the Loan Documents shall not affect any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance.  Any suspension or waiver of a right must be in writing signed by an officer of Bank. 
  3.      Miscellaneous  .  Unless otherwise defined, all initially capitalized terms in this Amendment shall be as defined in the Loan Agreement.  The Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and hereby is ratified and confirmed in all respects.  Except as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an amendment of, any right, power, or remedy of Bank under the Loan Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof. 
  4.      Representations and Warranties  .  Borrower represents and warrants that the Representations and Warranties contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct as of the date of this Amendment, and that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.   

5.      Conditions Precedent  .   As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment: 
  (a)    Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following: 
  (i)    this Amendment, duly executed by Borrower; 
  (ii)    a Corporate Borrowing Certificate with respect to incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery of this Amendment, substantially in the form attached hereto; and 
  (iii)    such other documents, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate; 
  (b)    The Swiss Subsidiary shall have consented to this Amendment and shall have reaffirmed its guaranty of the Obligations pursuant to the Swiss Subsidiary Guaranty Documents by executing this Amendment as set forth below;  
  (c)    Borrower shall have paid an amendment fee of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000), which shall be fully-earned and nonrefundable; and 
  (d)    Borrower shall have paid all reasonable Bank Expenses incurred through the date of this Amendment, which may be debited from any of Borrower's accounts. 
  6.      Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
  [  Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the first date above written. 
                   
    MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By:  __/s/ Franz Fink_________________ 
        
    Name:  __Franz Fink_________________ 
        
    Title:  __CEO_______________________ 

EAST WEST BANK 

By:  __/s/ Alexis Coyle_______________ 
        
    Name:  __Alexis Coyle_______________ 
        
    Title:  __Managing Director___________ 

[  Signature Page to Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement  ] 

The Swiss Subsidiary consents to the modifications to the Obligations pursuant to this Amendment, hereby ratifies the provisions of the Swiss Subsidiary Guaranty Documents and confirms that all provisions of Swiss Subsidiary Guaranty Documents are in full force and effect. 

MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES SA 

By:  ___/s/ Emily Lough________________ 
        
    Name:  _Emily Lough__________________ 
        
    Title:  _Director_______________________ 

[  Signature Page to Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement  ] 

ATTACHMENT 1 
  EXHIBIT E 
    
  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
           Please send all Required Reporting to: 
    Eric Berlin 
     East West Bank 
  555 Montgomery Street, 9   th    Floor 
  San Francisco, CA 94111 
  Eric.Berlin@eastwestbank.com 
           FROM: 
    MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
     The undersigned authorized Officer of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (   Borrower   ), hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement between Borrower and Bank (the    Agreement   ), (i) Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending                          with all required covenants, including without limitation the ongoing registration of intellectual property rights in accordance with Section 6.8, except as noted below and (ii) all representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof.  Attached herewith are the required documents supporting the above certification.  The Officer further certifies that these are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), where applicable, and are consistently applied from one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes. 
  Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No/N/A under  Complies  column. 
                       REPORTING COVENANTS 
    REQUIRED 
    COMPLIES 
      
      Company Prepared Monthly F/S 
  Company Prepared Quarterly F/S 
    Monthly, within 30 days 
  Quarterly, within 45 days 
    Yes 
  Yes 
    No 
  No 
    N/A 
  N/A 
      Compliance Certificate 
    Monthly, within 30 days 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      CPA Audited, Unqualified F/S, as set forth in 10-K 
    Annually, within 90 days of FYE 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      Borrowing Base Certificate 
    Monthly, within 15 days, when loan outstanding   $12,000,000; 
  Quarterly, within 15 days, when loan outstanding  = $12,000,000 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      A/R and A/P Agings 
    Monthly, within 15 days 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      Annual Business Plan 
    Annually, within 30 days of start of FY 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      Intellectual Property Report 
    Quarterly within 30 days 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      10-Q 
    Quarterly, within 5 days of SEC filing (50 days) 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 
      10-K 
    Annually, within 5 days of SEC filing (95 days) 
    Yes 
    No 
    N/A 

FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
    REQUIRED 
    ACTUAL 
    COMPLIES 

Minimum Consolidated Cash 
    $10,000,000 
    $__________ 
    Yes 
    No 
      
    N/A 
      Minimum Adjusted Quick Ratio (tested quarterly) 
    ______: 1.00 
    _____:1.00 
    Yes 
    No 
      
    N/A 
      2 Quarter Minimum EBITDA (tested quarterly) 
    $___________ 
    $__________ 
    Yes 
    No 
      
    N/A 

Total Leverage Ratio as of _________, 201_:     _________: 1.00. 
    
  Please Enter Below Comments Regarding Violations: 
  The Officer further acknowledges that at any time Borrower is not in compliance with all the terms set forth in the Agreement, including, without limitation, the financial covenants, no credit extensions will be made. 
  Very truly yours, 
  MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
                       
  Authorized Signer 
  Name:    _____________________________ 
  Title: ________________________________ 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 mxwl09301610qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  I, Franz Fink, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Franz Fink 

Franz Fink 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 mxwl09301610qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  I, David Lyle, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ David Lyle 

David Lyle 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 

Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 mxwl09301610qex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  Certification of Periodic Financial Report by the Principal Executive Officer and 
  Principal Financial Officer 
  Solely for the purpose of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that, based on our knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                       Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Franz Fink 

Franz Fink 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ David Lyle 

David Lyle 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 

Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mxwl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mxwl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mxwl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mxwl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mxwl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mxwl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

