<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161229_10-K_edgar_data_1097792_0001213900-16-019782_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6459738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>455944</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>384170</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1856914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2164706</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1398780</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>185</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019782.hdr.sgml : 20161229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161229172648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ominto, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001097792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				134067623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37639
		FILM NUMBER:		162075833

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1515 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 307
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-362-2393

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1515 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 307
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DubLi, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDIANET GROUP TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030522

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLAMSHELL ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991026

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019782.txt : 20161229

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_omintoinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549    

   FORM
10-K    

  ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

   For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016    

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT   

  For
the transition period from ______________ to _______________.   

   Commission
File Number: 0-49801    

   OMINTO,
INC.   

NEVADA    
         
        13-4067623     
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)  
         
      (IRS
    Employer 
    Identification No.)   

1515
S. Federal Highway, Suite 307   

   Boca
Raton, Florida 33432   

  (Address
of principal executive offices)  

   561-362-2393   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None   

  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

   Common
Stock, par value $0.001   

  (Title
of class)  

  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes    
      No   

  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes    
      No   

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes           No      

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    
     No      

  Indicate by
check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  

Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  

Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No          

 The aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold as of March 31, 2016 was $15.5 million.  

 As of December 15, 2016, 17,582,974
shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, were outstanding and 185,000 shares of the registrant s
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, were outstanding.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

PART I    

Item
    1.   
       Business   
      4   
 
       Item
    1A.   
       Risk
    Factors   
      13   
 
       Item
    1B.   
       Unresolved
    Staff Comments   
     28  
 
       Item
    2.   
       Properties   
     28  
 
       Item
    3.   
       Legal
    Proceedings   
     28  
 
       Item
    4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
     28  

PART II     

Item
    5.   
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      29   
 
       Item
    6.   
       Selected
    Financial Data   
      29   
 
       Item
    7.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      30   
 
       Item
    7A.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      45   
 
       Item
    8.   
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data   
      45   
 
       Item
    9.   
       Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      45   
 
       Item
    9A.   
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      45   
 
       Item
    9B.   
       Other
    Information   
      47   

PART III     

Item
    10.   
       Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
     48  
 
       Item
    11.   
       Executive
    Compensation   
     52  
 
       Item
    12.   
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
     59  
 
       Item
    13.   
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      60   
 
       Item
    14.   
       Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services   
     61  

PART IV     

Item
    15.   
       Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules   
     62  

Signatures   
     66  

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

The
discussion contained in this Form 10-K ( Report ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, ( Exchange
Act ), contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ significantly
from those discussed herein. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future,
which we indicate by words or phrases such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan, 
 will,   believe,   projects,   could,   would,  and similar expressions.
You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. The forward-looking statements
reflect our current view about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances
that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including the risks and uncertainties described in the section of this report titled  Risk
Factors .    

Factors
that could prevent us from achieving our goals and cause the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements and the actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements include, among other things:   

risks
    related to our ability to continue as a going concern being in doubt;    

our
    inability to generate enough customers or enough purchasing activity for our shopping websites;    

our
    inability to establish and maintain a large growing base of Business Associates;    

our
    failure to adapt to technological change;    

increased
    competition;    

increased
    operating costs;    

changes
    in legislation applicable to our business;    

our
    failure to improve our internal controls; and    

our
    inability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to secure capital to enable us to maintain our current operations
    or support our intended growth.    

All forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information
contained herein. Stockholders and potential investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although
we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this report
are reasonable, we cannot assure stockholders and potential investors that these plans, intentions and expectations will be achieved.
These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf.   

Information regarding market and industry statistics contained in this report is included based on information
available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on academic and other publications that are not produced for
purpose of securities offerings or economic analysis. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources
are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue
and market acceptance of products and services. Except as required by U.S. federal securities laws, we have no obligation to update
forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could affect those statements.  

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

Background
and Corporate Information   

Ominto,
Inc. (the  Company,   Ominto,   we,  or  us ) was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada on June 4, 1999 as Clamshell Enterprises, Inc., which name was changed to MediaNet Group Technologies,
Inc. in May 2003, then to DubLi, Inc. on September 25, 2012, and finally to Ominto, Inc. as of July 1, 2015. DubLi Network Limited
was merged into the Company, as its primary business in October 2009.  

Since March 2013, the Company s business operations consist of the operation of DubLi Network and the
operation of DubLi.com, a shopping platform which provides Cash Back ( Cash Back ) to customers on purchases made through
the site. The Company operates under both the Ominto.com and DubLi.com websites. 

The
Company s principal executive offices are located in Boca Raton, Florida. The Company s operating subsidiaries are:  

Dublicom
    Limited ( DUBLICOM ), a Cyprus limited company, which operates DubLi Network s white-label Cash Back
    shopping website;   

DubLi Network Limited ( DubLi Network ), a British Virgin Islands limited company, which operates Ominto s global network of Business Associates ( BAs );   

DubLi Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which holds certain rights to real estate in the Cayman Islands; and   

DubLi India Private Limited, a Haryana, India company, which operates Ominto s global network of Business Associates ( BAs ) in India.   

BSP Rewards Inc., a Florida corporation, which operates Ominto s Partner Program.   

Ominto India Private Limited, a New Delhi, India company, which operates Ominto s Cash Back shopping
website in India; and  

Ominto Limited, a limited company in Ireland, which operates Ominto s Cash Back shopping website.   

Business
Overview   

Our
Worldwide Cash Back Shopping Sites    

Ominto
is a global leader in online Cash Back shopping worldwide. The Company s shopping platform currently serves customers in
more than 100 countries. Using our consumer-adaptive e-commerce sites, shoppers can browse third-party websites with different
categories of products, featuring both international and local brands, travel, coupons, discounts and vouchers. The website is
one global site that allows customers to select their country and language and serves customers with merchants that are available
in their local country. Ominto s websites feature some of the world s most popular regional and international brands
including Amazon.in , Wal-Mart , Nike , Hotels.com , Groupon  and Expedia . We receive a commission
each time shoppers make a purchase on a third-party website through our shopping website. Ominto s e-commerce platform allows
consumers to shop at the same online stores they normally frequent and they earn Cash Back with each purchase through us.  

Ominto s offer of Cash Back
to shoppers on online shopping and travel purchases they would regularly make has universal appeal. We encourage shoppers to return
repeatedly in order to earn more Cash Back. Our shopping website is designed to be user-friendly, with intuitive design and navigation,
offering a broad selection and quality of merchants as well as digital coupons. We believe Ominto was first to market in many
countries including Denmark, Germany, Russia, Austria, North Africa and the United Arab Emirates with its Cash Back shopping and
travel e-commerce platform. We expect to continue with our aggressive expansion in many other international markets over the next
18 months. 

Our new Ominto.com shopping platform, launched in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, operates as a global site
tailored to country preference depending on where in the world the shopper is logging in, as recognized by the location of the
geo-IP. For example, when a customer logs in from Germany, the customer will only be offered merchants in Germany and merchants
who sell to Germany and will make his or her purchases in local currency. We support several languages on our hosted portion of
our shopping platform. Additionally, we will be able to personalize the shopping experience for our customers as described in more
detail below. 

We Personalize Our Shopping Websites :
The Company s personalized shopping platform delivers coupons, deals, and Cash Back to shoppers each time they use our platform
to shop online. Ominto partners with thousands of online merchants and travel booking sites globally to deliver relevant, personalized
saving opportunities to its shoppers. The new Ominto.com platform recognizes each customer s shopping locations as determined
by geo-IP and delivers a tailored shopping experience including local stores, language, currency, and relevant deals. As the shopper s
activities increase on our shopping websites over time, the level of personalization of the shopper s experiences will also
increase. By offering a shopping experience that becomes more customized and personal with increased usage, we can boost customer
loyalty which is a key differentiator in the increasingly competitive landscape of the Cash Back industry. The new platform also
includes a new mobile application which will allow us to offer discounts to shoppers on a real-time basis from most of the online
merchants with whom we work. 

We receive Cash Back from Merchants
and Pass it Along to Our Shoppers : We offer Cash Back to shoppers through relationships with thousands of merchants and travel
booking sites from around the world. Online retailers who join our shopping portal as participating merchants agree to pay commission
income to us on goods and services purchased through our shopping platform at their online stores. The commissions are based on
a set percentage of the completed customer purchase or a flat dollar amount for each transaction. We share a portion of those commissions
with our shoppers in the form of Cash Back. 

The amount of Cash Back a shopper receives
depends upon the merchant, and is subject to change at any time by our merchants. Our platform is flexible and our merchants can
offer extra discounts or Cash Back on demand. Ominto helps online retailers and brands to drive sales and acquire new customers
through our platform. Ominto enters into contracts with recognized industry leading affiliate networks ( Affiliates )
who have relationships with online retailers. Online retailers are able to identify consumer traffic referred by Ominto via our
Affiliate tracking links and subsequently measure the sales they realized from it. Our online retail partners pay a commission
to us only after a sale is completed. 

We Offer Custom Shopping Sites to
our Business Clients ( Partners ) : Ominto expects to generate revenue from unique online shopping websites powered
by our BSP Rewards Partner Program in two ways. First, we keep a portion of the commissions paid to us by online retailers from
our Partners  customer purchases. In addition, we receive separate fees from our Partners  custom shopping portals
powered by our platform. In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we launched a new website aimed more effectively to serving our
Partners. This more powerful website more easily and efficiently offers Partners a way to monetize existing customer databases,
as well as build greater loyalty with these customers. 

Partners can offer their own customers Cash Back benefits on qualifying purchases while they earn commissions
on sales driven by their participants. Partners can be for-profit or not-for-profit organizations and can offer the program to
customers, employees, investors and donors. We pass on to our Partners a portion of the commission we earn from merchants for purchases
by shoppers who have been referred by our Partners. Our co-branded sites include our Partner s name on the site, powered
by Ominto and reside on an Ominto URL. For Partners with less than 50,000 participants, we offer a co-branded site under our BSP
Rewards brand. 

For Partners with more than 50,000 participants
in their contact database, we offer a white-label version of the Ominto.com site. Our white label shopping and travel platform
gives our Partners a professional, reliable web presence that builds loyalty and allows them to monetize their current contact
database. The white-label site runs completely on the Partner s own URL with the Partner s own branding, although it
will be powered by our Ominto.com platform. 

Our largest white-label website is our
DubLi.com shopping site, used by DubLi Network s Business Associates ( BAs ) to market our co-branded sites to
companies and non-profit organizations with whom they have relationships under the BSP Rewards brand. Through the existing BA relationships,
they have referred over 1800 corporate and non-profit Partners in 30 countries. These Partners of DubLi Network s BAs have
the ability to market our shopping site to their own customers who enter our website through the referral link of our Partners. 

How We Help Our Partners Engage
with their Customers on our Shopping Site : Ominto assists its Partners in engaging with their customers or constituents by
providing them with sales materials such as seasonal promotional messaging, email campaigns and banner advertisements that are
designed to be quick and efficient to deploy. Our Partners can use these sales materials to direct their members and constituents
to their Partner Program website and receive compensation for resulting purchases made through the shopping website. The enhanced
online shopping experience offered to Partners' own members closely connects us both to our Partners and to their large and engaged
consumer base in what we believe is a minimally intrusive manner. 

We launched our new platform,
and offer an  Administration Dashboard  which allows each Partner to review metrics and track shopping activity and
commissions generated from their Partner site. Since each of our Partners approaches its own customers to use our shopping sites
for future purchases, and these customers already identify with the Partner s trusted brand, we believe that shopping activity
and loyalty at our website can be much higher for this group than non-referred traffic. We believe acquiring customers through
a Partner is cost-effective and efficient. The program also serves to extend the Partner's brand and motivates its customers to
return to its website again and again. 

Consumer
Shoppers Direct to our Site : While we do not aggressively market directly to shoppers, shoppers from around the world can
shop directly at our website and earn Cash Back from the various consumer products and travel brands available on our site.  

Why
Merchants Offer Cash Back : Our merchant partners are continually seeking to build traffic on their own shopping websites.
When evaluating the various forms of both online and offline advertising, they often select an affiliate marketing model which
includes the Cash Back Segment. Affiliate marketing is typically performance-based marketing in which online merchants reward
companies like Ominto by offering a payment for each referred customer who completes a purchase on its own shopping website. Affiliate
marketing (also called performance marketing or pay-for-performance) allows e-commerce retailers to maximize their return on investment
( ROI ) by leveraging the marketing efforts of other company websites to drive traffic to their own sites on a pay-for-performance
basis. We believe that commissions paid to us are smaller than traditional advertising expenditures and are cost effective for
merchants in delivering ROI. The sales tracking systems used in affiliate marketing measure customer behavior more accurately
than sales tracking available in connection with other forms of advertising. In addition, site visitors arising from affiliate
marketing are converted to customers at a higher rate than other site visitors. 

DubLi
Network - Network Marketing and Cash Back Shopping    

An Ominto subsidiary operates
DubLi Network, a worldwide network marketing business that allows entrepreneurs to build a business by marketing our DubLi.com
online shopping portal and co-branded Partner shopping sites. Our DubLi Network subsidiary offers membership subscription packages
to its BAs who are the Company s sales and marketing engine driving traffic to DubLi.com. 

Currently,
DubLi Network has BAs operating in almost 100 countries. We pay a commission to our BAs when the BA s customer makes a purchase
that originated on our DubLi.com shopping portal. BAs obtain their own customers with his/her marketing organization. BAs also
are encouraged to build an organization of other BAs. BAs are compensated for their own direct customers and customers of BAs
that are part of their organization. Each BA s success is dependent on shoppers associated with its organization shopping
at our online retailers from the DubLi.com or other co-branded BSP Rewards Partner Program sites. We believe our continued commitment
to enhance our DubLi.com shopping platform will improve our BAs  ability to attract both new shoppers and new down-line
BAs.  

We
believe DubLi Network creates opportunities for entrepreneurs to build global distributor organizations that offer shoppers, whether
enrolled by the BA or through one of our Partners, the opportunity to shop and receive Cash Back on purchases referred by the
DubLi.com shopping portal, or a co-branded Partner shopping site. DubLi Network offers people from all walks of life the opportunity
to build a career or second-income business by generating earnings from the products and services that consumers buy online every
day. The business rewards BAs for their sales and marketing efforts through a referral-based income program. We believe DubLi
Network has become one of the largest direct selling digital commerce companies in the world. As we expand into new countries,
our BAs share the growth opportunity with us.  

Success
of our Programs    

We
believe the factors that influence the success of our Cash Back shopping websites include the following:  

the
    number of merchants participating in the affiliate marketing channel;   

the
    number of unique visitors and number of total visits to our sites;   

our
    customer retention rates;   

the
    continued expansion of DubLi Network;   

the
    success of our Business Associates and our contribution to their success;   

our
    ability to competitively compensate Business Associates;   

the
    development of new products and services;   

the
    usability and acceptance of our new Cash Back program;   

the
    development of new advertising and marketing programs; and   

the
    ability of our Partners to better engage their customer databases.   

Industry   

Technology-enabled commerce both
online and through mobile devices has grown rapidly in the last ten years as consumers have changed how and where they research
products and make purchases. In 2012, global e-commerce sales topped $1 trillion for the first time. E-commerce has moved international
trade towards more convenience and freedom, facilitating cooperation between different countries, and incorporating both developed
and developing countries. Developing countries may currently be limited in their information technology ( IT ) infrastructure,
but in the long term we believe they will develop much-improved IT capabilities, closing the gap with more developed countries.
Countries like China and India offer a well-developed technology infrastructure for e-commerce transactions, particularly using
mobile devices.  

Despite the worldwide prevalence of
e-commerce, the Cash Back e-commerce model is not well understood by consumers and has yet to be embraced, especially in developing
markets. Ominto s success is dependent on its ability to educate consumers and change potential customers  behavior
by causing the customer to first visit an Ominto website and then be directed to a merchant s e-commerce site to shop rather
than navigating directly to the merchant s own website. Our new Ominto.com platform launched during the third quarter of
fiscal 2016 helps reduce the friction of this behavior change. The Company plans other technology launches in the near future to
broaden its offering. 

Competition   

We compete to attract both shoppers
seeking savings on their online purchases and to attract merchants seeking to increase sales and acquire new customers. These
markets are fragmented and rapidly changing, with limited barriers to entry. 

Ominto.com
Competition    

Our
competition for consumer traffic includes other Cash Back and loyalty websites, digital coupon websites and mobile applications,
all retail e-commerce sites, search engines, social networks and price-comparison shopping sites. We believe that our primary
competitors include:  

Ebates ,
    Mr. Rebates , and Shopathome    

Cartera
    Commerce, which offers its program through banks, airlines and credit card companies in the US and around the world; and   

To
    a lesser extent, digital coupon websites like RetailMeNot.com and Groupon.com that we believe attract consumers unfamiliar
    with Cash Back offerings.   

On
an international level, we compete against both traditional and online direct-selling companies for market share. Some of our
international competitors include:  

TopCashback,
    Qidco and Pouring Pounds (UK);    

Encashit,
Baggout, Cashkaro and Pennyful (India);   

ShopBack
(Singapore)     

DubLi
Network Competition    

DubLi Network faces competition
from an array of domestic and international direct selling and network marketing companies. We believe we benefit from a dual-purpose
business model in which we offer Cash Back to shoppers as well as provide a compelling earnings opportunity for Business Associates.
However, we often compete on a regional or national basis with competitors that have greater financial resources than we do. The
degree of competition in this segment of the industry varies widely from country to country. Some of our competitors in the Cash
Back niche include Cashback Kaboom, Market America s Shop.com and Lyoness . 

We
also compete to attract and retain BAs with network marketing companies engaged in other businesses. Our competitors promise competitive
earning opportunities to stand-out performers.  

What
Makes Us Different   

We
believe our competitive strengths are:  

Our Technology.   Ominto s innovative shopping platform has capabilities and features that differentiate our shopping
portals from our competitors. Not only will our platform tailor the shopper s experience based on his or her geographic location,
but we will customize the shopper s experience on Ominto portals based on the shopper s ongoing behaviors on the site.
This customized shopping experience is refined further based upon each shopper s activity on the portal. We believe that
offering the best online shopping experience for e-consumers will earn customer loyalty. In the highly competitive Cash Back shopping
industry, Cash Back amounts do not vary widely among our competitors. Therefore, differentiating ourselves from our competitors
is crucial for long term success and we believe that personalization is one of the best means to that end.   

Our
    e-commerce platform will be able to continually increase the personalization of the site visits for each user without asking
    the shopper to input personal information or fill out a questionnaire. This capability provides our merchants a pleasant way
    to upsell and cross-sell their entire inventory while presenting options to the shopper that are relevant to that shopper s
    preferences and tastes. This may include features such as personalization of the website content specifically for shoppers
    as well as automatic generation and delivery of customized email and direct message advertisements that are relevant to that
    particular shopper. Ominto will be able to deploy this technology across desktop computers and mobile devices. We believe
    that we are one of the few Cash Back sites to employ this level of sophisticated personalization. DubLi.com is powered by
    the new Ominto.com platform and will also enjoy the advantages of the enhanced platform and features.   

Exceptional
    Customer Service.   The personalized customer service offered by our Business Associates and our dedicated Ominto customer
    success team results in improved customer satisfaction.   

Variety
    and Quality of Merchants.   We are proud of the variety and quality of our merchants that include some of the most recognized
    brands in each geographic market. Our global acquisition team is tasked to continually seek out new merchants and maintain
    positive communication with our existing merchants.   

Web
    Design.   We anticipate that Ominto.com s attractive and intuitive web design will enhance the experience of our
consumers on our platform.   

Ominto
    Partner Programs/BSP Rewards.    Ominto s white label and co-branded sites are unique offerings providing
    Partners with a professional web presence for their own customers through access to a Cash Back shopping and travel portal.
    The program is a value-added feature that supplements the Partner's core business with both its customers and with its employees,
    investors and donors.   

Geographic
    Flexibility.   Ominto identifies its shoppers by geo-IP which provides customers with country specific merchant options
    from the moment they first log in. The Ominto platform recognizes each customer s preferred shopping locations and delivers
    a tailored shopping experience including preferred stores, language, currency and deals.   

In
addition, our DubLi Network adds the following strengths:  

Personal
    direct sales    Direct selling is a very effective form of advertising. DubLi Network Business Associates sell one-on-one
    to potential customers of DubLi.com with the ability to answer questions and address customer challenges in real time. Other
    forms of traditional advertising lack this level of personal contact.   

Cost
    effective entry into new mar kets - We are working to establish an active DubLi Network sales force in countries Ominto
    is targeting for its growth. Beginning our marketing with a DubLi Network sales force allows us to cost effectively and
    efficiently enter a country without the expense of establishing a physical location. We benefit from the existence of an established
    sales force on the ground offering our DubLi.com product before we launch local merchants on Ominto.com in any new country
    or territory.   

Business
    Associate Support  - DubLi Network provides excellent support services and comprehensive training to its BAs to facilitate
    growth of their individual businesses.   

Growth
Strategy   

We
have identified a number of strategic endeavors that we believe will result in the continued growth of the Company.  

New
Markets    

Our new Ominto.com platform is a global
site serving more than 100 countries in the world. For the DubLi Network where we focus on adding new malls, Ominto uses a systematic
approach to evaluating new market opportunities. Key factors include market size, e-commerce infrastructure, mobile and digital
trends, and legal and government requirements. We target markets in which e-commerce growth is accelerating. For example, we used
a first-to-market strategy in Denmark, Russia, Austria and the UAE and we leveraged direct referrals from our BAs. We are now poised
to add our Partners' existing customer bases by using our Partner programs. Our geographic expansion strategy helps us enter new
markets with global momentum based on brand recognition created from leveraging our Partners' brands and existing marketing. We
intend to partner with organizations that have access to large, captive audiences, including non-profit, telecommunications and
publishing organizations. Many of the markets we plan to enter already have current DubLi Network presence in the form of BAs.
In other markets we have hosted, or intend to host, pre-launch DubLi Network events. 

Technology    

During fiscal year 2017, we plan
to offer free Ominto mobile applications ( mobile apps ) in the iOS App Store and Google Play Stores which are being
designed to strengthen our brand awareness and provide an even more convenient shopping experience for our shoppers. When launched,
our mobile apps will include all of the appealing features of our Web experience, and many more that are uniquely tailored to
native mobile apps rather than mobile websites. We believe our plan to offer mobile apps will meet the desire of many mobile device
owners for mobile apps rather than mobile websites. In addition, the mobile app will allow us to offer localized coupons and specials
on a real-time basis to our customers. 

Our website is based on responsive web
design which tailors design and development to respond to the user s behavior and environment based on screen size, platform
and orientation. As the user switches from laptop to tablet or other mobile devices, the website automatically adjusts to accommodate
for resolution and image size. 

We believe our new personalized user
account dashboard will increase site usage as shoppers receive information, newsletters and promotions related to their favorite
brands and products. We intend to add community and social media features to the customer dashboard to make it even easier for
members to recommend brands and products to their friends. On the strength of these recommendations, our shoppers will be more
likely to return to our sites for their future purchases. We believe that this customization will encourage repeat visits and increase
customer retention rates. 

Encourage
organic growth    

We
plan to send customized, personalized e-mails and newsletters with specials, coupons and holiday deals to our shoppers from our
thousands of brand name merchants.  

To
cater precisely to shoppers  preferences, we will also track how our shoppers interact on our websites, via e-mail, and
on mobile devices to ensure that we send relevant, engaging communications. In order to ensure the best deals and Cash Back, we
will offer advertising placement spots to our merchants and travel partners.  

According
to Experian Marketing Services, personalized promotional e-mailings garner 29% higher unique open rates and 41% higher unique
click rates than non-personalized mailings. Personalized, triggered mailings have similar success, boasting 25% higher unique
open rates and 51% higher unique click rates. Among promotional mailings, personalized e-mails produce six times the transaction
rates and revenues per e-mail compared to non-personalized e-mails, while personalized, trigger campaigns create double the transaction
rates of non-personalized trigger mailings.   

Comprehensive
Training and Education for Business Associates    

In order to assist Business Associates,
DubLi Network hosts DubLi Academy, a proprietary training and education program. The Company offers courses and training materials,
including Partner Program post-certification training to help BAs to assist Partners in building a group of their own members
who make purchases on our shopping sites. We believe that these courses and materials improve the BA s success rate and
reduce BA attrition. We are also working to improve BA retention by providing additional sales and marketing tools to make DubLi
Network more rewarding at a faster rate. We believe additional education will increase BA participation. During the third quarter
of fiscal 2016, we launched a new version of DubLi Academy that recommends training appropriate for each BA after registering,
and will take them through the steps and features they need. 

Improve
Ominto Merchant Relations    

We
have developed a team of professionals in all key regions of the world to work exclusively on merchant relations. This team ensures
that our Cash Back commissions remain competitive, and actively negotiates exclusive coupons and specials for our members. They
assist in obtaining new merchant relationships, in existing and new geographic markets. Cultivating sound relationships with our
merchants is an important part of our current and future business. This team is also responsible for securing advertising placements
on the shopping site and for inclusion in customer communications.  

Stimulate
New Membership Growth Through Business Client Sites    

In addition to training BAs for
the DubLi Partner sales certification, the Company conducts its own outreach and marketing program for Partners. Ominto sends
marketing tools, banners, brochures and a variety of other materials to its business clients. We include valuable tips on writing
blogs, creating newsletter programs, and utilizing social media to help our Partners interact with their own customers more efficiently.
Furthermore, the Partner team actively works with Partners who have very large customer databases and significant brand reach
to create customized marketing materials in line with their particular business model. 

Government
Regulations   

In both the United States and foreign markets
in which we conduct business and marketing, we are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations,
court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations and other constraints exist at the federal, state or local levels
in the U.S., and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions, including regulations pertaining to distribution and sale
of our products and services. In addition, we are subject to regulations regarding product claims, advertising, marketing and
BA income potential. 

We
are subject to regulations and laws that involve privacy and data security, anti-spam, data protection, content, copyrights, distribution,
electronic contracts, electronic communications and consumer protection such as, without limitation, the CAN-SPAM ACT, and the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ).  

US regulatory agencies have also
placed an increased focus on online privacy matters and, in particular, on online advertising activities that utilize cookies,
which are small files of non-personalized information placed on an Internet user s computer, and other online tracking methods.
Such regulatory agencies have released, or are expected to release, reports pertaining to these matters. 

Any failure on our part to comply with
privacy related laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities or others, which could
harm our business. In addition, the interpretation of data protection laws, and their application to the Internet is unclear and
in a state of flux. These laws may be interpreted and applied in conflicting ways from state to state, country to country, or region
to region, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current data protection practices. Complying with these varying international
requirements could cause us to incur additional costs and change our business practices. Further, any failure by us to adequately
protect our members  privacy and data could result in a loss of member confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss
of members and customers. 

In
addition to the foregoing, our operations are subject to federal, foreign, state, and local government laws and regulations, including
those relating to zoning, workplace safety, and accommodations for the disabled, and our relationship with our employees are subject
to regulations, including minimum wage requirements, anti-discrimination laws, overtime and working conditions, and citizenship
requirements.  

In
addition, because our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions have claimed and others may claim that
we are required to comply with their laws, including in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees, or infrastructure.  

Intellectual
Property   

Our intellectual property includes
the content of our websites, our registered domain names, and our registered and unregistered trademarks. We believe that our
intellectual property is an important asset of our business and that our DubLi.com, Ominto.com, and other domain names and our
technology infrastructure give us a competitive advantage in the Cash Back e-commerce website market. We rely on a combination
of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the US and Europe, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary
technology and our brands. We currently have trademarks registered or pending in the US, Europe, Canada, South Korea, Singapore,
and all of the contracting parties (countries) of the Madrid protocol for our name and certain words and phrases used in our business. 

We have unregistered copyrights in the
software we have developed and continue to develop, comprising a substantial amount of the core software used for our business,
as well as in other works of authorship that we created, including content for our websites. We have not registered or applied
to register any of our copyrights in any country. We design and develop our software, primarily using employees. We also engage
third-party contractors with specialized technology expertise to leverage our internal employee capabilities when needed. We do
not use open source software. 

Currently,
we have not received or applied for any patents in any country. Consequently, the lack of filing for patent protection could present
obstacles in later obtaining any patents on any of our technology or software.  

Employees   

As of September 30, 2016, we had
approximately 30 employees located in the US, the United Arab Emirates ( the UAE ) and India. In addition, we employ
independent contractors in the US, the UAE, and Germany. Our employee count may change periodically. We believe relations with
our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. 

Available
Information   

Our annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are made available without charge
on our investor website (inc.ominto.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We also make available on our website our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Copies
of these SEC reports and other documents are also available, without charge, from Investor Relations by sending an email to investorrelations@ominto.com
or by calling (561) 362-2393. Information on our website does not constitute part of this report. Additionally, our filings with
the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. These filings are also available on the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished the above referenced reports. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Risks
Relating to Our Business    

Our operating prospects have recently been in
doubt   

The Company s Board
of Directors and Executive Management reasonably believes that the Company will continue to exist to carry out all objectives,
commitments, and stated goals for the immediate future. Profitability and positive cash flows from operations continue to improve.
The Company is currently able to meet all current and immediate obligations without substantial asset sales or restructuring.
Management believes the Company s financial trends will continue to be positive as a result of a new Cash Back shopping
platform, changes to the Company s business model and the arrival of new management team members. Furthermore, there are
no known loan defaults, denial of trade credit from suppliers, and no known adverse legal proceedings that could materially affect
the Company. 

We are continuing to advance our growth strategies by expanding our network; adding on-line and other digital
capabilities to attract new consumers; acquiring business customers and expanding geographies in our business. To better position
us for sustainable growth of the business, we are implementing a series of strategic actions, with a focus on enhancing our value
proposition, continuing to invest in the fast-growing digital channels, and further optimizing our cost structure. 

We have material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. If we do not improve our internal controls and systems, our business may suffer
and the value of our stockholders  investment may be harmed. Any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting in the future could adversely affect investor confidence, impair the value of our common stock and increase our cost
of raising capital.   

Consistent with the Sarbanes Oxley
framework, we are engaged in the process of completing and documenting each of the Company s key information technology
and business processes necessary to improve our internal controls. Our first step was to assess our significant processes. We
have undertaken this assessment and have made an initial determination of our significant processes. We are currently engaged
in the next step in this process which is to document these significant processes and design key controls for each process. 

We
continue to take remedial measures to correct our internal control deficiencies and expect to devote significant resources to
improving our internal controls. We have added four (4) full time positions in our accounting department which we believe will
continue to improve internal controls. With the additional staff, we will be able to focus on providing additional training, as
well as provide adequate time for our staff to complete the control procedures which have been or will be assigned to them.   

We
cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that our controls will be adequate in the future or that the controls will be
effective in preventing fraud or material misstatement. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may
not be able to report our financial results accurately, and fraud may be easier to perpetrate on us. Any failures in the effectiveness
of our internal controls could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material
misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could, in turn, affect the future ability of our management to certify
that internal control over our financial reporting is effective. Additionally, inferior internal control over financial reporting
could also subject us to the scrutiny of the SEC and other regulatory bodies which could cause investors to lose confidence in
our reported financial statements and could subject us to civil or criminal penalties or stockholder litigation, which could have
an adverse effect on our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock.  

Compliance
with corporate governance and public disclosure regulations may result in additional expenses.    

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and new regulations issued by the SEC are creating additional
disclosure obligations. We may need to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment would
result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities.  

There
are significant market risks associated with our business.    

We
have formulated our business plan and strategies based on certain assumptions regarding the size and dynamics of the e-commerce
marketplace, our anticipated share of this market, the estimated price and acceptance of our services and products and other factors.
These assumptions are based on our best estimates, however, our assessments may not prove to be correct. Our future success may
depend upon factors including, among other things, effectiveness of our marketing efforts, effectiveness of our Partner Programs,
increased levels of competition, including the entry of additional competitors and increased success by existing competitors,
changes in general economic conditions, increases in operating costs and reduced margins caused by competitive pressures.  

The
direct customer Cash Back market in which we participate is extremely competitive.    

The
market for online Cash Back solutions is highly competitive, fragmented and rapidly changing. Consumers seeking to save money
on online purchases use search engines, social networks, comparison shopping websites, and loyalty sites. We believe that our
most significant competitors offering Cash Back to consumers are Ebates , Shopathome  and Fat Wallet  (which is
owned by Ebates ). Others competitors in the e-commerce marketplace focus primarily on excess and overstock products with
fixed price formats. We expect competitors to launch new and innovative models and strategies. With the introduction of new technologies
and the influx of new entrants to the market, we expect competition to intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to
increase customers shopping at our portals and obtain profitability. There are very limited barriers to entry for competitors.  

Our
success depends on the breadth, depth, quality and reliability of our Cash Back offerings, as well as our continued innovation
and ability to provide features that make our shopping websites useful and appealing to customers. If we are unable to develop
quality features that Partners and consumers want, then our Partners and shoppers are likely to try one of our competitors. Our
current and potential competitors may have significantly more brand awareness, financial resources, customer support, technical,
marketing and other resources than we have, be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support
of their products and services, have more extensive consumer bases and deeper relationships, and may have longer operating histories
and greater name recognition than we have. As a result, these competitors may be better able to respond quickly to new technologies,
develop deeper merchant relationships or offer higher cash back. Any of these developments would make it more difficult for us
to recruit Partners and could result in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, or increased sales and marketing expenses.  

We
also directly and indirectly compete with online retailers for consumer traffic directly to their websites. Many online retailers
market their own websites to consumers using their own websites, e-mail newsletters and alerts, mobile applications, social media
presence and other distribution channels. Our online retailers could be more successful than we are at marketing their own websites
or could decide to terminate their relationship with us because they no longer want to pay us a share of purchases on their own
sites. We may face competition from companies we do not yet know about. If existing or new companies develop, market or resell
competitive Cash Back solutions, acquire one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors,
our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our ability to develop profitable operations could be
harmed.  

If
we are unable to expand the capabilities of our digital Cash Back solutions for our mobile platforms, our revenues may decrease
and we could lose our customers to our competitors who have more robust mobile platforms.    

Web
usage and the consumption of digital content are increasingly shifting to mobile platforms such as smart phones and other connected
devices. Industry-wide solutions to monetize online referral sites effectively on these platforms are at an early stage of development
and the future demand and growth prospects for online shopping portals on these mobile platforms is uncertain. The growth of our
business depends in part on our ability to deliver compelling solutions to consumers through these new mobile marketing channels.
We expect to launch our customized mobile app on our Ominto.com site during fiscal 2017. We cannot be sure that our introduction
of this platform will be timely or successful. Our success on mobile platforms and ability to deliver high quality mobile offerings
will be dependent on our compatibility with popular mobile operating systems, such as Android, iOS and Windows Mobile. Compatibility
changes in such systems that degrade our functionality or improve the functionality of our competitors  services could adversely
affect usage of our services through mobile devices. We may not be successful in developing relationships with key participants
in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks or standards.
If we fail to achieve success with our mobile applications ( mobile apps ) and mobile website, or if we otherwise
fail to deliver effective solutions to advertisers for mobile platforms and other emerging platforms, our ability to monetize
these growth opportunities will be constrained, and financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected.  

We
face more risks with our international operations.    

Our
international expansion has been rapid and our international business is critical to our reaching profitability. We intend to
continue to expand our white label Partner programs in new countries in parallel with our DubLi Network expansion which will offer
co-branded Partner sites. This continued expansion into new international markets requires us to localize our services to conform
to local laws, cultures, standards, and policies. Weaknesses in the commercial, Internet, and transportation infrastructure in
developing countries may make it more difficult for us to replicate our business model. In many countries, we compete with local
companies that understand the local market better than we do, and we may not benefit from first-to-market advantages. We may not
be successful in expanding into new international markets or in generating revenues from foreign operations.  

We
are subject to the following risks of doing business internationally, which include:  

regulatory
    requirements including regulation of Internet services, communications, professional selling, distance selling, privacy and
    data protection, banking and money transmitting, that may limit or prevent the offering of our services in some jurisdictions,
    prevent enforceable agreements between sellers and buyers, prohibit the listing of certain categories of goods, require product
    changes, require special licensure, subject us to various taxes, penalties or audits, or limit the transfer of information
    between us and our Business Associates, Partners, customers and participating merchants on our shopping portals;   

difficulties
    in integrating with local payment providers, including banks, credit and debit card networks, and electronic fund transfer
    systems or with the local telecommunications infrastructure;   

differing
    levels of retail distribution, shipping, communications, and Internet infrastructures;   

difficulties
    in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls;   

potentially
    adverse tax consequences, including local taxation of our fees or of transactions on our websites;   

higher telecommunications and Internet service-provider costs; 

different
    and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws;   

expenses
    associated with localizing our products, including offering customers the ability to transact business in the local currency;   

profit
    repatriation restrictions, foreign currency exchange restrictions, and exchange rate fluctuations;   

volatility
    in a country or region s political, economic or military conditions;   

challenges
    associated with maintaining relationships with local law enforcement and related agencies;   

interrupted
    or prohibited operations in jurisdictions where a potential violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could occur;   

the
    lack of well-established or reliable legal systems and   

varied
    intellectual property laws.   

Our
international costs of doing business may exceed our comparable domestic costs. As we expand our international operations and
have additional portions of our international revenues denominated in foreign currencies, we face challenges in repatriating money
without adverse tax consequences, and risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  

We conduct certain product and
website development, customer support and other operations, in regions outside the US. We are subject to both US and local laws
and regulations applicable to our offshore activities. If we fail to obtain anticipated benefits associated with providing these
functions outside of the US, including cost efficiencies and productivity improvements, our business could be adversely affected. 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates.    

A
substantial portion of our revenues are generated in currencies other than the US dollar, and since we report our financial results
in US dollars, we face exposure to adverse changes in currency exchange rates. If the US dollar strengthens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions will result in decreased revenues and income. We are also subject
to currency exchange risks in connection with our purchase and sale of US dollars and Euro s in the ordinary course of our
business to meet our obligations to our Business Associates, other vendors and creditors. Therefore, increases or decreases in
the value of the US dollar against any currency which affects a material amount of our operations, will affect our revenues, cost
of sales, gross profit (loss), operating expenses, or other income and expenses and the value of balance sheet items denominated
in foreign currencies. These fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Disruptions in financial
markets may result in significant changes in foreign exchange rates in relatively short periods of time which further increases
the risk of an adverse currency effect. Since we plan to expand our international operations, we will likely increase our exposure
to foreign currency risks. We do not hedge our currency risk, and do not expect to.  

The
inability of our significant participating merchants or our affiliate network agents to meet their payment obligations to us may
adversely affect our financial results.    

Our
Cash Back revenues are substantially comprised of cash rebates received from our participating merchants. We do not receive rebates
directly from the merchants. We contract with third parties known as  affiliate networks  that establish the contractual
relationships with the merchants, provide the tracking links, establish the amount of Cash Back, collect the Cash Back and pay
us commissions due. We are subject to credit risk due to both the concentration of our trade accounts receivables in a small number
of affiliate networks and the potential for the merchants to fail to pay the affiliate networks the Cash Back that is owed to
us. The latter risk is small because we have numerous participating merchants and the failure of a single merchant is less material.
Although the accounts of our affiliate networks and our significant participating merchants are current, the inability of either
to meet their future obligations to us, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

We
face risks in connection with our relationships with our domestic and foreign credit card processors who collect membership fees
and other fees from our customers, BAs and Partners.    

We
have agreements in place with credit card processors in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and India that process the
purchase of membership packages completed on our websites. Pursuant to the current terms and conditions of these agreements, the
processors are permitted to maintain a certain percentage of reserve or holdback for a certain period on each sale processed by
them. Holdbacks are the portion of the revenues from a credit card transaction that is held in reserve by the credit card processor
to cover possible disputed charges, chargeback fees, and other expenses. In the event a credit card processor declares bankruptcy,
encounters financial difficulties, refuses or fails to honor its contract with us for any reason or ceases operations, there can
be no assurance that we would be able to access funds due to us on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, from time to time, these processors may
increase the amount that they keep in reserve as holdbacks. Although we are entitled to receive any remaining holdback amount
after a designated period of time, any increase in the holdback percentage would result in a delay in our receiving the full proceeds
from the sales of our products. This would adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.  

We face risks in connection
with our relationships with our foreign mobile payment application processors in India, the Middle East and Southeast Asia who
collect membership fees and other fees from our customers, BAs and Partners.   

We have agreements in place with mobile payment applications in India, the Middle East and Southeast Asia
that process the purchase of membership packages completed on our websites. Pursuant to the current terms and conditions of these
agreements, the processors are permitted to maintain a certain percentage of reserve or holdback for a certain period on each sale
processed by them. Holdbacks are the portion of the revenues from a credit card transaction that is held in reserve by the credit
card processor to cover possible disputed charges, chargeback fees, and other expenses. In the event a credit card processor declares
bankruptcy, encounters financial difficulties, refuses or fails to honor its contract with us for any reason or ceases operations,
there can be no assurance that we would be able to access funds due to us on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, from time to time, these processors
may increase the amount that they keep in reserve as holdbacks. Although we are entitled to receive any remaining holdback amount
after a designated period of time, any increase in the holdback percentage would result in a delay in our receiving the full proceeds
from the sales of our products. This would adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition. 

We
may not be successful in developing brand awareness for our brands, which is critical to our business.    

We believe that brand recognition
is critical to our businesses. In July 2015, we changed the name of our parent company from DubLi, Inc. to Ominto, Inc. and launched
a newly branded Ominto.com shopping site in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We must quickly establish a brand identity for Ominto.
Although we have brand awareness of our  DubLi  brand, we must establish both DubLi and our new Ominto brand as brands
that potential Partners perceive as offering a satisfactory level of value through our products and services. To promote our DubLi
brand, we expect to continue to recruit new BAs and to incentivize existing BAs. Without brand awareness, we may not be successful
in attracting new customers, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
may be unable to successfully exploit the opportunity to offer customized shopping websites.    

We
relaunched our existing white label and co-branding ability as our  BSP Rewards Partner Program.  These programs offer
our profit and non-profit business clients a custom  white label  or  co-branded  shopping site so they
can monetize their existing customer/constituent base. The white label sites will be powered by the Ominto.com platform and clients
will host their own customized landing pages and other selected customized content while retaining their own logos and branding.
In contrast, our co-branded program offers Partners an exact replica of the Ominto.com website that bears the Partner s
logos without the Ominto logo. Although we previously offered the DubLi Partner co-brand service, we have not actively marketed
it or engaged with our Partners in expanding their customers  use of the sites. With our new Ominto.com portal and our expanded
marketing team, we are seeking significant expansion of this part of our business. To be successful with these programs, we must
both establish additional white label and co-branded sites for our Partners and actively support them in engaging their members
and constituents on shopping on our sites. If we are not able to do this, our operating results and financial condition will be
adversely affected.  

Customer
complaints, negative publicity or our security measures could diminish our business.    

Customer
complaints, negative publicity or poor customer service could severely diminish consumer confidence in, and use, of our products
and services. If we fail to consistently promote our merchant sites, or if there are rumors, articles, reviews or blogs that indicate
or suggest that we have failed to consistently promote such offerings, our business could decrease. Similarly, measures we take
to combat fraud and breaches of privacy and security have the potential to damage relations with our shoppers or decrease activity
on our sites by making our sites more difficult to use or restricting the activities of certain users. Negative publicity about,
or negative experiences with, customer support for any of our business models could cause our reputation to suffer or affect consumer
confidence in our brand as a whole.  

We
are dependent on key employees.    

Our success depends upon the efforts
of our top management team and certain other key employees, including the efforts of Michael Hansen (Founder and Chief Executive
Officer) and Betina Dupont Sorensen (Chief Operating Officer). Although we have written employment agreements with these key employees,
such individuals could die, become disabled, or resign. In addition, our success is dependent upon our ability to attract and
retain key management persons for a variety of positions in the Company. We may not be able to recruit and employ such executives
at times and on terms acceptable to us. Also, changes in our overall compensation program (including our equity compensation program)
and volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price, may adversely affect our ability to retain such key employees. 

Our
business and users may be subject to sales tax and other taxes, which may dissuade our users from utilizing our portals.    

The
application of indirect taxes (such as sales and use tax, value-added tax ( VAT ), goods and services tax, business
tax, and gross receipt tax) to e-commerce businesses and to our users is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the fundamental
statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the growth of the Internet and e-commerce. In many cases,
it is not clear how existing statutes apply to the Internet or e-commerce or communications conducted over the Internet. In addition,
some jurisdictions have implemented or may implement laws specifically addressing the Internet or some aspect of e-commerce or
communications on the Internet.  

One
or more states, the federal government or foreign countries may seek to impose a tax collection, reporting or record-keeping obligation
on companies that engage in or facilitate e-commerce. Such an obligation could be imposed by legislation intended to improve tax
compliance. One or more other jurisdictions may also seek to impose tax-collection or reporting obligations based on the location
of the product or service being sold or provided in an e-commerce transaction, regardless of where the respective users are located.
Imposition of a discriminatory record-keeping or tax-collecting requirement could decrease the number of participating merchants
and would harm our results of operations.  

We
pay input VAT on applicable taxable purchases within the various foreign countries in which we operate. In most cases, we are
entitled to reclaim this input VAT from the various foreign countries. However, because of our unique business model, the application
of the laws and rules that allow such reclamation is sometimes uncertain. A successful assertion by one or more countries that
we are not entitled to reclaim VAT could harm our operating results.  

Any
interruptions in Internet service could harm our business.    

Our
customers need access to the Internet to access our shopping website. We have experienced short system failures from time to time.
The success of our business also depends largely on the continued availability of the Internet infrastructure. Frequent or persistent
interruptions in availability of our sites could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable,
leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our sites, and could permanently harm our reputation and brands. If we fail
to maintain a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, and security, as well as timely development of
complementary products our business may be harmed If our customers are unable to rely on access to our shopping portals, we could
lose existing customers, impair our ability to attract new customers and experience loss of revenue from shopping that did not
occur while the portals were unavailable.  

The
Internet has experienced significant growth in the numbers of users and amount of traffic, a trend likely to continue. The Internet
infrastructure may be unable to support such demands. In addition, increasing numbers of users, increasing bandwidth requirements,
or problems caused by  viruses,   worms,  malware and similar programs may harm the performance of the
Internet. The backbone computers of the Internet have been the targets of such programs. Although our systems have been designed
around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or catastrophic occurrences through worldwide
redundant servers, they remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication
failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, and similar events. Our systems are also subject
to hackings, break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a
natural disaster, a decision by any of our third-party hosting providers to close a facility we use without adequate notice for
financial or other reasons, or other unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in
our services. We do not carry business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in
our service as a result of system failures. These internet outages and delays could reduce the level of Internet usage generally,
as well as the level of usage of our shopping portals.  

If
we are unable to retain our existing online retailer relationships, we will be unable to operate profitably.    

Our ability to continue to grow
our revenues will depend in large part on maintaining our positive reputation with existing online retailers. The number of online
retailers offering Cash Back on our sites may not expand materially beyond our existing base or may decline. Online retailers
also may reduce the commission rates they pay to us for sales our websites facilitate. If we, or our affiliate networks, who have
the direct relationships with most of our online retailers, are unable to negotiate favorable terms with current or new online
retailers in the future, including the commission rates they pay us, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

Online
retailers do not enter into long-term contracts requiring them to be included on our Cash Back websites and their contracts with
us are cancelable upon short or no notice and without penalty. We cannot be sure that the online retailers with whom our affiliate
networks have a relationship will continue to be included on our websites or that we will be able to replace online retailers
that do not renew their campaigns with new ones generating comparable revenues. If we are unable to retain and expand online retailer
relationships, our revenues will decrease and our operating results will be adversely affected.  

Regulatory,
legislative or self-regulatory developments regarding Internet privacy matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our
business.    

Consumer
and industry groups have expressed concerns about online data collection and use by companies, which has resulted in the release
of various industry self-regulatory codes of conduct and best practice guidelines that are binding for member companies and that
govern, among other things, the ways in which companies can collect, use and disclose user information, how companies must give
notice of these practices and what choices companies must provide to consumers regarding these practices. We are obligated in
certain cases to comply with best practices or codes of conduct addressing matters, such as the online tracking of users or devices.
US regulatory agencies have also placed an increased focus on online privacy matters and, in particular, on online advertising
activities that utilize cookies, which are small files of non-personalized information placed on an Internet user s computer,
and other online tracking methods. Such regulatory agencies have released, or are expected to release, reports pertaining to these
matters. Since March 2012, the FTC, issued a report on consumer privacy intended to articulate best practices for companies collecting
and using consumer data. The report recommends companies adopt several practices that could have an impact on our business, including
giving consumers notice and offering them choices about being tracked across other parties  websites and implementing a
persistent  Do Not Track  mechanism to enable consumers to choose whether to allow tracking of their online search
and browsing activities, including on mobile devices. Various industry participants have worked to develop and finalize standards
relating to a Do Not Track mechanism, and such standards may be implemented and adopted by industry participants at any time.
We may be required or otherwise choose to adopt Do Not Track mechanisms, in which case our ability to use tracking technologies
could be impaired.  

US
and foreign governments have enacted, considered or are considering legislation or regulations that could significantly restrict
industry participants  ability to collect, augment, analyze, use and share anonymous data, such as by regulating the level
of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cookies or other electronic tracking tools. A number of bills
have been proposed in the US Congress in the past that contained provisions that would have regulated how companies can use cookies
and other tracking technologies to collect and use information about consumers. Some of those bills also contained provisions
that would have specifically regulated the collection and use of information, particularly geo-location information, from mobile
devices. At least one such bill presently has been proposed in the US Congress.   

Additionally,
the EU has traditionally imposed strict obligations under data privacy laws and regulations. Individual EU member countries have
had discretion with respect to their interpretation and implementation of EU data privacy laws, resulting in variation of privacy
standards from country to country. Legislation and regulation in the EU and some EU member states requires companies to obtain
specific types of notice and consent from consumers before using cookies or other tracking technologies. To comply with these
requirements, the use of cookies or other similar technologies may require the user s affirmative, opt-in consent. Additionally,
in January 2012, the European Commission announced significant proposed reforms to its existing data protection legal framework
that, if implemented, may result in a greater compliance burden with respect to our operations in Europe.  

Changes
in global privacy laws and regulations and self-regulatory regimes may force us to incur substantial costs or require us to change
our business practices. This could compromise our ability to pursue our growth strategies effectively and may adversely affect
the demand for our solutions or otherwise harm our business and financial condition. For instance, new privacy laws or regulations
or changed interpretations of existing laws or regulations could require performance marketing networks or us to take additional
measures to facilitate consumer privacy preferences or to limit or cease altogether the collection, use or disclosure of data.
The recent FTC staff report also recommends that websites offer consumers a choice about whether the owner of the website can
use third parties to track the consumer s activity for certain purposes. We are dependent on third parties, including performance
marketing networks, to place cookies on browsers of users that visit our websites. If in the future we are restricted from allowing
cookies, if there is a material increase in the number of users who choose to opt out or block cookies and other tracking technologies,
or if performance marketing networks  cookies or other tracking mechanisms otherwise do not function properly, our ability
to generate net revenues would be significantly impaired.  

We
may be subject to foreign laws regulating online advertising even in jurisdictions where we do not have any physical presence
to the extent a digital media content provider has advertising inventory that we manage or to the extent that we collect and use
data from consumers in those jurisdictions. Such laws may vary widely around the world, making it costly for us to comply with
them. Failure to comply may harm our business and our operating results could be adversely affected.  

Government
regulation of the Internet, e-commerce and m-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these
laws and regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations.    

We
are subject to foreign and domestic general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing
the Internet, e-commerce and m-commerce in a number of jurisdictions around the world. Existing and future regulations and laws
could impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce, m-commerce or other online services. These regulations and laws may involve
taxation, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, data protection, gaming, multi-level marketing, wire transfers, distribution
controls, libel and defamation, copyrights, electronic contracts, electronic communications and consumer protection. It is not
clear how existing laws and regulations governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal
privacy apply to the Internet as the vast majority of these laws and regulations were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet
and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce.  

Those
laws that govern privacy or reference the Internet, such as the US s Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA )
and the European Union s Directives on Distance Selling and Electronic Commerce, are being interpreted by the courts, but
their applicability and scope remain uncertain. US regulatory agencies have placed an increased focus on online privacy matters
and, in particular, on online advertising activities that utilize cookies, which are small files of non-personalized information
placed on an Internet user s computer, and other online tracking methods. For example the FTC recommends companies adopt
several practices that could have an impact on our business, including giving consumers notice and offering them choices about
being tracked across other parties  websites and implementing a persistent  Do Not Track  mechanism to enable
consumers to choose whether to allow tracking of their online search and browsing activities, including on mobile devices. The
EU s stricter obligations under data privacy laws and regulations provide its member countries wide discretion in interpreting
the EU data privacy laws, resulting in variation of privacy standards from country to country.  

Changes
in global privacy laws and regulations and self-regulatory regimes may force us to incur substantial costs or require us to change
our business practices. Furthermore, regulatory agencies or courts may claim or hold that we or our users are subject to licensure
or prohibition from conducting our business in their jurisdiction, either generally or with respect to certain actions. It is
possible that general business regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce may
be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules
or our practices. We cannot assure you that our practices have complied, comply or will comply fully with all such laws and regulations.
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation,
a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. Any such proceeding or action could
hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant resources in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase
our costs of doing business, and cause consumers and online retailers to decrease their use of our marketplace, and may result
in the imposition of monetary consequences. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from
the costs or consequences of noncompliance with any such laws or regulations. In addition, it is possible that governments of
one or more countries may seek to censor content available on our websites and mobile applications or may even attempt to completely
block access to our marketplace. Laws regulating Internet and e-commerce companies outside of the US may be less favorable than
those in the US, giving greater rights to consumers, competitors or users. Compliance may be more costly or may require us to
change our business practices or restrict our product offerings, and the imposition of any regulations on our users may harm our
business. In addition, we may be subject to overlapping legal or regulatory regimes that impose conflicting requirements on us.
Our failure to comply with foreign laws could subject us to penalties ranging from criminal prosecution to significant fines to
bans on our products. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our business. In particular, in the event
that we are restricted, in whole or in part, from operating in one or more countries, our ability to retain or increase our customer
base may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain or grow our net revenues as anticipated.  

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover any business loss.    

Our
insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our business could suffer. Although we have all-risk
property insurance for our operating properties covering damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters or
certain acts of terrorism), each policy has certain exclusions. Our level of insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all
possible losses in the event of a major casualty. Therefore, certain acts and events could expose us to substantial uninsured
losses. More important than the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result
of these events. While we do carry general liability insurance, including coverage for identity theft, we do not carry business
interruption insurance. The insurance we do carry may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms and, in any
event, may not be adequate to cover all losses.  

Our
failure or the failure of third-party service providers to protect our platform and network against security breaches, or otherwise
protect our confidential information, could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating
results.    

We
deliver digital content via our shopping website and we collect and maintain data about consumers, including personally identifiable
information, as well as other confidential or proprietary information. Our security measures may not detect or prevent all attempts
to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering,
security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted
by our platform or that we or our third-party service providers otherwise maintain. Breaches of our security measures or those
of our third-party service providers could result in unauthorized access to our platform or other systems; unauthorized access
to and misappropriation of consumer information, including consumers  personally identifiable information, or other confidential
or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our platform;
deletion or modification of content, or the display of unauthorized content, on our websites or our mobile applications; or a
denial of service or other interruption in our operations. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage
systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, we and they may
be unable to anticipate these attacks or to implement adequate preventative measures. Potential liability could include claims
for unauthorized purchases with credit card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims. This liability could also
include claims for other misuse of personal information, including unauthorized marketing purposes. Any of these claims could
result in litigation. Liability for misappropriation of this information could adversely affect our business. In addition, the
FTC and state agencies have been investigating various Internet companies regarding their use of personal information. We could
incur additional expenses from the introduction of new regulations regarding the use of personal information or from government
agencies investigating our privacy practices. Any actual or perceived breach of our security could damage our reputation and brand,
expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability, require us to expend significant capital and other resources
to alleviate problems caused by such breaches and deter consumers and online retailers from using our online marketplace, which
would harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  

We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication necessary
to effectively secure transmission of confidential information, such as customer credit card numbers.    

We
cannot assure you that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments
will not result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms that we use to protect customer transaction data. If any such compromise
of our security were to occur, it could harm our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
A party who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in
our operations. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches
or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. We cannot assure you that our security measures will prevent security breaches
or that failure to prevent such security breaches will not harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property adequately could adversely affect our business.    

Our proprietary technology is
one of the keys to our performance and ability to remain competitive. We rely primarily on a combination of copyright, trade secret,
and contract laws to establish and protect the proprietary nature of our technology. Much of the software that we use was specifically
developed by the Company and, accordingly, we believe we have certain proprietary rights to the software. Prior to September 2016,
we have used employees to develop the software that we consider to be proprietary to our business, and are generally deemed under
copyright law to be the author of the software. On September 14, 2016, the Company entered into a strategic relationship with
Quant Systems, Inc. ( Quant ) in which Quant provides advisory and information technology solutions consulting to
the Company, including technical consulting, software implementation and re-engineering. Refer to  Subsequent Events 
on page 43 for more information regarding Quant. We have a general practice of requiring our employees to enter into confidentiality,
invention assignment and non-compete agreements to provide trade secret and contractual protections for our software as well as
other confidential and proprietary technical and business information and ideas. We also use technical and business measures to
protect our proprietary rights. For example, we limit distribution of our software, maintain it in physically secure locations
with restricted access, and use firewalls to try to keep out intruders, and we generally enter into confidentiality agreements
with our consultants, business partners, and other third parties. Nonetheless, the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology
and other information may not prevent misappropriation of our technology, and the agreements we enter into for that purpose might
not be enforceable. Our trade secrets or proprietary technology may become known or be independently developed by competitors.
We have copyrights without registering our software or other works of authorship, but we have not registered our copyrights with
the US Copyright Office or any other copyright office, and would not be entitled to the additional protections afforded by such
registration. We do not rely on and do not have any patent protections at this time on our technology. As such, due to certain
legal requirements in timely filing for patent protection, the lack of filing for patent protection could present obstacles to
us in the future should we decide to proceed with filing for patent protection. It is difficult for us to police the unauthorized
use of our technology, particularly because the global nature of the Internet makes it difficult to control the ultimate destination
or security of software or other transmitted data. The laws of other countries may not provide us with adequate or effective protection
of our intellectual property. We have not undertaken a review of third-party patents in any jurisdiction to try to determine if
a third-party may claim that we infringe on its patent or other proprietary rights, and do not plan in the near future to do so.
Such a claim, if vigorously pursued, could require, among other things, substantial resources to fight, that we stop using most
or substantial and important parts of our technology, that we expend additional resources to try to replace such technology with
non-infringing technology which may not have the same features, usability, maintainability, or customer acceptance, and the Company
to pay sums as damages that we could not afford to pay. 

Our
inability to adequately protect our brands, or claims that our brands are similar to third-party brand owners, could adversely
affect our business.    

Our
trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress (also sometimes known as brands) provide value to the Company and its affiliates.
We have a compliance process in place for DubLi Network BAs to follow so that they do not violate our service marks and use the
Company brands inappropriately. We currently have trademarks registered or pending in the US, Europe, Canada, South Korea, Singapore,
and all of the contracting parties (countries) of the Madrid protocol for our name and certain words and phrases that we use in
our business including, but not limited to, DubLi Worldwide Trading, Ominto, DubLi, Dubot and others. Although we believe that
our  Ominto  and  DubLi  and other trade names and logos have certain intellectual property protections,
our competitors or others could adopt product or service names similar to  Ominto ,  DubLi  or our other
service marks or trademarks. We may or may not be able to register all of our brands in every country where we seek registration
and there can be no assurance that registered trademarks will protect our brands. Any of the foregoing might impede our ability
to build brand identity and could lead to customer confusion. Our inability to protect our service marks, trademarks or other
brands adequately could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and the value of our brand name and other intangible
assets. Conversely, third parties who use, develop or register service marks, trademarks or other brands similar to ours in countries
in which we do business or intend to do business may claim that our brands infringe upon their registered or common law rights
in those countries. We therefore, cannot assure you that we will be able to use our brands in every country where we wish to do
business. Any intellectual property claim against us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or
litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant
liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology, content, branding or business methods found to
be in violation of another party s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual
property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available,
we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. Any of these events could harm
our business, operating results and financial condition.  

We
rely on information technology to operate our business and maintain competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to technological
developments or industry trends could harm our business.    

We
depend on the use of information technologies and systems. As our operations grow in size and scope, we must continuously improve
and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure.
Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends
and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive
services and product offerings. The emergence of alternative platforms such as smart phones and tablets and the emergence of niche
competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology.
New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to
lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new
technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner.  

Our
ability to develop successful website enhancements is a significant component of our business strategy and a failure to do so
could harm our business.    

We developed a new platform for
our e-commerce shopping portals to better provide our online shoppers with an enjoyable experience. We launched our new portal
in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Our ability to succeed in enhancing our sites and other offerings may require significant
resources and management attention. The success of new and enhanced products depends on several factors, including our ability
to develop and complete these introductions in a timely manner, successfully promote the portals, manage the risks associated
with the enhancements, make sufficient resources available to support them, secure appropriate intellectual property rights and
address any quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Despite the allocation of resources, there can be no
assurance that the new enhancements or product offerings will be developed successfully, timely released, or accepted by our customers. 

Our
establishment and integration of our Ominto.com platform could result in the diversion or loss of resources, operating difficulties
and other harmful consequences.    

We launched our new Ominto.com
Cash Back platform in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Our new platform will offer enhanced features which will also become available
on our DubLi.com white label site. Establishing an enhanced platform may be time consuming, difficult and more expensive than
our budgeted projections. There are no assurances that the Company will recoup any of the expenditures with respect to establishing
the new platform. The new platform allows us to more efficiently offer both white label and co-branded sites to our business clients.
We believe that expansion of our business clients' sites will be material to our financial condition and results of operations.
We expect to acquire new Ominto.com shoppers in large quantities based upon certain existing relationships of our newer business
clients who wish to establish white label sites for their customers. We may face: 

diversion
    of management time, as well as a shift of focus from operating the business to issues related to integration and administration;   

the
    need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political,
    and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;   

problems
    enhancing the operations, technologies or products;   

unanticipated
    costs; and   

adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with merchants, customers and Business Associates.   

Moreover,
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the enhancements to our shopping platform and expansion of our business client
sites, or may not realize them in the expected time frame.  

Acquisitions
and joint ventures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences.    

We expect to continue to evaluate
and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, technologies, services, products
and other assets. At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one or more of these types
of transactions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. The process
of integrating any acquired business may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is itself risky. The areas
where we may face difficulties include: 

diversion
    of management time, as well as a shift of focus from operating the businesses to issues related to integration and administration,
    particularly given the varying scope of our recent acquisitions;   

declining
    employee morale and retention issues resulting from changes in, or acceleration of, compensation, or changes in Management,
    reporting relationships, future prospects, or the direction of the business;   

the
    need to integrate each company s accounting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems
    to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented;   

the
    need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to acquisition
    had lacked such controls, procedures and policies;   

in
    the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address
    the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;   

in
    some cases, the need to transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms;   

problems
    combining the purchased operations, technologies or products;   

unanticipated
    costs;   

adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with online retailers and customers;   

risks
    associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience;   

potential
    loss of key employees of purchased organizations; and   

liability
    for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including violations of laws, rules and regulations, commercial
    disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities.   

Moreover, we may not realize the
anticipated benefits of any or all of our transactions, or may not realize them in the expected time frame. Future acquisitions
or mergers may require us to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, liabilities, and amortize expenses
related to intangible assets or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

In
addition, we may make certain investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have a minority equity interest and lack
management and operational control. These investments may involve risks. For example, the controlling joint venture partner in
a joint venture investment may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with our business decisions
or other actions or omissions of the controlling joint venture partner or the joint venture company may result in harm to our
reputation or adversely affect the value of our investment in the joint venture.  

Risks
Specific to our DubLi Network Business    

Our
DubLi Network operates in a highly competitive niche.    

Within
the direct selling channel, we compete on a regional and often country-by-country basis with our direct marketing competitors.
We compete within a distinct business model where providing a compelling earnings opportunity for our Business Associates is as
critical as developing and marketing new and innovative products. Therefore, in contrast to a typical company which operates within
a broad-based consumer pool, we must first compete for a limited pool of Business Associates before we reach the ultimate consumer.  

Direct
sellers compete for representative or entrepreneurial talent both by their product or service and by providing a competitive earnings
opportunity that is more compelling than that offered by the competition. Our competitors regularly offer field incentives such
as trips and other bonuses. Our competitors devote substantial effort to determining the effectiveness of field incentives so
that they can invest in incentives that are the most cost effective or produce greater payback. We are not currently offering
field incentives. We are and expect to continue to be subject to significant competition for the recruitment of Business Associates
from other direct selling or network marketing organizations. We are always enhancing our direct selling model as well as recruiting
new Business Associates. If we are unable to do so our business will be adversely affected.  

Success
of our DubLi Network business is dependent on the ability and productivity of our Business Associates.    

Our
DubLi.com revenues are generated through the efforts of our network of Business Associates (our independent marketing representatives)
whose drive individual consumer traffic and business client's customers traffic to the DubLi.com shopping site. DubLi.com is the
product of DubLi Network and, as such, requires the network to penetrate consumer registrations. To increase our revenues, we
must increase the productivity of this network. Therefore, our success depends, in significant part, upon our ability to recruit,
educate, retain and motivate our Business Associates and their ability to expand their organization network and to generate customers
who shop at our shopping portal. Our operating results could be harmed if our existing and new business opportunities do not generate
sufficient interest to retain and motivate existing Business Associates and attract new Business Associates; or if we fail to
educate them about our products in ways that ensure their success or if we fail to properly support them in their efforts.  

The
primary way we recruit new Business Associates is through a network marketing strategy. The success of a network marketing force
is highly dependent upon our ability to offer a viable product, education, commission structure and sales incentive program that
enables our Business Associates to recruit and develop other Business Associates. To compete with other network marketing organizations,
we may be required to increase our cost of revenues and marketing costs through increases in commissions, sales incentives or
other features, any of which could adversely impact our future earnings. We may experience a high rate of turnover among Business
Associates, which is a characteristic of the network marketing business. The loss of a significant number of Business Associates
for any reason could negatively impact sales and could impair our ability to attract new Business Associates. In addition, the
level of confidence of the Business Associates in our ability to perform is an important factor in maintaining and growing our
Business Associate network. Adverse publicity or negative financial developments concerning the Company could adversely affect
our ability to maintain the confidence of our Business Associates.  

Our
Business Associates may not comply with our policies and procedures.    

Our
Business Associates are independent contractors and, accordingly, we are not in a position to directly provide the same direction,
motivation and oversight as we would if the Business Associates were employed by the Company. As a result, there can be no assurance
that our Business Associates will participate in our marketing strategies or plans or comply with our Business Associate policies
and procedures and terms and conditions.  

Extensive
federal, state and local laws regulate our business and network marketing program. Because we conduct operations in foreign countries,
our policies and procedures for our Business Associates may differ due to the different legal requirements of each country in
which we do business. While we have implemented Business Associate policies and procedures designed to govern Business Associate
conduct and to protect the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names, it can be difficult to enforce these policies
and procedures because of the large number of Business Associates and their independent status. Violations by our independent
Business Associates of applicable law or of our policies and procedures in dealing with customers could reflect negatively on
our operations and harm our business reputation. In addition, it is possible that a court could hold us civilly or criminally
accountable based on vicarious liability because of the actions of our independent Business Associates.  

Our
network marketing program could be found to be not in compliance with current or newly adopted laws or regulations in one or more
markets.    

Our DubLi Network marketing program
is subject to a number of federal and state regulations administered by the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and various state
agencies in the United States, as well as regulations on direct selling in foreign markets administered by foreign agencies. We
are subject to the risk that, in one or more markets, our network marketing program could be found not to comply with applicable
law or regulations. Regulations applicable to network marketing organizations generally are directed at preventing fraudulent
or deceptive schemes, often referred to as  pyramid  or  chain sales  schemes, by ensuring that product
sales ultimately are made to consumers and that advancement within an organization is based on sales of the organization s
products rather than investments in the organization or other non-retail sales-related criteria. The regulatory requirements concerning
network marketing programs do not include  bright line  rules and are inherently fact-based, and thus, even in jurisdictions
where we believe that our network marketing program is in full compliance with applicable laws or regulations governing network
marketing systems, we are subject to the risk that these laws or regulations or the enforcement or interpretation of these laws
and regulations by governmental agencies or courts can change. The failure of our network marketing program to comply with current
or newly adopted regulations could negatively impact our business in a particular market or in general.      

Our
ability to conduct a Network Marketing business in international markets may be affected by political, legal, tax and regulatory
risks.    

We
intend to expand our international penetration with our DubLi Network business. Our ability to capitalize on new international
markets and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets is exposed to risks associated with
our international operations including, among others:  

the
    possibility that a foreign government might ban or severely restrict our business method of direct selling;   

the
    possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax or other financial burdens on our Business Associates, as
    direct sellers, or on DubLi Network, due, for example, to the structure of our operations in various markets;   

the
    possibility that a government authority might challenge the status of our Business Associates as independent contractors or
    impose employment or social taxes on our Business Associates;   

unexpected
    changes in regulatory requirements; or   

the
    burden and administrative costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws.   

Risks
Relating to Our Stock    

We are significantly influenced by one stockholder
who controls a substantial voting percentage of our common stock.   

As of December 15, 2016, Mr. Hansen
owns approximately 2.9 million shares of common stock and 185,000 shares of Super Voting Preferred Stock entitled to 40 votes
per share, collectively representing approximately 41% of the voting power of the Company s issued and outstanding voting
securities. Accordingly, Mr. Hansen has the power to influence or control the outcome of important corporate decisions or matters
submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Although Mr. Hansen owes the Company certain fiduciary duties as Director and CEO of
the Company, the interests of Mr. Hansen may conflict with, or differ from, the interests of other holders of our common stock.
So long as Mr. Hansen has the power to vote a substantial percentage of shares of our voting securities, he will have the power
to significantly influence all our corporate decisions and will be able to affect or inhibit changes in control of the Company.  

Our
stock price is volatile.    

The
market price of our common stock is highly volatile, and this volatility may continue. For instance, during fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2016, the low and high sale price of our common stock, as reported on the markets on which our securities have traded, ranged
between $1.60 and $14.00. In November, 2015, we effectuated a 1 for 50 reverse stock split which was previously approved by the
Board of Directors. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market price of our shares of common
stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include:  

our
    earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to
    meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors;   

changes
    in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock;   

speculation
    about our business in the press or the investment community;   

significant
    developments relating to our relationships with our Business Associates, business clients, customers or merchants;   

stock
    market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in the e-commerce
    based industry;   

customer
    demand for our products;   

general
    economic conditions and trends;   

major
    catastrophic events;   

changes
    in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles;   

loss
    of external funding sources;   

sales
    of our common stock, including divestments by our directors, officers or significant stockholders;   

additions
    or departures of key personnel;   

announcements
    of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors;   

our
    ability to obtain financing;   

developments
    in our or our competitors  intellectual property rights;   

failure
    to meet the expectation of securities analysts or the public;   

our
    ability to expand our operations, domestically and internationally;   

the
    amount and timing of expenditures related to any expansion;   

litigation
    involving us, our industry or both;   

actual
    or anticipated changes in expectations by investors or analysts regarding our performance; and   

price
    and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time.   

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against that company. Our stock price is volatile and we could be a target of stockholder litigation. Any
stockholder litigation brought against us in the future could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention
and resources from our business.  

Moreover,
securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating
performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock and
other interests in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us.  

We
have significant  equity overhang  which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our
ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.    

As of September 30, 2016, we had
13,386,538 shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, 1.6 million shares of our common stock
were issuable upon exercise, conversion, or vesting of outstanding options, stock grants, shares issuable for the payment of services.
The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold by investors or the perception that such sales could
occur, often called  equity overhang,  could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair
our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities in the future. 

The
rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock.    

Our Board has the right, without
stockholder approval, to issue shares of preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights. This
could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock which could be issued with the right
to more than one vote per share, and could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control.
Michael Hansen, the Company s President and CEO, owns 185,000 shares of  Super-Voting Preferred Stock  which
entitles him to 40 votes per share of Super Voting Preferred Stock or 7.4 million votes of common stock. 

The
power to issue additional shares of preferred stock or common stock could, in some situations, have the effect of discouraging
and/or rendering more difficult a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or any other attempt to obtain control of the Company. This
may limit the opportunity for stockholders to dispose of their shares at the higher price generally available in takeover attempts
or that may be available under a merger proposal. Although we have no present intention to issue any additional shares of preferred
stock or to create any new series of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None 

ITEM
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY   

The Company s facilities
currently consist of leased properties in the following two domestic locations: (i) in Boca Raton, Florida for its headquarters
office for a 39-month term expiring March 31, 2019, and (ii) in Kirkland, Washington on a month-to-month basis until December
31, 2016. 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 1515 S. Federal Highway, Suite 307, Boca Raton, Florida 33432.  

As part of the plan to relocate
its worldwide headquarters from Bellevue, Washington to Boca Raton Florida, Ominto agreed to expand the Boca Raton headquarters
in June 2016 and extended the term of its lease. The premises which currently are deemed to contain Two Thousand Six Hundred Thirty
(2,630) rentable square feet (the  Premises ) shall be increased by Two Thousand Nine Hundred Thirty Seven (2,937)
rentable square feet known as suite 308 so that following said increase, the Premises shall be deemed to contain Five Thousand
Five Hundred Sixty Seven (5,567) rentable square feet. Beginning June, 2016, the Base Rental to be paid by the Company for the
Premises shall remain as set forth in the original Lease currently payable in the amount of Eighteen and 50/100 Dollars ($18.50)
per rentable square foot per annum (plus Common Area Maintenance ( CAM ), sales tax and a 3% increase per annum). 

In an effort to reduce overhead,
the Company s facilities in Portland, Oregon; Draper, Utah; Denver, Colorado and Bellevue, Washington were all closed prior
to September 30, 2016. Lease termination charges totaled approximately $72,000 during fiscal year 2016. 

We
believe that all leased facilities are in good operating condition, the facilities are suitable for their intended purposes and
they have capacities adequate for current operations.  

Land   

The
Company owns a land parcel consisting of 15 undeveloped lots in the Cayman Islands which was acquired in March 2010. The investment
in the land parcel is intended to provide incentive rewards to the best performing DubLi Network Business Associates upon attaining
certain performance objectives. We have not awarded any lots to date.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries including its directors and officers may be defendants in or
parties to pending or threatened legal actions and proceedings, including actions brought on behalf of various classes of claimants.
When applicable, we record accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of
loss can be reasonably estimated. In addition to the matters described herein, we are involved in or subject to, or may become
involved in or subject to, routine litigation, claims, disputes, proceedings and investigations in the ordinary course of business,
which in our opinion will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market
for Our Common Stock    

Our
common stock, par value $0.001, is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol  OMNT  (formerly  DUBL 
until July 1, 2015). Until January 1, 2013, our shares of common stock were quoted on the OTCBB.  

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported
by the OTC Pink Marketplace. The prices below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and
may not represent actual transactions.  

Closing
Bid Prices  :  

On November 6, 2015, we effectuated a 1-for-50
reverse stock, which was previously approved by our Board of Directors. All issued and outstanding common stock, options for common
stock, restricted stock awards, warrants, and convertible debt, and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
this Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. The par value of the common stock and Super-Voting Preferred was not adjusted
as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split reduced the Company s authorized shares from 700 million
shares to 14 million shares. The voting and conversion rights of the Super-Voting Preferred have been retroactively adjusted to
reflect this Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented.  As of December 15, 2016, the last sales price reported on the
OTC Pink Marketplace for our common  stock was $3.28 per share. Also refer to the Subsequent
Events section on page 43.  

Stockholders    

At
September 30, 2016, there were approximately 3,497 stockholders of record of our common stock.  

Dividends    

We
have not declared any cash dividends on our shares of common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying any dividends
in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain all future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payment of
dividends will depend on our earnings, financial position and other factors that the Board deems relevant.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Not
Applicable.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following discussion and analysis of
the financial condition and results of our operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
to those statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained
in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors above and elsewhere
in this report.    

Overview    

Ominto is a global e-commerce company that
owns and operates global online shopping and loyalty websites along with a network marketing subsidiary, DubLi Network. Ominto
and its DubLi Network subsidiary currently serve customers in more than 100 countries. Through Ominto s unique e-commerce
platform, shoppers can browse through different categories of products, which feature international and local brands, travel,
coupons, discounts and vouchers and receive Cash Back on their purchases ( Cash Back ). Depending on the market, Ominto s
websites feature some of the world s most popular local and global brands including Amazon.in , Wal-Mart , Nike ,
Hotels.com , Groupon  and Expedia . Ominto receives a commission each time shoppers make a purchase on its shopping
portal and a portion of those commissions are passed along to our customers in the form of Cash Back. 

At Ominto owned and operated shopping
websites, consumers shop at the same online stores they normally frequent and earn Cash Back with each purchase. The Company s
personalized shopping platform is used to deliver coupons, deals, and Cash Back to shoppers each time they return to the personalized
platform to shop online. Ominto builds its shopping networks by contracting with third parties, called Affiliate Networks, who
have relationships with thousands of global, online merchants and travel booking sites. Our new Ominto.com website, which was launched
in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, powers and operates the DubLi.com website which serves customers in over 100 countries. The
enhanced Ominto platform recognizes each customer's preferred shopping locations and delivers a tailored shopping experience including
preferred stores, language, currency and deals as well as relevant direct marketing messages. 

The recently launched Ominto platform
will offer a sophisticated level of personalization rarely seen in the online Cash Back shopping industry. We will have the ability
to personalize the customer s experience based on the customer s activities on the shopping portal as well as the consumer's
indicated interest preferences. As the customer s activities increase on our shopping portals over time, the level of personalization
of the customer s experience also increases. By offering a shopping experience that becomes more customized with each subsequent
activity on the site, we are able to increase customer loyalty which is paramount to differentiating ourselves in the competitive
landscape of the Cash Back industry. 

Ominto is expanding its offerings of
customized shopping websites to business clients ( Partners ) in its Partner program. We expect to create new revenue
through membership fees and maintenance fees arising from new sites designed for our Partners. Ominto will continue to offer its
co-branded websites to Partners, both as a selling tool for DubLi Network Business Associates (our independent marketing associates
for the DubLi Network) and for new Partners that are obtained by and in conjunction with the in-house partner support group. Our
co-branded shopping websites allow our business clients to offer their own customers the ability to earn Cash Back. We believe
that Partners can enhance their own customers' loyalty while monetizing their customer database. Our customized Cash Back websites
give our Partners an ability to leverage their relationships with more than their customers; they can add employees, investors
and donors to the shopping website as well. Our portals will assist our business customers in engaging their customers on their
shopping website with seasonal promotional messaging, email campaigns and banner advertisements. Business customers will direct
their consumer members/constituents to their own branded websites, which is the consumer-facing component of Ominto.com s
e-commerce platform. The enhanced online shopping experience helps connect us and our business clients to their large and engaged
customer base. 

Ominto operates the DubLi Network through
a wholly-owned subsidiary. DubLi Network is a direct sales and network marketing ecosystem that drives consumer traffic to DubLi.com,
DubLi Network s online shopping portal product that leverages our unique online Cash Back shopping platform. DubLi.com enables
its visitors to purchase products offered by various online stores, including consumer products, travel related-products and services
and then receive Cash Back rewards. Following the launch of Ominto.com in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, Ominto.com s
platform powers DubLi.com s platform and other business customers  customized shopping websites. DubLi Network offers
licensing packages and membership packages to independent marketing representatives known as Business Associates ( BAs ).
Many of our BAs have been with Ominto since its inception. We believe DubLi Network has become one of the largest direct selling
e-commerce companies in the world. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board,
( FASB ), issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 
( ASU 2014-09 ). The new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine
when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017
and shall be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Early
adoption is permitted as of the effective date. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU
2014-15 requires that for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there
are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date
that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the
annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is
permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest Imputation
of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU-2015-03 ). ASU 2015-03 requires companies to
present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed for financial
statements that have not been previously issued. Entities would apply the new guidance retrospectively to all prior periods (i.e.,
the balance sheet for each period is adjusted). The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 requires that lessees recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for any lease classified
as either a finance or operating lease that is not considered short-term. The accounting applied by lessors is largely consistent
from the existing lease standard. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2018. Lessees and lessors will be required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the
earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. We have obligations under lease agreements for facilities, which
are classified as operating leases under the existing lease standard. We are still evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have
on the consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation
- Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). The
standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax
consequences and classifications. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on
our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  ( ASU
2016-08 ), in April 2016 issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ), and in May 2016, issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16
Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting  ( ASU 2016-11 ) .  ASU 2016-08 clarifies
principal versus agent considerations relating to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or
service to a customer. ASU 2016-08 requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide a good or service
to a customer, or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party. This determination is based
upon whether the entity controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer. When the entity that satisfies a
performance obligation is the principal, the entity recognizes the gross amount of consideration as revenue. When the entity that
satisfies the performance obligation is the agent, it recognizes the amount of any fee or commission as revenue. ASU 2016-10 clarifies
the guidance in Topic 606 for identifying performance obligations in a contract as well as the implementation guidance pertaining
to revenue recognition related to licensing arrangements. ASU 2016-11 rescinds several SEC Staff Announcements that are codified
in Topic 605, including, among other items, guidance relating to accounting for consideration given by a vendor to a customer,
as well as accounting for shipping and handling fees and freight services. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that
the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU 2016-12 ), which provides
clarification on certain topics within ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ),
including assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, the measurement date for non-cash consideration and completed
contracts at transition, as well as providing a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition. The effective date
and transition requirements for the amendments in ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and
transition requirements of ASU 2014-09, which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the expected adoption method and potential effect of these ASUs on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,  Investments-Equity
Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323: Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  ( ASU 2016-07 ).
ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement that an investor retrospectively apply the equity method of accounting when an investment
becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence.
ASU 2016-07 requires that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the
current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment
becomes qualified for equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect
that this ASU will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15
reduces diversity in practice by providing guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement
of cash flows . ASU 2016-15 clarifies that when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more
than one class of cash flows and cannot be separated, classification will depend on the predominant source or use.  ASU 2016-15
is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the potential effect
of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  

In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-17 , Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests
Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control  ( ASU 2016-17 ). ASU 2016-17 changes how a reporting
entity considers indirect interests held by related parties under common control when evaluating whether it is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE. ASU 2016-17 is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effect of this
ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16 , Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  ( ASU 2016-16 ), which eliminates the
existing exception in U.S. GAAP prohibiting the recognition of the income tax consequences for intra-entity asset transfers. Under
ASU 2016-16, entities will be required to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory
when the transfer occurs. ASU 2016-16 is effective on a modified retrospective basis for fiscal years, and for interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the potential effect of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

Foreign Currency  

Financial statements of foreign subsidiaries operating
in other than highly inflationary economies are translated at period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and historical
exchange rates during the period for income and expense accounts. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss. Financial statements of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are translated
using a combination of current and historical exchange rates and any translation adjustments are included in current earnings.
Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are recorded in operating expense. The Company has no subsidiaries
operating in highly inflationary economies. 

In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 830,  Foreign Currency Matters,  companies with foreign operations or foreign currency transactions are
required to prepare the statement of cash flows using the exchange rates in effect at the time of the cash flows. The Company uses
an appropriately weighted average exchange rate for the period for translation if the result is substantially the same as if the
rates at the dates of the cash flows were used. The condensed consolidated statement of cash flows reports the effect of exchange
rate changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies as a separate part of the reconciliation of the change in cash and cash
equivalents during the year. 

During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, our revenues from continuing operations were generated primarily from (a) business license fees paid by BAs and Partner
Program business customers who established customer websites for their own customers; (b) membership subscription fees from BAs
and their customers  VIP membership packages; (c) commission income from participating online stores affiliated with our
online shopping portal arising from the purchase transactions our customers generated; and (d) advertising and marketing programs. 

Our
revenues from discontinued operations for the year ended September 30, 2016 were recognized from Credits breakage associated with
inactive BAs from our discontinued reverse auction program which previously sold  Credits  (rights to make bids in
our auctions) that were designed to offer savings on the customer s purchases.  

The
components of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 are summarized as follows:  

E-commerce
and Memberships:  

E-commerce
and memberships:   

We
offer our shoppers a free membership and a paid VIP membership that allows them to earn varying amounts of Cash Back from the
purchases that they make online through our shopping sites. We discontinued the Premium membership package in March 2015. The
VIP membership subscription package allows our customers to earn a higher percentage of Cash Back on their purchases with an
annual subscription fee.  

Ominto
has relationships with thousands of online stores and travel companies from around the world that pay us a commission, usually
as a percentage of sales, based on the sales price of the products purchased by consumers that we have directed to their sites.
Ominto, in turn, returns some of these commissions to the shopper as Cash Back. The merchants participate in our shopping mall
to incentivize customers to shop with them. Cash Back amounts are clearly stated throughout the website. The Cash Back percentage
varies from store to store, and on the type of membership the consumer has obtained from us. Our business clients and BAs earn
a commission from us, based on these purchase transactions generated by their referred customers.  

Multiple-element
arrangements : 

When Dubli Network sells business licenses, VIP membership
vouchers, training and certification programs and marketing programs to BAs in bundles, the transaction price is allocated to
each component of Revenue in proportion to the stand-alone selling price. Stand-alone selling price is based on vendor-specific
objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value. VSOE of fair value is determined based on the price charged where each
deliverable is sold separately or a price set by management with the relevant authority. 

Licensing
fees:   

We require each of our DubLi Network BAs to
purchase an initial business license from us to begin his/her or its sales of DubLi s products. For-profit business clients
are required to pay an initial registration fee. Effective April 2014 the monthly maintenance fee was replaced by a mandatory
minimum purchase requirement (Refer to the  Revenue Recognition  paragraph on page 39 below); our BAs were required
to purchase our membership products for resale in the form of qualifying vouchers or membership packages for BAs or membership
packages for DubLi.com s customers as described below. Our for-profit business clients typically pay a monthly maintenance
fee to continue access to their co-branded websites. 

Our
business:    

We
intend to cost effectively increase our revenues to become profitable through several initiatives. We are improving the appeal
and usability of our shopping portals, which we believe will increase shopper purchases on the portals. To that end, we have redesigned
the portal and launched our new portal in the third fiscal quarter of 2016. Given the significant expansion of purchases made
from mobile devices, we have developed a mobile app. The new site will allow us to offer a site that is easier to use, more responsive
to each shopper's preferences and a personalized shopping experience. We expect these features to increase each shopper's number
of visits to and use of our shopping site.  

The
quality of the merchants available on our site is essential to our success, and the number and quality of our participating merchants
has improved as our business has matured. We expect the number and type of merchants to remain similar to our current merchant
offerings. Of course, we will continue to add new countries to our site, with an emphasis on the Pacific Rim and India, and we
will concurrently add local merchants. More important, we have expanded our internal Affiliate Network team so that we can offer
localized and specialized advertisements to both improve the value we offer our members and increase our revenues. We will continue
to refine our advertising offerings to best maximize benefits to our merchants and to our members.  

During
the periods reported, we depended primarily on our BAs to market the portal to shoppers and to business clients. Our focus has
shifted to obtaining business clients, and, through these business clients, obtaining individual shoppers in large numbers. We
have a new in-house partnership program team that markets customized shopping portals to business clients with a customer base
over 50,000. The value proposition to the business client includes both commissions and an opportunity to enhance relations with
its own consumers by offering them our valuable Cash Back service.  

We
recognize that to realize the full benefit of our business clients we need to provide on-going client assistance. Our larger business
clients will be assisted in engaging their constituents on the site, which we believe will markedly increase the constituent members'
use of our site. Similarly, we are also finalizing a new training program for our most successful BAs to learn how to improve
selling and account management capabilities, including showing them how to teach business clients with a customer base in excess
of 10,000 to engage with their own members. These new efforts to engage customers of business clients have no prior period comparisons.
Our success from these programs will be derived from the number of members added, retention of business customers' members, and
how much those new members engage with our site, as opposed to, for example, the number of BAs participating in our business or
the total number of members enrolled from all sources. Our new site, as well as our current and upcoming efforts to engage business
clients' constituent members, will allow us to focus on and emphasize the most successful methods of customer engagement. We do
not believe that a comparison of the number of business customers, members, business associates or their historical retention
rates will be helpful in understanding our new business model or the future success of our business.  

We
plan to offer free Ominto apps in the iOS App Store and Google Play Store to strengthen our brand awareness and provide an even
more convenient shopping experience for our shoppers. This initiative will leverage the desire of many mobile device owners for
mobile apps rather than mobile websites. In addition, the mobile app will allow us to offer localized coupons and specials on
a real-time basis to our customers. We will also be able to ensure that mobile sales and commissions owed to our shoppers are
accurately tracked.  

Trends
in Our Business   

We continue to focus our resources on potentially more
profitable programs related to our e-commerce shopping site. We believe that shopping transactions continue to shift from traditional
brick and mortar to online retailers as the digital economy evolves. This shift enables us to grow revenues. However, our revenue
growth rate to date may not be sustainable due to factors, including increasing competition, and increasing maturity of the online
shopping market. We plan to continue to invest in our shopping platform and increase our customer base through Partner programs
and our growing global network of BAs, but cannot provide any assurance that such investments will result in increased revenues
or net income. 

In order to increase the sale of our Cash Back
products, we are working to add dedicated white-label and co-branded Cash Back shopping sites through Partner programs that
include both for-profit and non-profit organizations which we believe will increase the number of shoppers purchasing VIP
memberships through our shopping platform. Such Partners offer these shopping sites to their own customers. We believe this
will increase the number of shoppers purchasing products and services through our sites. We have also begun to implement
incentive offerings to further engage shoppers when visiting our sites to increase revenues from commissions as well as to
introduce new advertising programs to increase our advertising revenues from our participating online merchants. 

Traditional retail seasonality has affected our results
of operations, and is likely to continue to do so. Online shopping generally decreases during the summer months, and shopping (whether
traditional or e-commerce) typically increases significantly during the holiday season in the fourth quarter of each calendar year.
These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results. 

Increasing our revenues requires investment in information
technology infrastructure and human resources. We expect Partner Programs and expanding our merchant base further in local markets
and into new markets and countries to be an important component in our business strategy. We expect that the gross cost of revenues
will increase and may also increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods, primarily due to forecasted increases in costs,
including customer acquisition costs, data center costs, credit card and other transaction fees and content acquisition costs. 

As we expand our shopping platform and register
new BAs and Partner Programs in additional international markets, we continue to increase our exposure to fluctuations in foreign
currency to US dollar exchange rates. 

Results
of Operations    

Organization
of Information   

This section provides a narrative on our
financial performance and condition, which should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying
notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report and includes use of estimates and critical accounting policies, results of operations,
liquidity and capital resources, and subsequent events. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur
in future periods. 

COMPARISON
OF FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015   

Consolidated
Results   

Revenues for the 2016 fiscal year decreased
to $17.7 million in fiscal year 2016 from $21.3 million in fiscal year 2015. The decrease was primarily a result of decreased sales
of VIP memberships, commission income from purchases on the portal and advertising and marketing revenue due primarily to the delay
in the launch of our new Ominto platform until the third quarter of 2016. Gross income decreased to $6.9 million in fiscal year
2016 from $8.2 million in fiscal year 2015 as a result of the lower sales mentioned above, offset by lower cost of revenue from
lower commission expenses as a percent of revenue. The loss from continuing operations decreased to $10.3 million in fiscal year
2016 from $12.2 million in fiscal year 2015 primarily as a result of a decrease of $4.0 million in non-cash equity compensation
and a $509,000 decrease in the fair value of a derivative liability partially offset by an increase of $1.5 million in Rent and
office expenses. Expenses are described in more detail below. Net losses for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
$10.3 million and $11.7 million, respectively. 

Continuing
Operations   

Selling, general and administrative
( SGA ) expenses were approximately $17.5 million and $19.6 million for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Costs were lower due to lower non-cash equity compensation. Payroll costs for fiscal year 2016 included $3.1 million
in non-cash equity compensation compared to $7.1 million in fiscal year 2015. Rent and Office expenses increased due to lease terminations
expenses for several facilities closed during the 2016 fiscal year and to expanded facilities at our new Boca Raton headquarters.
Other increases included higher outside service fees for offshore staff and higher banking and processing fees. Details of our
SGA expenses are summarized as follows:  

We recorded impairment charges during the year ended
September 30, 2015 of approximately $324,000 to reduce the carrying values of our existing portal. Also in 2015 we recorded a $409,000
charge to increase the fair value of a derivative liability related to warrants issued in connection with the convertible note.  

We conduct business globally and report our results
of operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions in addition to the United States. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, our reported income tax rate is lower than the US federal statutory rate primarily due to lower income tax rates in the foreign
jurisdictions where we operate, and as a result of net income or losses for the respective years, the utilization of net operating
loss carry-forwards and the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 

Discontinued Operations  

Net loss from discontinued operations was approximately
$31,000 during fiscal year 2016 compared to net income from discontinued operations of $540,000 during year 2015. The decrease
of approximately $509,000 was primarily due to: (i) lower revenues recognized for unused credits associated with inactive Business
Associates in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015.  

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment  

Our net revenues and related expenses generated from
international locations are denominated in the functional currencies of the local countries, primarily in Euros. The results of
operations and certain of our intercompany balances associated with our international locations are exposed to foreign exchange
rate fluctuations. The consolidated statements of operations of our international subsidiaries are translated into US dollars
at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. The average rate of the US dollar/  strengthened from $1.32 for
fiscal year 2015 to $1.12 for fiscal year 2016 thereby decreasing consolidated net revenues, operating expenses, and loss
from continuing operations. 

The closing exchange rates between the
US dollar/Euro in effect were $1.12 to 1.00  at September 30, 2016 and $1.32 to 1.00  at September 30, 2015.
The closing exchange rates between the AED/Euro in effect were AED 1.46 to 1.00  at September 30, 2016 and AED 1.26 to
1.00  at September 30, 2015. The closing exchange rates between the US dollar/Rupee in effect were $1.00 to 66.23 INR
at September 30, 2016 and $1.00 to 66.66 INR at September 30, 2015. 

For the year ended
September 30, 2016, the foreign currency translation represented a loss of $19,469 for the year ended September 30, 2016 and a
gain of approximately $1.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, due to lower fluctuations in currency exchange rates
during fiscal year 2016. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

Our primary source of liquidity is from cash generated
from equity financing and debt financing and short term advances. Our primary liquidity needs are for working capital, investments/acquisitions,
and repayment of debt and advances. 

The
Company s Board of Directors and Executive Management reasonably believes that the Company will continue to exist to carry
out all objectives, commitments, and stated goals for the immediate future. Profitability and positive cash flows from operations
continue to improve. There is no significant information available to the contrary, as the company is currently able to meet all
current and immediate obligations without substantial asset sales or restructuring. Also, with the introduction of the new operations
platform and business model and the arrival of new Executive Management members, Management believes that the financial and business
trends will continue to be positive for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, there are no known loan defaults, denial of trade
credit from suppliers, and no known adverse legal proceedings that could materially affect the Company. 

We continue
to update our product offerings which places additional demands on future cash flows. Our future cash flow and capital requirements
will depend on numerous factors including market acceptance of our future products, revenues generated from operations, the impact
of competitive product offerings, and whether we are successful in acquiring additional customers on a large scale through partners.
We intend to increase our marketing efforts in order to grow our network of BAs which we expect will improve sales of our e-commerce
products. The marketing efforts will place additional demands on our cash flows. We cannot offer any assurance that we will be
successful in generating revenues from operations; adequately dealing with competitive pressures; acquiring complementary products,
technologies or business; or increasing our marketing efforts. Our plans for the long-term include generating cash flows from
the profitable operation of our business and financing our operations through sales of our common stock and/or debt. 

The Company had a working capital
deficit (defined as current assets less current liabilities) of approximately $9.6 million as of September 30, 2016. 

We generated net cash flows from operating
activities of approximately $1.7 million during fiscal year 2016 consisting primarily of the positive effect of net changes in
assets and liabilities. 

We used net cash flows from investing
activities of $729,000 during fiscal year 2016 due to our capital expenditures. 

We generated net cash flows from financing activities totaling $5.0 million during
fiscal year 2016. Our financing activities consisted primarily of (i) the sale of approximately 821,000 shares of our common stock
to various investors for cash consideration totaling $3.4 million and (ii) proceeds from convertible debt of $1.4 million. And
(iii) the exercise of warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock totaling $250,000.  

On October 12, 2015, a foreign investor
exercised warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at $2.50 per share and paid consideration totaling $250,000. 

During November of 2015, the Company
issued additional convertible notes in the amount of $1.4 million bringing the total convertible notes outstanding to $4.7 million,
net of a discount of $306,000. During November, 2015, the Company converted the carrying value of $4.7 million of convertible notes,
plus $299,000 of interest owed to the holders into 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $6.25 per share. 

On January 15, 2016, we sold 26,533
shares of common stock at $8.00 per share for total cash consideration of $0.2 million to a private investor. 

On February 19, 2016 and February 22,
2016, we sold a total of 40,002 shares of common stock at a price of $3.75 per share for total cash consideration of $150,000 to
three of our independent directors.  

During September 2016, the Company sold
754,954 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in unregistered private placement for total cash consideration of $3.0 million
to various investors. 

As of September 30, 2016, private placement
shares totaling 791,206 shares have not yet been issued due to certain administrative and documentation requirements. The shares
are committed for issuance and are reflected as issued and outstanding on the books of the Company, but stock certificates were
not issued as of September 30, 2016. The shares were included in the Company s basic and diluted weighted average shares
computation for the year ended September 30, 2016. Certificates for these shares committed for issuance will be issued during fiscal
year 2017. 

In addition, 113,950 shares of common stock awarded
to employees and Directors as compensation in lieu of salaries and Director fees were also committed for issuance, and are not
yet recorded on the books of the Company at par, stock certificates were not issued due to certain administrative and documentation
requirements and they were not included in the Company s basic and diluted weighted average shares computation for the year
ended September 30, 2016. The Company recorded this obligation in Accounts Payable and Due to Related Party as of September 30,
2016. Certificates for these shares committed for issuance were issued on November 30, 2016. 

Beginning
in January 2016, we implemented a series of changes to streamline our organization and reduce monthly operating expenses. Our
efforts focused on reducing staffing costs, transferring certain functions to lower cost locations, consolidating our operations
to fewer locations, and reducing our efforts on activities not related to our core operations. These changes were designed to
conserve our resources and allow for continued investment in the completion and launch of our new Ominto.com and its related DubLi.com
technology platform. The new platform launched in May 2016. As of the date of this filing it is still too early to tell if the
platform will lead to the revenue growth the Company anticipates.  

Also refer to  Subsequent Events 
section on page 43. 

Cash
in Foreign Subsidiaries   

The Company has significant operations outside the
United States. As a result, cash generated by and used in the Company's foreign operations is used only in amounts sufficient
to pay general and administrative expenses in the US, or to fund certain US operational costs. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
held approximately $8.4 million of unrestricted and approximately $1.0 million of restricted cash in foreign subsidiaries. 

Should
foreign cash be repatriated, the Company will be subject to US tax at the applicable US federal statutory rate on the amount treated
as a dividend for US income tax purposes. Dividend treatment will largely be the result of the collective financial position of
the foreign subsidiaries at the time of repatriation. Any US income tax attributable to repatriated earnings may be offset by
foreign income taxes paid on such earnings. Due to the significance of our foreign operations, the Company does not presently
foresee a need to repatriate foreign cash in excess of our US funding needs.  

Use
of Estimates and Critical Accounting Policies    

Management s
use of estimates and assumptions   

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America required management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, deferred liabilities and accruals for incentive awards at the
date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Examples, though not all-inclusive, of such items include estimates and assumptions for loss contingencies, depreciation or amortization
of the economic useful life of an asset, stock-based compensation forfeiture rates, fair values, impairments of investment and
other assets, potential outcomes of future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial
statements or tax return, incentive awards and deferred liabilities. We based our estimates on historical experience and on various
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may materially
differ from these estimates.  

Critical Accounting Policies  

The following items in our consolidated financial statements required significant estimates and judgments:  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Computers and equipment, computer software, furniture and fixtures are depreciated over five
years. Leasehold improvements included in furniture and fixtures are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Land is not amortized. The cost of maintenance and repairs of equipment is charged to expense when incurred. When the Company
sells, disposes or retires property and equipment, the related gains or losses are included in operating results.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

In
accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment - Subsequent Measurement  ( ASC 360 ), the Company reviews
the carrying value of its long-lived assets annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical
cost-carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. The Company assesses recoverability of the carrying value of the
asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset, including eventual disposition. The estimate
of cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about expected future operating performance, growth rates
and other factors. Estimates of undiscounted cash flows may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, technological
changes, economic conditions, changes to the business model or changes in operating performance. If the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows (excluding interest) is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss will be recognized, measured as the amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is determined using available market data, comparable
asset quotes and/or discounted cash flow models.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenues in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition  which requires that four basic criteria be
met before revenues can be recognized: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred or services
have been rendered; (iii) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination
of criteria (iii) and (iv) are based on Management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products
delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and cash back to customers, estimated returns
and allowances, and other adjustments are recorded in the same period the related revenues are recorded. The Company defers
any revenues that are subject to refund, and, for which the product has not been delivered or the service has not been rendered.  

DubLi Network, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
has a global network marketing organization with Business Associate ( BA ) representatives in many countries throughout
the world. The Company offers BAs a wide variety of products and services to sell to their customers, many of whom are also recruited
to become Business Associates themselves. BAs earn commissions on sales of products and services that they sell directly, and
earn commissions on  downstream  sales of products and services made by BAs that they recruit into the marketing network.
The Company also offers various membership packages to customers and a program for business clients ( Partner program )
whereby customers are recruited by the Partner. 

The
Company s revenue recognition policies for each of its products and services are as follows:  

E-commerce
and memberships   

Business
        license fees - Business Associates pay an initial business license fee and partner program participants (excluding not-for-profit
        organizations) pay a setup fee for the marketing and training services provided by the Company which enables them to begin
        their sales operations in selling DubLi s products and services. The business license fee or partner setup fee is
        recognized as revenue ratably over twelve months.  
             
          Effective
        March 2014, our BAs were no longer required pay a monthly fee to maintain their current membership status which was recorded
        as revenue in the respective period for which it was paid. Partner Program participants continue to pay a monthly maintenance
        fee which is recorded as revenue in the respective period for which it is paid.    

Membership subscription fees - (i) Effective
        April 2014 our BAs are required to purchase our membership subscription products for resale in the form of a qualifying VIP membership
        or VIP membership packages for BAs or membership packages for DubLi s customers as described under item (ii) below. These
        membership subscription products have a shelf life of twelve months. Revenue is recognized ratably over a twelve-month period when
        any membership subscription product is activated or immediately upon expiry; and (ii) DubLi customers who purchase a VIP membership
        package pay on an annual basis. The monthly subscription fee is recorded as revenue in the respective period for which it was paid
        and the annual subscription fee is recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
           
         Multi-element Arrangements   When
        Dubli Network sells  business licenses, VIP membership vouchers, training and certification programs and marketing programs
        to BAs in bundles,  the transaction price is allocated to each component of Revenue in proportion to the stand-alone selling
        price. Stand-alone selling price is based on vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value. VSOE of fair
        value is determined based on the price charged where each deliverable is sold separately or a price set by management with the
        relevant authority. 
           
         At the end of the fourth quarter of
        fiscal 2015, the Company concluded that it had accumulated a sufficient level of historical data from a large pool of homogenous
        transactions to allow management to reasonably and objectively determine an estimated unused and expired VIP voucher rate and the
        pattern of VIP voucher redemptions. Under this method, revenue is recognized and the VIP voucher liability is derecognized for
        unredeemed VIP vouchers in proportion to actual VIP voucher redemptions. The Company believes this method is preferable to recognizing
        revenue on expiration or use, because it better reflects the VIP voucher earnings process. In accordance with Accounting Standards
        Codification (ASC) Topic 250,  Accounting Changes and Error Corrections,  the Company concluded this accounting change
        represented a change in accounting estimate effected by a change in accounting principle and included a revision in expected redemptions
        based on VIP voucher redemption patterns. Accordingly, we accounted for the change as a change in estimate utilizing the cumulative
        catch-up method. The impact of the cumulative catch-up recorded at the end of the fourth quarter 2015 was to reduce VIP voucher
        deferred revenue and increase Revenue by approximately $9.3 million. 

Membership Voucher Revenue is based
on an analysis of estimated breakage and redemption effective rates.   The breakage percentage rates are estimated based
on historical trends and are adjusted periodically based on actual breakage rates. Membership Voucher Revenue and Deferred Revenue
calculations are based on a ratable/ waterfall  method whereby the monthly purchases are allocated between redeemed
vouchers and estimated breakage. This allocation is then amortized over a 12-month period.  The allocations are based on actual
experience from inception to the current date. Our evaluation of the redemption rates in 2016 revealed that the historical assumptions
used in fiscal year 2015 should be changed.  In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 250,  Accounting
Changes and Error Corrections,  the Company concluded this accounting change represented a change in accounting estimate.
This change in our assumptions resulted in an increase in Revenue of approximately $575,000, a decrease in our Loss from operations
of approximately $287,500 , a decrease in our Net loss of approximately $287,500 and a decrease in our Loss per share for
the 2016 fiscal year by approximately $0.02/per share.  

We believe it is appropriate to recognize
        revenues on this basis in order to more closely match revenue and related costs. We believe that the use of recent historical data
        is reasonable and appropriate because of the relative stability of the average actual number of VIP membership s redeemed.   

Commissions - The Company receives varying percentages in commission income earned from merchants participating in its online shopping malls. These commissions are calculated based upon the agreed rates with the participating merchants on all our customer's transactions processed through our online mall platform and are recognized on an accrual basis from data obtained from the merchant. A percentage of the commission income is payable, in the form of cash back, to the customer for all purchase transactions. The amount of cash back on the regular free membership is accrued as a reduction of commission income is the amount that is equivalent to the Cash Back paid to customers and is recognized at the time the commission income is recognized. The amount of cash back due to customers with the VIP membership is recorded as a Cost of Revenue. Commissions receivable from merchants is included in other receivables and prepaid expenses and total $120,000 and $480,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Advertising
    and marketing   The Company offers three advertising programs which are sold to BAs and/or Partners in advance of several
    planned television and telemarketing advertising campaigns to generate new DubLi.com shopping customers for our BAs and/or
    Partners. Revenues for the respective advertising and marketing programs are recognized at a fixed rate per customer allocated
    to BAs in accordance with the terms and obligations under the programs or upon expiration based upon the following criteria
    - (i) when the Business Associate became inactive for twelve months and redemption was deemed remote, (ii) when the BA accepted
    an exchange under any replacement program, or (iii) when waivers and releases were obtained from the BA.   

Deferred
Revenues   

Deferred
subscription fee revenues relate to unearned revenues associated with VIP memberships. The Company sells membership and payments
are received in advance of customers using the membership.  

Auctions
(Discontinued operations)   

Any
remaining unused credits owned by Business Associates following the discontinuance of the Company s reverse auction program
in March 2013 have been reclassified as liabilities of discontinued operations. Unused credits associated with inactive BAs are
recognized as revenues twelve months after the termination of the reverse auction program or when waivers and releases are obtained
from BAs who have opted to accept any replacement program.  

Cost
of revenues     

Cost
of revenues are principally commissions based upon each BA s volume of sales, any related subsequent/  Down-line 
sales by other BAs under the sponsoring BAs and purchase transactions through our shopping portal made by customers under the
sponsoring BA. Commissions due to BAs at the time of such transaction are recorded as deferred costs until the corresponding revenues
are recognized. From time-to-time we offer special incentive bonuses that are recognized when the BA meets the sales target goals
or specific criteria, and are recorded as deferred costs which are then expensed ratably as the corresponding revenues are recognized.  

Cost
of revenues also includes commissions paid to Partners and Cash Back paid to customers that is in excess of Cash Back paid to
customers with a free membership.  

Commissions
and other incremental direct costs including credit card processing fees in connection with the discontinued auction program are
reported as cost of revenues under discontinued operations.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ) under which deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and net operating loss and credit carry forwards, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected
to be realized. A provision for income tax expense is recognized for income taxes payable for the current period, plus the net
changes in deferred tax amounts.  

In
accordance with ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,  the Company adopted a more-likely-than-not threshold
for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. This interpretation
also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax
assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim
periods and income tax disclosures.  

In
the event of a distribution of the earnings of certain international subsidiaries, the Company would be subject to withholding
taxes payable on those distributions to the relevant foreign taxing authorities. Since the Company currently intends to reinvest
undistributed earnings of these international subsidiaries indefinitely, the Company has made no provision for income taxes that
might be payable upon the remittance or repatriation of these earnings. The Company has also not determined the amount of tax
liability associated with an unplanned distribution of these permanently reinvested earnings. In the event that in the future
the Company considers that there is a reasonable likelihood of the distribution of the earnings of these international subsidiaries
(for example, if the Company intends to use those distributions to meet our liquidity needs), the Company will be required to
make a provision for the estimated resulting tax liability, which will be subject to the evaluations and judgments of uncertainties
described above.  

The
Company conducts business globally and, as a result, one or more of our subsidiaries file income tax returns in US federal and
state, and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities
in the countries in which each respective company operates. The Company is currently under ongoing tax examinations in several
countries. While such examinations are subject to inherent uncertainties, the Company does not currently anticipate that any such
examination would have a material adverse impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The
Company has adopted ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ) for measurement and disclosures
about the fair value of its financial instruments. ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with
GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements
and related disclosures, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three levels of fair
value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are:  

Level
1 - Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;  

Level
2 - Inputs (other than quoted market prices included in Level1) are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset
or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the instrument's anticipated
life; and  

Level
3 - Inputs reflect Management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at
the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs
to the model. Valuation of instruments includes unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of fair value of assets or liabilities.  

Determining
which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. We evaluate our hierarchy disclosures
each quarter. Liabilities measured at fair value are summarized as follows as of:  

September
30, 2016:   

Level 1       
     Level 2       
     Level 3       
     Total     
 
     Derivative liability    
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $        

September
30, 2015:  

The
fair value liability for warrants has been recorded as determined utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model.   

As
defined by ASC 820, the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale, which was further clarified as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability ( an exit price ) in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities, such as cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other receivables and prepaid expenses, deferred costs, accounts payable,
Business Associates payable, other payables and accrued liabilities, amounts due to a related party, unearned subscription fees
and advertising, and liability of discontinued operations approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments.  

Stock
Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
in accordance with ASC 718,  Share-Based Compensation , which requires the use of the fair value method to determine compensation
for all arrangements under which employees and others receive shares of stock or equity instruments (warrants and options). The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of the stock option grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model that
uses assumptions for expected volatility, expected dividends, expected term, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatility
is based on weighted average of the historical volatility of the Company s common stock and selected peer group comparable
volatilities and other factors estimated over the expected term of the options. The expected term of stock options granted is
derived using the  simplified method  which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term plus
the contract term. The risk-free rate is based on the US Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period of
the expected term. The Company reduces its stock compensation expense for actual forfeitures of unvested stock options and warrants
in the period in which the forfeiture occurs. 

Subsequent
Events    

During Oct ober
2016, the Company sold 255,000 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in a private placement to a group of foreign investors
totaling $1.02 million.  

During October 2016, the Company s
shareholders approved the increase of its authorized shares of common stock to 200 million shares from 14 million shares and increased
its authorized shares of common stock under the 2010 Omnibus Plan to 4.5 million from 3.0 million. 

During November 2016, the Company sold
245,000 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in a private placement to a group of foreign investors totaling $980,000. 

On December 13, 2016, the Company acquired
40% of a Denmark-based company named Lani Pixels A/S ( Lani Pixels ). Lani Pixels will act as Ominto s strategic
content partner in the future. The transaction was structured in two parts: 

(1) The
Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Lani Pixels A/S , pursuant to which Lani Pixels purchased one million two
hundred eighty-five thousand seven hundred fourteen (1,285,714) shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per
share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00 per share and in exchange therefor, Lani Pixels issued and/or transferred to
the Company, all right, title, and interest in and to shares of Lani Pixels  common stock that represents an aggregate of
20% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Lani Pixels on a fully diluted basis. In addition, the Company loaned Lani Pixels
$500,000 and Lani Pixels issued a promissory note in the amount of $500,000 ( Note ) to the Company. The Note matures
on October 31, 2017 and accrues interest at a rate of 3% per annum. The Company also purchased a senior secured debenture (the
 Debenture ) from Lani Pixels in the amount of $2.0 million. The Debenture has a coupon of 5% per annum, payable semi-annually
and a running fee that entitles the Company to 3% of the gross revenues from July 1, 2017 to and including December 31, 2025, paid
semi-annually on February 12, 2018 for the preceding semi-annual period from July 1 through December 31. The Debenture matures
on February 12, 2026 and has a call option under which the principal amount may be redeemed in whole from February 12, 2018 or
on any consecutive coupon date thereafter. 

(2) The Company entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement with Kim Pagel ( Pagel ), pursuant to which  Pagel transferred to the Company, all right,
title, and interest in and to shares of Lani Pixels  common stock that represents an aggregate of 20% of the issued and outstanding
common stock of Lani Pixels on a fully diluted basis in exchange for one million one hundred forty-two thousand eight hundred fifty-seven
(1,142,857) shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00
per share, and an additional cash amount of $500,000. 

On December 13, 2016 ( Closing
Date ), the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( Agreement ) with Quant Systems, Inc. ( Quant ),
pursuant to which Quant purchased eight hundred three thousand five hundred seventy-one (803,571) shares (the  Ominto Shares )
of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00 per share and in
exchange therefor, Quant issued and/or transferred to the Company, all right, title, and interest in and to shares of Quant s
common stock that represents an aggregate of 18.75% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Quant on a fully diluted basis.
Subject to the terms of the Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase up to four hundred one thousand
seven hundred eighty-five (401,785) of the Ominto Shares from Quant in one or more transactions, commencing on the Closing Date
for a period up to 12 months. 

On December 13, 2016, the Company issued two hundred twenty-five thousand (225,000) shares of the Company s
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, valued at $4.00 per share to an unrelated third party in exchange for a $900,000 promissory
note (the  Note ). The Note bears interest at 5% per annum and matures on February 14, 2017. The Note is secured by
a personal guarantee and by a mortgage on a parcel of land. 

Contractual
Payment Obligations   

At
September 30, 2016, our contractual payment obligations consisted of the following:  

Employment
agreements   

The
Company has employment agreements with certain officers, which extend from 24 to 60 months, and are renewable for successive one year
term s. These agreements provide for base levels of compensation and separation benefits. Future minimum payments under
these employment agreements as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Operating Leases  

The Company leases its office premises located in Florida
and is in the process of terminating its lease in Washington. The company terminated its leases in Oregon, Colorado and Utah during
FY 2016. The initial terms of the Florida lease is for 39 months. Future minimum payments under the Florida lease as of September
30, 2016 is as follows: 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

Our significant off balance sheet transactions
include liabilities associated with non-cancellable operating leases, employment contracts, and liabilities associated with certain
indemnification and guarantee arrangements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Foreign Currency Risk   

We have foreign operations in the United
Arab Emirates, India, Germany and other countries. Revenue generated from foreign operations represented approximately 71% of total
revenue in fiscal year 2016. Revenue and expenses related to our foreign operations are denominated in the functional currency
of the foreign operations which minimizes the impact that fluctuations in exchange rates would have on net income or loss. We are
subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates when transactions are denominated in currencies other than the function
currencies. Such transactions were not material to our operations in fiscal year 2016. Translation gains and losses which are recorded
in other comprehensive income or loss, result from translation of the asset and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S.
dollars. Foreign currency translation loss totaled $19,469 and approximately $1.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Our exposure to foreign currency risk could increase in the future if we continue to expand our operations outside of the U.S. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

Our
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the report of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., independent registered public
accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-25 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures    

Our CEO and CFO evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures  as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a compan y
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the company s Management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and Management necessarily applies its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting described in our accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, our CEO and CFO
concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.  

However, corrective actions have been initiated for each internal control weakness as
described below under the section   Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.   

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Our Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a
company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by the Company s Board, Management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that: 

pertain
    to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
    of the assets of the Company;   

provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
    in accordance with authorizations of Management and the Company s Board; and   

provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
    assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.   

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

Our
CEO and CFO assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In connection
with this assessment, we identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2016. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. In making this assessment, our Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - An Integrated Framework (June 2013). Management concluded
that, as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because of the material
weaknesses as described below:  

Control
environment - we did not maintain an effective control environment. The control environment, which is the responsibility of Senior
Management, sets the tone of the organization, influences the control consciousness of its people, and is the foundation for all
other components of internal control over financial reporting. Each control environment weakness also contributed to the material
weakness discussed below. Our control environment was ineffective because of the following material weaknesses:  

(a)  
       We
did not maintain an effective anti-fraud program designed to identify and manage fraud relating to     

(i) 
     an effective whistle-blower program or other comparable mechanism; and  

(ii) 
       an ongoing program to identify and manage fraud risks;  

(b)  
       We
                                                                                                     did not have formalized job descriptions and performance appraisals, and as a result our employees may not have a clear
                                                                                                     understanding of their responsibilities to facilitate proper internal control over information technology ( IT )
                                                                                                     and financial reporting; and    

(c)  
       We
                                                                                                     relied extensively on outside service providers, most of which did not provide a Type II SSAE16 report on their internal
                                                                                                     controls.    

The
control environment material weaknesses described above contributed to the material weaknesses related to our monitoring of internal
control over financial reporting, and, period end financial closing, as follows:  

(a)  
       Our
                                                                                                     policies and procedures with respect to the review, supervision and monitoring of our accounting operations throughout the
                                                                                                     organization were either not designed or not formalized;    

(b)  
       We
                                                                                                     did not maintain an effective internal control monitoring function due to insufficient policies and procedures to
                                                                                                     effectively communicate and determine the adequacy of our internal control over IT and financial reporting for monitoring
                                                                                                     ongoing effectiveness thereof; and    

(c)  
       We
                                                                                                     did not maintain formal cash flow forecasts and business plans, to guide respective employees in critical decision-making
                                                                                                     processes; and    

(d)  
       We
did not maintain procedures and effective controls over the preparation, review and approval of account reconciliations and application
programming interfaces with third parties or our own systems.    

As
        a result of the Company s material weaknesses, material adjustments were required to be recorded to the Company s
        consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2016 during the performance of the audit of those
        statements.   

This
Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over IT and financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only Management s report in this
Report.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

To
address the identified material weakness discussed above, we have taken the following measures as described under remediation
plans below.  

Remediation
Plans    

During
the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, we:  

(1)  
       Hired
                                         a new Interim CFO and additional qualified and experienced finance department personnel
                                         to enhance period end financial close and reporting; and    

(2)  
       Continued
                                                                                                     the reorganization of our finance, accounting and other support staff to improve work flow and enhance internal
                                                                                                     controls;    

(3)  
      Hired
    a Director of Compliance to evaluate and implement corrective action on our material weaknesses; and   

(4)  
       Hired
                                                                                                     a Vice President of Information Technology to oversee and implement proper internal control over IT and our business
                                                                                                     operating systems.    

In
addition, we have improved or are in the process of improving our internal controls as follows:  

Control
Environment  

(a)  
       We
                                                                                                     have implemented a whistle-blower program and are in the process of implementing other programs to identify and manage fraud
                                                                                                     risks;    

(b)  
       Formalized
job descriptions have been developed for all finance and accounting personnel that specifically:    

(i)  
      identify
    required financial reporting roles, responsibilities, and necessary competencies; and   

(ii)  
      clarify
responsibilities for maintaining our internal controls over financial information; and   

(c)  
       We
                                                                                                     have increased the utilization of the features and controls provided in our Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP )
                                                                                                     system and reduce the use of spreadsheets.    

Monitoring
of internal control over financial reporting, and, period end financial closing  

(a)  
       We
                                         continue to review and improve our policies and procedures with respect to the review,
                                         supervision and monitoring of our accounting operations;    

(b)  
       We
                                                                                                                          are completing a risk assessment process in order to improve our monitoring function in conjunction with our ERP system;
                                                                                                                          and    

(c)  
       We
                                                                                                                          are developing forecasts and plans by which our Management can measure achievement against formalized benchmarks.    

If
the remedial measures described above are insufficient to address any of the identified material weaknesses or are not implemented
effectively, or additional deficiencies arise in the future, material misstatements in our interim or annual consolidated financial
statements may occur in the future and we may continue to be delinquent in our filings. We are currently working to improve and
simplify our internal processes and implement enhanced controls, as discussed above, to address the material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting and to remedy the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Key factors
in the success of our remediation efforts are our ability to recruit and retain qualified individuals, and to make the investments
required to enhance our financial reporting systems. Therefore, the success of our remediation efforts will also be dependent
in part upon our ability to obtain sufficient funding. Among other things, any un-remediated material weaknesses could result
in material post-closing adjustments in future financial statements.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

PART
III   

     ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

   Executive
Officers and Directors   

  Our
directors and executive officers, and their ages and positions as of December 8, 2016 are as follows:  

Name       
        Age
               
      Position   
 
     Michael Hansen    
     47    
     Director, Founder, Chief Executive Officer  
 
     Raoul Quijada    
     54    
     Interim Chief Financial Officer  
 
     Betina Dupont Sorensen    
     45    
     Chief Operating Officer  
 
     David C. Pollei (3)(2)    
     73    
     Chairman of Board of Directors  
 
     Gary S. Baughman (1)(3)    
     70    
     Director  
 
     Gregory J. Newell (1)(2)    
     67    
     Director  
 
     Mitch C. Hill (1)    
     57    
     Director  
 
     Peter H. Harris (2)(3)    
     53    
     Director  

(1)  
      Audit Committee   

(2)  
      Compensation Committee   

(3)  
      Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee   

Executive
Officers    

   Michael
Hansen , 47, is the Chief Executive Officer and Founder of the Company. Mr. Hansen was re-appointed as Chief Executive Officer
on June 1, 2016. From September 15, 2015 to June 1, 2016, he served as the Executive Vice President, Development of the Company
and a Director on the Board of Directors of the Company. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company's predecessor
and served the same roles for the Company from 2003 until May, 2015, when Mr. Braiker was appointed. From May 2015 to September
2015, Mr. Hansen was Ominto s chief strategist and conceptual developer. Early in his career, Mr. Hansen gained experience
from his work in a variety of internationally recognized creative environments. Mr. Hansen holds a degree in mechanical engineering
and in the late eighties and early nineties worked as a developer for the Danfoss Group. Later, he was recruited by LEGO and was
responsible for theme world development spending much of his time designing and creating the highly successful Space Lego product
line, which later developed into the Star Wars products. In 1996, he commenced his entrepreneurial career by developing a successful
chain of Mexican themed franchise restaurants which he sold in 1999 to pursue a career in the network marketing industry where
he achieved the highest sales associate ranking available in two US-based network marketing companies, in telecommunications and
financial services. Mr. Hansen shares the same household as Ms. Betina Dupont Sorensen, and they have an adult child together.   

  Raoul Quijada ,
54, was appointed by the Company s Board of Directors on June 13, 2016 to serve as an Interim Chief Financial Officer (  CFO  )
of the Company. Mr. Quijada is an employee of Resources Global Professionals, where he has served as a consultant since the beginning
of 2016 and joined the Company on a contractual basis for up to twelve months from the effective date of his appointment. Mr.
Quijada comes to the Company with over 20 years of experience bringing with him a significant record of leadership in several
Fortune 500 Companies. Mr. Quijada started his career at Price Waterhouse Coopers LLP. Most recently, Mr. Quijada was employed
by Afligo Marketing Services, Inc. where he served as the company s Senior VP of Finance and Operations and was responsible
for leading the functions of financial management and strategic planning as well as operations. Prior to that, he was the Senior
Director of Finance at Newell Rubbermaid from 2005 through 2007, the Director of Strategic Planning   Analysis from 2003 to
2005, and the Director of Finance -LAC Division from 1998 to 2003. As a Certified Six Sigma and proficient in the Six Sigma/Lean
Principles, Mr. Quijada has used his expertise in Operational Excellence to lead several initiatives to increase efficiencies
through the implementation of different mechanisms designed to improve core processes and measure operational effectiveness. Mr.
Quijada attended New York University and Concordia University with a double major in Business Administration   Finance and
holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of St. Thomas   Graduate School of Business in Minneapolis
MN, and a Certificate of Professional Achievement in Leadership   Management from the Kellogg School of Management - Evanston,
IL. The Company may elect to hire Mr. Quijada as an employee after the payment of a hiring fee. Mr. Quijada does not have any
family relationship with any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen to become a director or executive officer
of the Company.   

Andreas Kusche , 46, has served as General
Counsel of the Company since October, 2009. From September, 2007, until October, 2009, Mr. Kusche served as head of legal services
of our DubLi subsidiary and our related predecessor Internet auctions. He studied at the renowned Humboldt University in Berlin,
as well as at the University of Alicante in Spain. Additionally, he launched a film production company and was a consultant to
an international film fund. After completing his law studies, Mr. Kusche applied for admission as an attorney and joined the H rting
firm, specialists in media law in Berlin. At H rting, he worked in the fields of national and international tax law, among
other areas, and completed the tax law examination successfully. Mr. Kusche earned more than seven years of experience in advising
media production companies, staying especially active in the fields of media finance and media funds.  

  Betina Dupont Sorensen ,
45, is Chief Operating Officer of the Company effective September 1, 2016. From 2005 to 2016, Ms. Sorenson served as Chief Marketing
Officer of our DubLi Network subsidiary, where she is responsible for all distribution, marketing and communications functions
for DubLi Network s Business Associates. She is also the manager of Ominto s office in Dubai, the UAE. Early in her
career, Ms. Sorenson was employed in a Danish marketing firm and spent two years with Modulex, a division of LEGO where she worked
in the accounting and logistics department. As a seasoned business executive, she has owned her own restaurant and has also managed
accounting and HR for several nightclubs in Denmark. Ms. Sorenson began her career in Network Marketing in the late 1990s, and
spent three years building large organizations and customer bases for two US multi-level marketing companies. She has a Degree
in Business Administration from Vejle Business College. She is fluent in Danish, English and German and is conversational in Spanish.
Ms. Sorenson shares the same household as Mr. Hansen, and they have an adult child together. 

Non-Employee
Directors    

David C. Pollei , 73, has served
as our Chairman of the Board since June 2015, and brings strategic management and operational experience to Ominto as an investment
banker and principal of Blair Cannon Financial (BCF), a strategic investment banking and marketing/communications advisory firm.
In the time since his founding of BCF in 1983 to the present he has raised over a quarter of a billion dollars for online e-commerce,
media, technology, education and communication businesses, He formerly served as President and CEO of DNDT, an online SAAS classified
ad system, and as President of SISNA, (Ikano) an Internet service provider. Earlier in his career, he was a Vice President of Marketing
for ABC Radio and has since advised major radio and TV stations in major markets on marketing and communications. He was also previously
President of Shopping by Satellite (a forerunner to HSN/QVC) and has held executive and management positions with AT E, which
developed Seiko s paging wristwatch, California News Syndicate and WaveShift   now  maxpreps.com , which is operated
by CBS Sports. Mr. Pollei lectures around the world and has been featured in  The Wall Street Journal, Barron`s Billboard, Gannett 
and  Electronic Media . Mr. Pollei holds a Bachelor of Arts from Brigham Young University in International Relations and French. 

Gary
S. Baughman , 70, has served as a Director since June 2015. During the last ten years he has been associated with a number
of private equity firms including Centre Partners and Golub Capital, headquartered in New York City, Westar Capital in Costa Mesa
California, and Gauge Capital, in Southlake, Texas. From 2009 to 2012 Mr. Baughman served as a mission president for the Mormon
Church in Europe. From 2002 to 2008 Mr. Baughman was Chairman and CEO of Petmate, Inc., which was then largest non-food pet product
company in America.  Prior to joining Petmate, Mr. Baughman was CEO of Fisher-Price, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mattel,
Inc., where he led the company through a turnaround and return to profitability. Before joining Fisher-Price, he was CEO of Tyco
Toys, Inc., then the world s third largest toy company. Prior to joining Tyco, Mr. Baughman was President of the Little
Tikes Co., a division of Rubbermaid, Inc. His executive background also includes being President of Evenflo Products Co., one
of the world s leading producers of juvenile products, where he led the company through a turnaround in sales and earnings. 
He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from BYU and an MBA from the University of Michigan.  

Gregory J. Newell , 67, has served as a Director
since June 2015, and is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of International Commerce Development Corporation, which
provides US and international companies with planning and execution of accelerated growth objectives. Since joining International
Commerce Development Corporation in 1993, he supported the generation of $342 million in incremental revenue from Asia while serving
as Interim Managing Director of International Development and Operations for an international company. In that position, he executed
a strategy to access 24 Asian and European countries in five years and helped build a foundation for a successful IPO and $2.3
billion market capitalization. During his tenure, Mr. Newell also revived and completed groundbreaking projects (totaling $146
million) for a $9 billion publicly-traded corporation, establishing and maintaining credibility with government officials and
investors in China and Europe. Throughout his career, Mr. Newell has successfully executed aggressive strategic international
expansion plans for more than 90 enterprises. He is a former US Ambassador to Sweden and US Assistant Secretary of State for International
Organization Affairs. Mr. Newell served in appointive positions for four US Presidents. Mr. Newell served as a member of the Board
of Directors of Invisa, Inc. (OTC: INSA) from 2002 - 2015. 

Mitchell C. Hill , 57, has served as
a Director since June 2015, where he serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. On January 26, 2016, Mr. Hill was elected as Interim
Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hill served as Interim CEO until June 1, 2016. He is the Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer of
Fortunato Capital Management, Inc., a real estate private equity firm. Prior to Fortunato, from 2013 to 2015, Mr. Hill was Executive
Vice President and CFO of Alphaeon, Inc., a subsidiary of Strathspey Crown, LLC. Mr. Hill has an extensive and successful track
record with private equity and venture capital-backed firms including his service as CFO of Cameron Health, Inc. from 2010 to
2012 (sold to Boston Scientific) and Visiogen Inc. from 2008-2010 (sold to Abbott Medical Optics). Earlier in his career, he was
President and CFO of Buy.com Inc., a high-profile pioneer in early e-commerce solutions with annual sales of approximately $800
million, and Senior Vice President and CFO of Walt Disney Imagineering, a 3,000 person creative, technical and real estate/theme
park development company. Mr. Hill also worked in the investment banking division of Goldman Sachs. Throughout his career he has
supported startup launches, and has transformed companies from R D phases and private capitalization to commercialization
with manufacturing, marketing and sales, including preparation for initial public offerings. Mr. Hill received his MBA from Harvard
Graduate School of Business Administration, with a focus in Finance, and his BS from Brigham Young University, Business Accounting,
summa cum laude. 

Peter
H. Harris , 53, has served as a Director since June 2015.  Since 2013, Mr. Harris has served as the CEO of Spartan Education
Group, the parent company of colleges that provide training in aviation maintenance, flight and related fields. During his career,
he has held the position of CEO or COO at several companies owned by private equity firms, including the largest provider of domestic
executive office suites, a national staffing firm, and the largest owner and operator of Jiffy Lube stores. His most recent CEO
roles were at Eagle Hospital Physicians, a provider of hospitalist physician practice management services in more than 15 States
in 2013; Pacific Interpreters, a provider of telephonic interpretation services in more than 200 languages for premier healthcare
organizations from 2011 to 2012); and Active Day, the nation s largest independent adult day services provider from 2009
to 2011.  Mr. Harris first served as a corporate officer while working for the largest provider of hospice care in the US
In addition to executive roles at portfolio companies, he has served as a board member for more than a dozen companies across
a wide range of industries. He is a seasoned executive who has demonstrated an ability to make positive changes in many types
of businesses with customers across the nation and the globe. Mr. Harris received an honors undergraduate degree in Mathematical
Methods in the Social Sciences and Political Science from Northwestern University and a Juris Doctorate from Harvard Law School,
where he served as Editor - in - Chief of the  Harvard Journal of Law   Public Policy .    

Board
Independence   

Our securities are currently not listed on a national
securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent. However, our
Board annually determines the independence of each director, based on the independence criteria set forth in the listing standards
of the Marketplace Rules of NASDAQ. In making its determinations, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances brought
to its attention as well as information provided by the directors and a review of any relevant transactions or relationships between
each director or any member of his or her family, and the Company, its senior management or our independent registered public
accounting firm. Based on its review, the Board determined that Messrs. Baughman, Harris, Newell, and Pollei are independent under
the NASDAQ criteria for independent board members. 

Board
Committees   

Audit
Committee   

The Audit Committee, which has been established in
accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, assists the Board in its general oversight of our financial reporting,
internal controls, and audit functions, and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of our independent registered public accounting firm. The members of the Audit Committee are Messers. Hill (Chairman), Baughman,
and Newell. Messrs. Baughman and Newell are independent under NASDAQ s independence standards for audit committee members.
The Board has determined that Mr. Hill is an  audit committee financial expert , as defined by the rules of the SEC.
The charter of the Audit Committee is available on our website at inc.ominto.com on the Investor Relations page. 

Compensation
Committee   

The
Compensation Committee establishes our executive compensation policy, determines the salary and bonuses of our executive officers
and recommends to the Board equity compensation grants for our executive officers. The members of the Compensation Committee are
Peter D. Harris (Chairman), David C. Pollei and Gregory J. Newell. Each of them is independent under NASDAQ s independence
standards for compensation committee members. Our Chief Executive Officer often makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee
and the Board concerning compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee seeks input on certain compensation
policies from the Chief Executive Officer. The charter of the Compensation Committee is available on our website at inc.ominto.com
on the Investor Relations page.  

Nominating
and Governance Committee   

The
Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for matters relating to the corporate governance of our Company and the nomination
of members of the Board and committees thereof. The members of the Nominating and Governance Committee are Messrs. Pollei (Chairman),
Baughman and Harris. Each of them is independent under NASDAQ s independence standards. The charter of the Nominating and
Governance Committee is available on our website at inc.ominto.com on the Investor Relations page.  

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics   

Our
Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. Any waivers
of any provision of this code for our directors or officers may be granted only by the Board or a committee appointed by the Board.
Any waivers of any provisions of this code for an employee or a representative may be granted only by our chief executive officer
or principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at inc.ominto.com on
the Investor Relations page.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

We are required to identify each person who was an
officer, director or beneficial owner of more than 10% of our registered equity securities during our most recent fiscal year
and who failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To our knowledge, based solely
on review of these filings and written representations from the certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended
September 30, 2016, our officers, directors and significant stockholders have timely filed the appropriate forms under Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act. Additionally, K Foundation, which beneficially owns 9.1% of our outstanding common stock, has not filed
any forms under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Summary Compensation Table  

The table below sets forth, for the
period indicated, the compensation paid or granted by the Company to the named executive officers during the last two completed
fiscal years. 

* Member of the Board of Directors 

(1)  
      All other compensation consists of salary paid in shares of common stock for Michael Hansen, Mitchell Hill, Andreas Kusche and Betina Dupont Sorensen; $100,000 in severance and $17,307 for accrued vacation paid to Ivan Braiker; $83,333 in severance and $6,731 for accrued vacation paid to Thomas Virgin; and $59,712 in severance and $17,307 for accrued vacation paid to Eric Nelson in connection with separation agreements.    
 
      (2)  
      Michael Hansen served as CEO and President from February 27, 2013 until May 5, 2015. From May 5, 2015 to September 14, 2015, Mr. Hansen served as a consultant to the Company without compensation, other than payment of business expenses. On September 15, 2015, Mr. Hansen entered into a new employment agreement with the Company to serve as Executive Vice President, Development. On June 1, 2016, Mr. Hansen was re-appointed CEO. On November 17, 2016, Mr. Hansen entered into a new employment agreement with the Company to serve as Chief Executive Officer.  Stock awards in 2015 include compensation for prior years.   
 
      (3)  
      Ivan Braiker was appointed President and CEO on May 5, 2015 and ceased serving as President and CEO on January 26, 2016.   
 
      (4)  
      Mitchell Hill was appointed Interim CEO on January 26, 2016 and ceased serving as Interim CEO on June 1, 2016.    
 
      (5)  
      Raoul Quijada was appointed Interim CFO on June 13, 2016 and is paid through Resources Connection LLC (Resources Global Professionals).  The Company paid a total of $113,953 to Resources Global Professionals for Mr. Quijada s services during fiscal year 2016.   
 
      (6)  
      Thomas Virgin was appointed CFO on May 5, 2015 and ceased serving as CFO on January 26, 2016.   
 
      (7)  
      Eric Nelson ceased serving as CFO on May 5, 2015.    
 
      (8)  
      Stock Awards reflect the fair value of the award on the grant date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.   
 
      (9)  
      Option Awards reflect the aggregate fair value on the grant date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. These amounts are not paid to or realized by the officer. Assumptions used in the calculation of these values are included in Note 16,  Stock-based Compensation,  to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report.   

Executive Employment Agreements   

Michael Hansen  

 On February 27, 2013, Mr. Hansen executed
an employment agreement with the Company for an initial term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. The
employment agreement was terminated on May 5, 2015 when Mr. Hansen resigned his positions as CEO and President to allow Mr. Braiker
to assume those roles. Under the former employment agreement, Mr. Hansen was paid an annual base salary of $420,000 and was due
a severance payment of six months of base salary in the event that he is terminated without cause. Mr. Hansen s departure
was voluntary and no severance is owed for his departure from employment. In addition, we were permitted to pay additional salary
from time to time and award bonuses in cash, stock or stock options or other property and services to Mr. Hansen.   

In August 2015, we granted Mr. Hansen 800,000 restricted
shares in recognition of past efforts on behalf of the Company. A large portion of these shares was approved in 2014 by a prior
Board of Directors, but not issued for reasons unrelated to the services performed by Mr. Hansen. From May 5, 2015 to September
14, 2015, Mr. Hansen served as a consultant to the Company without compensation, other than payment of business expenses. On September
15, 2015, Mr. Hansen entered into a new employment agreement with the Company to serve as Executive Vice President Development
for an initial term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the new employment agreement, Mr. Hansen
is paid an annual base salary of $240,000 and is due a severance payment of six months of base salary if he is terminated without
cause. Mr. Hansen was also granted the right to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock which vest in 60 equal monthly
installments. The common stock is restricted stock. In addition, we may pay additional salary from time to time and award bonuses
in cash, stock or stock options or other property and services to Mr. Hansen. Mr. Hansen will be restricted from competing with
the Company during the course of his employment and for a period of one year after his employment has been terminated. Effective
June 1, 2016, Mr. Hansen was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, to serve until his successor is duly
elected, qualified and seated or until his earlier resignation or removal. 

Effective November 17, 2016, the Company entered into
a new Employment Agreement with Mr. Hansen. that supersedes the prior employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Hansen,
dated September 14, 2015. Under the new Employment Agreement, Mr. Hansen will serve as the CEO for an initial five (5) year term,
after which time, the new Employment Agreement shall continue on a year-to-year basis if not terminated by the parties. Pursuant
to the terms of the new Employment Agreement, Mr. Hansen s base salary is $360,000 per year and Mr. Hansen will be eligible
to receive an annual incentive bonus of up to 100% of the base salary, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Mr. Hansen
shall also receive a grant of 500,000 shares of restricted common stock which shall vest on the later of (i) January 1, 2017; (ii)
three (3) business days after the listing of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market; or (iii) such other
date as may be approved by the Board. 

The Company may pay Mr. Hansen additional salary
from time to time, and award bonuses in cash, stock or stock options or other property and services. In the event he is terminated
without cause or leaves the Company for good reason, Mr. Hansen is entitled to twelve (12) months  of severance pay, or
twenty-four (24) months if such termination occurs within twenty-four (24) months following a change in control, subject to the
provisions in the Employment Agreement, and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll. Unless otherwise approved
by the Board, Mr. Hansen shall not be entitled to accelerated vesting or an y
other enhanced benefits with respect to any awards under any Ominto Equity Plan, or any enhanced severance benefits under this
Agreement or otherwise, as a result of a change in control (or any similar event).  

Ivan
Braiker   

  Effective
May 5, 2015, Mr. Braiker entered into an employment agreement with the Company to serve as Chief Executive Officer and President
for an initial term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Braiker
was paid an annual base salary of $300,000. Mr. Braiker was also granted the right to 250,000 options to purchase the Company s
common stock which were scheduled to vest in 60 equal monthly installments. The options had an exercise price of $9.50 per share.
Mr. Braiker is restricted from competing with the Company during the course of his employment and for a period of one year after
his employment has been terminated. On January 26, 2016, the Company accepted Mr. Braiker s resignation from the Company
as its CEO/President and from the Board of Directors and Mr. Braiker received his salary for a four-month period.  

Raoul
Quijada   

  Effective
June 13, 2016, the Board of Directors appointed Raoul Quijada to serve as the interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Mr. Quijada, age 54, is an employee of Resources Global Professionals, where he has served as a consultant since the beginning
of 2016, and joined the Company on a contractual basis for up to twelve months from the effective date of his appointment. Mr.
Quijada comes to Ominto Inc. with over 20-years of experience bringing with him a significant record of leadership in several
Fortune 500 Companies. The Company paid a total of $113,953 to Resources Global Professionals for Mr. Quijada s services
during fiscal year 2016. Mr. Quijada does not have any family relationship with any director, executive officer, or person nominated
or chosen to become a director or executive officer of the Company.  

Thomas
J. Virgin   

  Effective
May 5, 2015, Mr. Virgin entered into an employment agreement with the Company to serve as Chief Financial Officer for an initial
term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Virgin was paid an annual
base salary of $250,000. Mr. Virgin was also granted the right to 100,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock
which were scheduled to vest in 60 equal monthly installments. The options had an exercise price of $9.50 per share. Mr. Virgin
is restricted from competing with the Company during the course of his employment and for a period of one year after his employment
has been terminated. Mr. Virgin ceased serving as Chief Financial Officer on January 26, 2016 and received his salary for a four-month
period.  

Eric Nelson  

Effective February 26, 2013, Eric Nelson was
appointed as Chief Financial Officer and entered into an employment agreement with the Company for an initial term of five
years, renewable automatically for an additional one-year term, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the
agreement. Mr. Nelson s agreement provided for an annual base salary of $225,000. The agreement also contained
non-disclosure, non-solicitation and non-compete restrictions. The non-solicitation and non-compete restrictions survive for
a period of twelve months following the date of termination of Mr. Nelson s employment with the Company. Mr. Nelson was
entitled to severance benefits under the employment agreement. Mr. Nelson ceased serving as the Company s Chief
Financial Officer as of May 5, 2015. Mr. Nelson remained with the Company until the end of May to assist with transition
matters. The Company and Mr. Nelson entered into a separation agreement whereby Mr. Nelson received compensation for a
three-month period and Mr. Nelson was issued an option to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock for $9.50 per share. 

Andreas Kusche  

 Effective October 1, 2009, Mr. Kusche,
our General Counsel, entered into an employment agreement with the Company s subsidiary, CG Holdings ( CG ),
and its subsidiaries. This agreement had an initial term of three years and was automatically renewed for an additional one-year
term, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The agreement provided for a monthly base salary of 7,500 
to be reviewed annually and a minimum annual bonus of 15% of Mr. Kusche s annual base salary. Mr. Kusche received certain
equity in the Company in 2009 in connection with transactions in 2009 that were part of the merger of the DubLi Network business
into the Company. The agreement also provides for a minimum automobile allowance in the amount of 800  per month, insurance
on any vehicle covered by the automobile allowance, vacation, participation in all benefit plans offered by us to our executives
and the reimbursement of reasonable business expenses. The agreement also contains non-disclosure, non-solicitation and non-compete
restrictions. The non-solicitation and non-compete restrictions survive for a period of eighteen months following the date of termination
of Mr. Kusche s employment with the Company s subsidiary. 

On October 1, 2013, CG extended Mr. Kusche's employment
agreement for two years. As of October 1, 2015, the Company s Dubli subsidiary entered into a consulting agreement with
a Dubai company owned by Mr. Kusche whereby the consulting company agrees to provide full time services of Mr. Kusche on the same
terms and conditions as the prior employment agreement. The annual compensation is $180,000. 

Betina Dupont Sorensen  

Effective October 1, 2009, Betina Dupont Sorensen,
Chief Marketing Officer of our DubLi Network subsidiary, entered into an employment agreement with CG and its subsidiaries. This
agreement had an initial term of three years and was automatically renewable for an additional one-year term, unless terminated
in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The agreement provided for a monthly base salary of 7,500  to be reviewed
annually and a minimum annual bonus of 15% of Ms. Sorensen s annual base salary. The agreement also provides for a minimum
automobile allowance in the amount of 800  per month, insurance on any vehicle covered by the automobile allowance, vacation,
participation in all benefit plans offered by us to our executives and the reimbursement of reasonable business expenses. The
agreement also contains non-disclosure, non-solicitation and non-compete restrictions. The non-solicitation and non-compete restrictions
survive for a period of eighteen months following the date of termination of Ms. Sorensen s employment with the Company.
On October 1, 2013, CG extended Ms. Sorensen s employment agreement for two years. On October 1, 2015, the agreement was
extended again for an additional one-year term. As of October 1, 2015, the Company s DubLi subsidiary entered into a consulting
agreement with a Dubai company owned by Ms. Sorensen whereby the consulting company agrees to provide full time services of Ms.
Sorensen on the same terms and conditions as the prior employment agreement. The annual compensation is $180,000. 

On September 1, 2016, Ms. Sorensen entered
into a new employment agreement with the Company which superseded her previous agreement and appointed her as Chief Operating
Officer for a term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Ms. Sorensen
is paid an annual base salary of $240,000 and is due a severance payment of three months of base salary in the event she is terminated
without cause in the first 12 months of her employment, which shall increase to six months of base salary if terminated thereafter.
Ms. Sorensen was also granted 300,000 shares of restricted common stock in December 2016 which shall vest in sixty (60) equal
monthly installments. The restricted common stock shall have an exercisable price equal to the market price of the Company s
common stock on the date the stock was approved by the Board of Directors. 

Thomas Vogl  

 Effective August 24, 2015, Mr. Vogl entered into an
employment agreement with the Company to serve as Chief Marketing Officer for an initial term of five years, renewable for each
successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Vogl was paid an annual base salary of $215,000. Mr. Vogl was also
granted the right to 100,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock which were scheduled to vest in 60 equal monthly
installments. The options have an exercise price of $5.50 per share. Mr. Vogl is restricted from competing with the Company during
the course of his employment and for a period of one year after his employment has been terminated. On February 1, 2016, the Company
and Mr. Vogl entered into a Separation Agreement whereby Mr. Vogl received compensation for four months. 

Jeffrey Schuett  

 Effective October 28, 2015, Mr. Schuett entered into
an employment agreement with the Company to serve as Executive Vice President of Operations and Solutions Development for an initial
term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Schuett was paid an annual
base salary of $250,000. Mr. Schuett was also granted the right to 100,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock
which was scheduled to vest in 12 equal quarterly installments. The options have an exercise price of $7.00 per share. Mr. Schuett
is restricted from competing with the Company during the course of his employment and for a period of one year after his employment
has been terminated. On January 25, 2016, the Company and Mr. Schuett entered into a Separation Agreement whereby Mr. Schuett received
compensation for four months. 

Mitchell Hill  

 Mr. Hill, who also serves as a Director of the Company
and has served as Chairman of the Audit Committee, was appointed Interim CEO by the Company's Board of Directors on January 26,
2016 and ceased serving as Interim CEO on June 1, 2016. Mr. Hill is the Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer of Fortunato Capital
Management, Inc., a real estate private equity firm. Prior to Fortunato, from 2013 to 2015, Mr. Hill was Executive Vice President
and CFO of Alphaeon, Inc., a subsidiary of Strathspey Crown, LLC. Mr. Hill has an extensive and successful track record with private
equity and venture capital-backed firms including his service as CFO of Cameron Health, Inc. from 2010 to 2012 (sold to Boston
Scientific) and Visiogen Inc. from 2008-2010 (sold to Abbott Medical Optics). 

Equity Compensation Arrangements  

2010 Omnibus Equity Compensation
Plan  

The Company has a single plan for granting
equity incentives   the 2010 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan was approved on September
30, 2010 by Michael Hansen, who held a majority of voting power at the time and by the Company s Board of Directors. The
Plan, as adopted, had an aggregate limit of 1 million shares of common stock for all awards. In April 2015, Michael Hansen, who
still held a majority of voting power, approved a 2 million share increase, raising the total number of shares of common stock
issuable under Plan awards to 3 million. The increase in the number of shares took effect on June 9, 2015, or 20 days after an
information statement was delivered to the stockholders. The information statement constituted both approval of the Plan and the
increase in number of issuable shares by the shareholders under the 1934 Exchange Act. A copy of the Plan was part of the information
statement delivered to the stockholders. 

Also refer to  Subsequent Events 
section on page 43 for additional information about shares authorized in the 2010 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan. 

The Plan has been implemented in order
to attract, incentivize and retain highly qualified individuals and keep the Company competitive with other companies with respect
to executive compensation. The Company believes that directors, officers and other employees should have a significant stake in
the Company s stock price performance under programs which link compensation to stockholder return. As a result, stock option
grants and other equity incentives are an integral part of the Company s compensation program. 

*  
      excludes
    options pending for issuance in October, 2016.   

Pension Benefits  

None of our named executive officers
are covered by a pension plan or other similar benefit plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, following, or in connection
with retirement. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation  

None of our named executive officers
are covered by a defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified. 

Outstanding Equity Awards  

The following table provides information
as of September 30, 2016, regarding equity awards held by each of our named executive officers. 

Option Awards     

# of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options  (# Exercisable)       
     # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (# Un-exercisable)       
     Equity Incentive Plan Awards: # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options  (#)       
     Option Exercise Price  ($/sh)       
     Option Expiration Date     

Michael Hansen    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Andreas Kusche    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
      Betina Dupont Sorensen      
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Raoul Quijada    

Mitch Hill    
        15,000       
        5,000       
             -       
        5.50       
         7/30/22      

(1)  
      Mr. Hansen's restricted stock grant was issued in September 2015, and shares vest in 60 equal monthly installments.   
 
      (2)  
      Mr. Kusche s and Ms. Dupont Sorensen s restricted stock grants were issued in August 2015. The restricted stock grants vest as follows: 50,000 shares vested on the grant date and the remaining 50,000 vest in 8 equal quarterly installments.   

Termination and Change in Control
Arrangement  

We have entered into employment agreements
with certain of our executive officers that require us to provide compensation to them upon termination of their employment with
us or a change in control of the Company. Regardless of the manner in which their employment terminates, they will be entitled
to receive amounts earned during the term of their employment. Such amounts include the portion of their current annual base salary
and bonuses which have accrued through the date of termination, vested stock options, and payment for accrued but unused vacation. 

In addition to the consideration described
above, the amount of compensation payable to each of the Company s executive officers named below following termination or
a change of control is discussed below. 

Employment, Severance and Change in Control Agreements  

Hansen  

 Our new Employment Agreement with Mr. Hansen dated
November 17, 2016 provides that upon termination of his employment by the Company, other than for  cause,  or by him
for  good reason,  he is entitled to receive any unpaid salary, bonus and unreimbursed expenses plus severance payments
paid in accordance with Company s payroll in the amount of 12 months of base salary (as then in effect). Mr. Hansen has been
granted 500,000 shares of restricted common stock which shall vest on the later of (i) January 1, 2017; (ii) three (3) business
days after the listing of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market; or (iii) such other date as may be approved
by the Board. 

Mr. Hansen is entitled to twenty-four (24) months of
severance pay if such termination occurs within twenty-four (24) months following a change in control, subject to the provisions
in the Employment Agreement, and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll. Unless otherwise approved by the
Board, Mr. Hansen shall not be entitled to accelerated vesting or any other enhanced benefits with respect to any awards under
any Ominto Equity Plan, or any enhanced severance benefits under this Agreement or otherwise, as a result of a change in control
(or any similar event). 

Kusche and Sorenson  

 We entered into an employment agreement with each of
Andreas Kusche and Betina Dupont Sorensen that was previously extended until September 30, 2016. The original agreements provided
that upon termination of employment by the Company, other than for  cause,  or  disability  each was entitled
to receive any unpaid salary, bonus and unreimbursed expenses plus severance payments equal to (i) pro rata bonus for the fiscal
year of termination based on actual performance through the end of the applicable fiscal year and the number of days that elapsed
in the fiscal year through the date of termination, (ii) 18 monthly payments of base salary and target annual bonus following termination,
(iii) continuation of medical benefits for 18 months, and (iv) accelerated vesting of any outstanding options or stock awards.
Upon termination upon death or disability, each would receive the above described benefits except that no base salary and or target
annual bonus would be due. As of October 1, 2015, we entered into a replacement agreement with a consulting company owned by each
of them, and the replacement agreement reduced the severance upon termination from 18 months to 6 months to comport with the severance
provided to the other executive officers of the Company. 

On September 1, 2016, Ms. Sorensen entered into a new
employment agreement with the Company which superseded her previous agreement and appointed her as Chief Operating Officer for
a term of five years, renewable for each successive one-year period. Under the employment agreement, Ms. Sorensen is paid an annual
base salary of $240,000 and is due a severance payment of three months of base salary in the event she is terminated without cause
in the first 12 months of her employment, which shall increase to six months of base salary if terminated thereafter. 

Director Compensation  

Non-employee directors receive $3,000
per month until April 1, 2015, when compensation for them was reduced to $2,500 per month. The Chairman of the Board receives $5,000
per month. No additional compensation is paid for participation in Board committees. In September 2015, each non-employee director
was granted an option to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock, vesting one third on grant, and the balance vesting quarterly
over two years. In addition, our Chairman was awarded an additional option to purchase 40,000 shares of our common stock for additional
services as Chairman, which vested in full on the grant date. No stock options were granted during the 2016 fiscal year to non-employee
directors. 

The Company had an advisory board composed
of between four to ten business experts who were previously compensated at a rate of $1,500 per month. The Company s advisory
board was dissolved effective April 1, 2016. In August 2015, each member of the advisory board was granted an option to purchase
10,000 shares of our common stock, vesting in 12 equal quarterly installments. The advisory board members were: Bradley Thatcher,
Enoch Palmer, Michael Lohner, William Flury and Ajay Pahwa. No stock options were granted during the 2016 fiscal year to non-employee
advisory board members. 

We reimburse all directors for travel
and other necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of director services and extend coverage to them under our directors 
and officers  indemnity insurance policies.  

Director Compensation Table  

The following table sets forth compensation
received by our non-employee directors in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

*    
      Mr. Hansen received no additional compensation for serving as a director or serving on committees of the Board or for special assignments during the period reflected because each was then an employee.     
 
      (1)  
      Mr. Pollei received $25,000 for consulting services during fiscal 2016.   
 
      (2)  
      Mitch Hill served as the Company s Interim
    CEO from January 26, 2016 to June 1, 2016 and did not receive additional compensation for serving as a Director during that
    time.   
 
      (3)  
      Amounts reflect Board fees for January 2016 to March 2016 which were paid in shares of common stock on November 30, 2016.    

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  

The table is based on information provided to us or
filed with the SEC by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC, and includes voting and investment power with respect to shares. Shares of common stock issuable upon
vesting of restricted stock, or exercise or conversion of options, warrants or promissory notes that are currently exercisable
or convertible or are vesting, exercisable or convertible within 60 days after September 30, 2016 are deemed outstanding for purposes
of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the
percentage of any other stockholder. The percentage of shares owned is calculated based upon 13,386,538 outstanding shares. Unless
otherwise indicated, the address for each stockholder listed in the following table is c/o Ominto, Inc. at 1515 S. Federal Highway,
Suite 307, Boca Raton, Florida 33432. 

Common Stock   

* Less Than 1% of Class Owned  

(1)  
      A
    person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date
    hereof upon exercise of options and warrants and upon conversion of convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s
    percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants and convertible securities that are held by such person
    (but not those held by any other person) and that are exercisable or convertible within 60 days from the date hereof have
    been exercised or converted.   
 
      (2)  
      Mr.
    Hansen holds 1,973,633 shares of common stock and 1,400,000 shares of common stock underlying a grant of restricted stock;
    of which 460,835 have expired, 839,165 shares have been issued and 21,666 shares are vested but unissued and shall vest within
    60 days from the date hereof. Mr. Hansen disclaims a pecuniary interest in shares of common stock held by Ms. Sorensen
    or their adult child who shares their household. As a member of Ms. Sorensen s household, Mr. Hansen may be deemed to
    have a pecuniary interest in any shares held by Ms. Sorensen or their adult child sharing their household.   Mr.
    Hansen s address is Arabian Ranches Polo Homes, Villa 20, Dubai, U.A.E.   
 
      (3)  
      Includes
    13,633 of shares of common stock and 210,000 shares underlying aa grant of restricted stock; of which 150,000 shares have
    been issued, 25,000 shares underlie vested stock swards, and 16,250 shares will vest within 60 days of the date hereof.  Ms.
    Sorensen disclaims a pecuniary interest in any other shares of common stock, including those shares of common stock held by
    Mr. Hansen and their adult child who shares their household. As a member of Mr. Hansen s household, Ms. Sorensen may
    be deemed to have a pecuniary interest in any shares held by Mr. Hansen or their adult child. Ms. Sorensen s address
    is Arabian Ranches Polo Homes, Villa 20, Dubai, U.A.E.   
 
      (4)  
      Includes
12,629 shares of common stock and 188,000 shares underlying a grant of restricted shares of common stock; of which 138,000 shares
have been issued, 25,000 shares underlie vested stock awards and 6,250 shares will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. Mr.
Kusche s address is Norton Court I, Apt 010, P.O. Box 644783, U.A.E.   

Super Voting Preferred stock  : 

Name of Beneficial Owner    
     Amount and Nature of Beneficial  Ownership Before  Offering (1)       
     Percentage of  Class Owned  Before Offering (%)       
     Amount and Nature of Beneficial  Ownership After  Offering (1)       
     Percentage of  Class Owned  After  Offering (%)     

Michael Hansen (1)    
        185,000       
        100  %    
        100.0       
        100.0     

(1)  
      Consists of 185,000 shares of  Super Voting Preferred Stock  which is entitled to 40 votes per share. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into one share of common stock upon the earlier of a  Change in Control Transaction  approved by the stockholders of the Company or a transfer of any such share of preferred stock or August 17, 2017.   

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

In addition to the cash and equity compensation
arrangements of our directors and executive officers discussed above under  Director Compensation  and  Executive
Compensation,  the following is a description of transactions since October 1, 2013, to which we have been a party in which
the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers, beneficial holders
of 5% or more of our capital stock, or entities affiliated with them, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
Each Related Party Transaction has been approved by our Board, Audit Committee or Compensation Committee. 

Transactions with Mr. Hansen and the Board  

Amounts due for advances
by Mr. Hansen resulted from Mr. Hansen advancing funds to the Company to meet operating expenses. Amounts due for services rendered
is accrued compensation due to the officers of the Company and unpaid Board of Directors fees. Amounts due for advances and services
rendered are non-interest bearing and have no terms of repayment. 

During fiscal year 2016, the Company
repaid $397,000 of advances owed to Mr. Hansen.). As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed Mr. Hansen approximately $269,000
for advances. In addition, the Company owed Mr. Hansen $50,000 for services rendered at September 30, 2016. 

Mr. Hansen and Ms. Sorensen share a
household and have an adult child who shares their household. 

Transactions with 5% or Greater Holders   

Mr. Sleiman Chamoun, a former lender to the
Company and holder of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock, invested $500,000 in a private placement on August 14,
2015. He purchased 100,000 restricted shares of our common stock at $5.00 per share and received a warrant to purchase 100,000
shares of common stock at a $2.50 per share. The warrant was exercisable for 60 days following issuance, and was exercised in
October 2015 prior to its expiration for consideration totaling $250,000. 

Director Independence   

Our Board of Directors annually determines the independence
of each director, based on the independence criteria set forth in the listing standards of the Marketplace Rules of NASDAQ. Based
on its review, the Board determined that Messrs. Baughman, Harris, Newell, and Pollei are independent under the NASDAQ criteria
for independent board members.  

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES   

Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm    

On August 26, 2014, Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C.
was appointed to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm beginning with the quarterly reviews
and year-end audit of the September 30, 2013 consolidated financial statements.  

Fees of the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm s    

The following table shows the aggregate fees
billed to the Company by our independent registered public accounting firms for services rendered during the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

(1) 
      Includes fees associated with the fiscal year audit, reviews of the Company s quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, and other securities filings. For 2015, the amount included $175,000 for fiscal 2014 year-end audit and quarterly reports
review which have been contracted.     

Our Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors has adopted the policy to pre-approve audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent
auditors.  

PART IV  

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(a)  
      The
    following documents are filed as part of this report:  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
     F-1  

Consolidated
    Financial Statements:  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
     F-2  

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
     F-3  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
     F-4  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   
     F-5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     F-6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
     F-7  

(b)  
      Exhibits   

See
    the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this report, which Index is incorporated herein by reference.   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors 

  Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Ominto, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016
and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, accumulated comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
 The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Ominto, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 /s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

 Boca Raton, Florida 

 December 29, 2016 

Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements  

Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

Ominto, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements  

Ominto,
Inc. and Subsidiaries   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.
The Company   

On
June 26, 2015, the Company changed its name to Ominto, Inc. from DubLi, Inc. Ominto, Inc., ( Ominto,  the  Company, 
 we,  or  us ), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is a global E-commerce Cash Back and network marketing
company which operates a worldwide shopping portal. We market membership subscriptions directly to consumers and through partnership
programs including our network marketing subsidiary. The Company is organized in Nevada and its principal executive offices are
located in Boca Raton, Florida. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries are incorporated in Florida, Delaware, the British
Virgin Islands, Cyprus, the United Arab Emirates, India, and Ireland.  

Our
E-commerce Cash Back transactions throughout the world are conducted through DubLi.com s shopping portal websites. During
the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we added an Ominto.com website which offers Cash Back transactions. We have a large network
of independent Business Associates who sell our E-commerce Cash Back products. Effective March 28, 2013 the Company discontinued
its reverse auction program operations.  

Mr. Michael Hansen, who is a director, has
a direct ownership of approximately 2.8 million shares of our common stock and 185,000 shares of our Super Voting Preferred Stock
as of September 30, 2016. Each share of our Super Voting Preferred Stock votes as 40 shares of common stock. As a result, Mr.
Hansen had the power to cast approximately 48% of the votes that could be cast by our stockholders. Accordingly, he has the power
to influence or control the outcome of important corporate decisions or matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including,
but not limited to, increasing the authorized capital stock of the Company, the dissolution or merger of the Company, sale of
all of the Company s assets or changing the size and composition of the Board of Directors.  

Reverse
Stock Split    

On August 15, 2015, our board and a
stockholder holding a majority of the stockholder votes approved a reverse split of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20 to 1-for-100
with the board of directors having discretion to set the ratio. On November 1, 2015, our board approved a reverse stock split of
our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-50 (the  Reverse Split ). The Company effectuated the Reverse Split on November
4, 2015, and the shares of common stock began trading on a post-reverse split basis on November 6, 2015. The par value of common
stock and Super-Voting Preferred was not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split reduced the Company s
authorized shares from 700 million shares to 14 million shares. All issued and outstanding common stock, options for common stock,
restricted stock awards, warrants, and convertible debt, and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this
Reverse Split for all periods presented. The voting and conversion rights of the Super Voting Preferred have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect this Reverse Split for all periods presented.  

2. Liquidity.   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ).
For the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a loss from continuing operations of approximately $10.3 million and generated
cash flows from continuing operations of $1.7 million. For the year ended September 30, 2015, we incurred a loss from continuing
operations of $12.2 million and used cash flows from continuing operations of $5.2 million. The Company has an accumulated deficit
for the period from our inception through September 30, 2016 of approximately $59.6 million. As a result, the Company had a working
capital deficit of approximately $9.6 million as of September 30, 2016.  

Our plans for the long-term include
generating cash flows from the profitable operation of our business and financing our operations through sales of our common stock
and/or debt. The Company s Board of Directors and Executive Management reasonably believes that the Company will continue
to exist to carry out all objectives, commitments, and stated goals for the immediate future. Profitability and positive cash flows
from operations continue to improve. There is no significant information available to the contrary, as the company is currently
able to meet all current and immediate obligations without substantial asset sales or restructuring. Also, with the introduction
of the new operations platform and business model and the arrival of new executive management members, Management believes that
the financial and business trends will continue to be positive for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, there are no known loan
defaults, denial of trade credit from suppliers, and no known adverse legal proceedings that could materially affect the Company. 

We continue to refine our Cash Back
product offerings and improve our shopping portal, which places additional demands on future cash flows. Our future cash flow and
capital requirements will depend on numerous factors including market acceptance of our shopping portal and revenues generated
from our operations, the impact of competitive product offerings, and whether we are successful in acquiring additional customers
on a large scale basis through partners. We also intend to increase our efforts to recruit Business Associates; We expect that
a larger number of Business Associates will increase sales of our E-commerce Cash Back products. The marketing efforts will place
additional demands on our cash flows. We cannot offer any assurance that we will be successful in generating revenues from operations,
adequately addressing competitive pressures, acquiring additional customers through partners or growing our network of Business
Associates.  

On August 13, 2015, the Company sold
100,000 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share in a private placement for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million to a former
lender to the Company. In conjunction with this transaction, warrants were also issued for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares
of common stock at $2.50 per share, exercisable for a period of sixty days from the date of issuance of the warrant. The warrant
was exercised in October 2015 prior to its expiration for a total of $250,000.  

Upon conversion of $5.0 million of
convertible notes on November 7, 2015, the Company issued warrants to the investors for the purchase of a total of 300,000 shares
of common stock at $10.00 per share, exercisable for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the warrants.  

On January 15, 2016, we sold 26,533
shares of common stock at $8.00 per share for total cash consideration of $0.2 million to a private investor. 

On February 19, 2016 and February 22,
2016, we sold a total of 40,002 shares of common stock at a price of $3.75 per share for total cash consideration of $150,000 to
three of our independent directors. 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2016, the Company sold 754,954 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in an unregistered private placement for total cash
consideration of $3.0 million to various foreign investors. 

Refer also to Note 18,  Subsequent
Events  on page F-25. 

Beginning in January 2016, we implemented
a series of changes to streamline our organization and reduce monthly operating expenses. Our efforts focused on reducing staffing
costs, transferring certain functions to lower cost locations, consolidating our operations to fewer locations, and reducing our
efforts on activities not related to our core operations. These changes were designed to conserve our resources and allow for
continued investment in the completion and launch of our new Ominto.com and its related DubLi.com technology platform. The new
platform launched in May 2016. As of the date of this filing it is still too early to tell if the platform will lead to the revenue
growth the Company anticipates. 

3.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation   

 These consolidated financial statements
and notes are presented in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
in conformity with US GAAP and includes the accounts of Ominto, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Use
of Estimates   

 The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements, in conformity with US GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affected the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, ( FASB ), issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). The new revenue recognition standard
provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that
a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU 2014-09 is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and shall be applied either retrospectively to each period presented
or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Early adoption is permitted as of the effective date. The
Company is evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern
(Subtopic 205-40)  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 requires that for each annual and interim reporting period,
an entity s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). The amendments
in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs ( ASU-2015-03 ). ASU 2015-03 requires companies to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the
carrying value of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed for financial statements that have not been previously issued. Entities
would apply the new guidance retrospectively to all prior periods (i.e., the balance sheet for each period is adjusted). The adoption
of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 requires that lessees recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities for any lease classified as either a finance or operating lease that is not considered short-term.
The accounting applied by lessors is largely consistent from the existing lease standard. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal
years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Lessees and lessors will be required
to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. We
have obligations under lease agreements for facilities, which are classified as operating leases under the existing lease standard.
We are still evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and cash
flows.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU
2016-09 ). The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including
the income tax consequences and classifications. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will
have on our consolidated financial statements.    

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)
 ( ASU 2016-08 ), in April 2016 issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ), and in May 2016, issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition
(Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09
and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting  ( ASU 2016-11 ) .  ASU 2016-08
clarifies principal versus agent considerations relating to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing
a good or service to a customer. ASU 2016-08 requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide a
good or service to a customer, or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party. This determination
is based upon whether the entity controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer. When the entity that satisfies
a performance obligation is the principal, the entity recognizes the gross amount of consideration as revenue. When the entity
that satisfies the performance obligation is the agent, it recognizes the amount of any fee or commission as revenue. ASU 2016-10
clarifies the guidance in Topic 606 for identifying performance obligations in a contract as well as the implementation guidance
pertaining to revenue recognition related to licensing arrangements. ASU 2016-11 rescinds several SEC Staff Announcements that
are codified in Topic 605, including, among other items, guidance relating to accounting for consideration given by a vendor to
a customer, as well as accounting for shipping and handling fees and freight services. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In May 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-12,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU 2016-12 ),
which provides clarification on certain topics within ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU
2014-09 ), including assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, the measurement date for non-cash consideration
and completed contracts at transition, as well as providing a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition. The
effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as the
effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09, which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the expected adoption method and potential effect of
these ASUs on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,  Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323: Simplifying the
Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  ( ASU 2016-07 ). ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement that an
investor retrospectively apply the equity method of accounting when an investment becomes qualified for the equity method of
accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence. ASU 2016-07 requires that the equity
method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the
investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes
qualified for equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not
expect that this ASU will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 reduces diversity in practice by providing guidance on the classification
of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows . ASU 2016-15 clarifies that
when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows and cannot be separated, classification
will depend on the predominant source or use.  ASU 2016-15 is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal years, and for
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  The
Company is currently evaluating the potential effect of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.   

In
October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
2016-17 , Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control  ( ASU 2016-17 ).
ASU 2016-17 changes how a reporting entity considers indirect interests held by related parties under common control when evaluating
whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. ASU 2016-17 is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal years, and for interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential effect of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16 , Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
 ( ASU 2016-16 ), which eliminates the existing exception in U.S. GAAP prohibiting the recognition of the income
tax consequences for intra-entity asset transfers. Under ASU 2016-16, entities will be required to recognize the income tax consequences
of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory when the transfer occurs. ASU 2016-16 is effective on a modified retrospective
basis for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effect of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  

Foreign
Currency   

  Financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries operating in other than highly inflationary economies are translated at period-end exchange
rates for assets and liabilities and historical exchange rates during the period for income and expense accounts. The resulting
translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Financial statements of subsidiaries
operating in highly inflationary economies are translated using a combination of current and historical exchange rates and any
translation adjustments are included in current earnings. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are recorded
in operating expense. The Company has no subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies.  

In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 830,  Foreign Currency Matters,  companies with foreign operations or foreign currency transactions
are required to prepare the statement of cash flows using the exchange rates in effect at the time of the cash flows. The Company
uses an appropriately weighted average exchange rate for the period for translation if the result is substantially the same as
if the rates at the dates of the cash flows were used. The consolidated statement of cash flows reports the effect of exchange
rate changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies as a separate part of the reconciliation of the change in cash and cash
equivalents during the year. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

  The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of transaction to
be cash equivalents.  

The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit
accounts in the United States, United Arab Emirates, Germany and India, which at times may exceed the federally insured limits
in those countries. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant
credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.  

Restricted
cash   

  The
Company has agreements with organizations that process credit card transactions of the Company. The credit card processors have
financial risk of chargebacks associated with the credit card transactions because the processor generally forwards the cash proceeds
to the Company soon after each transaction is completed but before the expiration of the time period in which the purchaser may
request a refund. The Company s agreements with the credit card processors allow them to create and maintain a reserve account
by retaining a certain portion of the cash generated from the credit card transactions that would otherwise be delivered to the
Company, herein known as  Restricted Cash . The reserve requirement with each card processor is set at their respective
fixed percentage for all transactions to be held for their respective rolling term period from the date of the transaction.  

Accounts Receivable, net of Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

Receivables are uncollateralized obligations
due under normal trade terms, typically requiring payment within 30 days from invoice date. Accounts Receivable are included Other
Receivable and Prepaid Expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Receivables are stated at the contractual
amount billed, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, if any. Accounts dated over 60 days old are considered past due. The
Company estimates the allowance based on an analysis of specific accounts, taking into consideration the age of past due accounts
and an assessment of the debtor s ability to pay. Interest income is not recognized on past due accounts. 

Property
and Equipment, net   

 Property and equipment are recorded at cost.
Computers and equipment, computer software, furniture and fixtures are depreciated using the straight line method over their economic
useful lives (five years). Leasehold improvements included in furniture and fixtures are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease. Land is not amortized. The cost of maintenance and repairs of equipment is charged to expense when incurred.
When the Company sells, disposes or retires property and equipment, the related gains or losses are included in operating results. 

Internal-use
Software and Website Development   

 Costs incurred to develop software for internal
use are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software (60 months from the date of completion of the
software development). Costs related to design or maintenance of internal-use software and website development are expensed as
incurred. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we capitalized $641,692 and $553,994, respectively, associated with
internal-use software and website development.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

  In
accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment - Subsequent Measurement  ( ASC 360 ), the Company reviews
the carrying value of our long-lived assets annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical
cost-carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. The Company assesses recoverability of the carrying value of the
asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset, including eventual disposition. The estimate
of cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about expected future operating performance, growth rates
and other factors. Estimates of undiscounted cash flows may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, technological
changes, economic conditions, changes to the business model or changes in operating performance. If the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows (excluding interest) is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss will be recognized, measured as the amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is determined using available market data, comparable
asset quotes and/or discounted cash flow models.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

  The
Company has adopted ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ) for measurement and disclosures
about the fair value of its financial instruments. ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value using a three level
hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value  

The
book value of the Company s financial instruments consisting of cash, receivables, deferred costs, accounts payable and
accrued liabilities approximate their respective fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.  

The
three levels of fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are:  

Level
1 - Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;  

Level
2 - Inputs (other than quoted market prices included in Level 1) are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset
or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the instrument's anticipated
life; and  

Level
3 - Inputs reflect Management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at
the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs
to the model. Valuation of instruments includes unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of fair value of assets or liabilities.  

Determining
which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. We evaluate our hierarchy disclosures
each quarter. Liabilities measured at fair value are summarized as follows as of:  

September
30, 2016:   

Level 1       
     Level 2       
     Level 3       
     Total     
 
     Derivative liability    
     $             
     $          
     $          
     $        

September
30, 2015:   

The fair value of the Derivative Liability
of $165,919 on the November 7, 2015 conversion date of the Convertible Notes to shares of the Company s common stock was
determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions and was capitalized in Additional Paid
in Capital along with the $5.0 million carrying value of the Convertible Notes. See Note 9,  Derivative Liability, 
for further details.  

Revenue
Recognition   

  The
Company recognizes revenues in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition  which requires that four basic criteria be
met before revenues can be recognized: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred or services
have been rendered; (iii) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination
of criteria (iii) and (iv) are based on Management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products
delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and cash back to customers, estimated returns
and allowances, and other adjustments are recorded in the same period the related revenues are recorded. The Company defers
any revenues that are subject to refund, and, for which the product has not been delivered or the service has not been rendered.  

DubLi Network, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company has a global network marketing organization with Business Associate representatives in many countries throughout
the world. The Company offers Business Associates a wide variety of products and services to sell to their customers, many of
whom are also recruited to become Business Associates themselves. Business Associates earn commissions on sales of products and
services that they sell directly, and earn commissions on  downstream  sales of products and services made by Business
Associates that they recruit into the marketing network. The Company also offers various membership packages to customers and
a Partner program whereby customers are recruited who shop on our DubLi shopping mall.  

The
Company s revenue recognition policies for each of its products and services are as follows:  

E-commerce
and memberships   

Business
        license fees - Business Associates pay an initial business license fee and partner program participants (excluding not-for-profit
        organizations) pay a setup fee for the marketing and training services provided by the Company which enables them to begin
        their sales of DubLi s products and services. The business license fee or partner setup fee is recognized as revenue
        ratably over twelve months.  
             
          Effective
        March 2014, our Business Associates were no longer required to pay a monthly fee to maintain their current membership
        status; these monthly fees were recorded as revenue in the respective period for which it was paid. Partner program participants
        continue to pay a monthly maintenance fee which is recorded as revenue in the respective period for which it was paid.    

Membership subscription fees - (i) Effective
        April 2014, our Business Associates were required to purchase our membership subscription products for resale in the form of a
        qualifying VIP membership or VIP membership packages for Business Associates or membership packages for DubLi s customers
        as described under item (ii) below. These membership subscription products have a shelf life of twelve months. Revenue is recognized
        ratably over a twelve-month period when any membership subscription product is activated or immediately upon expiry; (ii) DubLi
        customers who purchase a VIP membership package pay a monthly or an annual subscription fee, respectively. The monthly subscription
        fee is recorded as revenue in the respective period for which it was paid and the annual subscription fee is recognized ratably
        over the subscription period. 
           
         Multiple-element arrangements - When
        Dubli Network sells  business licenses, VIP membership vouchers, training and certification programs and marketing programs
        to BAs in bundles,  the transaction price is allocated to each component of Revenue in proportion to the stand-alone selling
        price. Stand-alone selling price is based on vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value. VSOE of fair
        value is determined based on the price charged where each deliverable is sold separately or a price set by management with the
        relevant authority. 
           
         At the end of the fourth quarter of
        fiscal year 2015, the Company concluded that it had accumulated a sufficient level of historical data from a large pool of homogenous
        transactions to allow management to reasonably and objectively determine an estimated unused and expired VIP voucher rate and the
        pattern of VIP voucher redemptions. Under this method, revenue is recognized and the VIP voucher liability is derecognized for
        unredeemed VIP vouchers in proportion to actual VIP voucher redemptions. The Company believes this method is appropriate for recognizing
        revenue on expiration or use, because it better reflects the VIP voucher earnings process. In accordance with Accounting Standards
        Codification (ASC) Topic 250,  Accounting Changes and Error Corrections,  The Company concluded this accounting change
        represented a change in accounting estimate effected by a change in accounting principle and include a revision in expected redemptions
        based on VIP voucher redemption patterns. Accordingly, we accounted for the change as a change in estimate utilizing the cumulative
        catch-up method. The impact of the cumulative catch-up recorded at the end of the fourth quarter 2015 was to reduce VIP voucher
        deferred revenue and increase Revenue by approximately $9.3 million. 

Membership Voucher Revenue is based on an analysis of estimated breakage and redemption effective rates.  
The breakage percentage rates are estimated based on historical trends and are adjusted periodically based on actual breakage rates.
Membership Voucher Revenue and Deferred Revenue calculations are based on a ratable/ waterfall  method whereby the
monthly purchases are allocated between redeemed vouchers and estimated breakage. This allocation is then amortized over a 12-month
period.  The allocations are based on actual experience from inception to the current date. Our evaluation of the redemption
rates in 2016 revealed that the historical assumptions used in fiscal year 2015 should be changed. . In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 250,  Accounting Changes and Error Corrections,  The Company concluded this accounting
change represented a change in accounting estimate. This change in our assumptions resulted in an increase in Revenue of approximately
$575,000, a decrease in our Loss from operations of approximately $287,500 or a decrease in our Net loss of approximately of
$287,500 and a decrease in our Loss per share by approximately $0.02/per share for the 2016 fiscal year. 

We believe it is appropriate to recognize
        revenues on this basis in order to more closely match revenue and related costs. We believe that the use of recent historical data
        is reasonable and appropriate because of the relative stability of the average actual number of VIP membership s redeemed.   

Commissions - The Company receives varying percentages in commission income earned from merchants participating in its online shopping malls. These commissions are calculated based upon the agreed rates with the participating merchants on all our customers  transactions processed through our online mall platform and are recognized on an accrual basis based upon data obtained from the merchant. A percentage of the commission income is payable, in the form of cash back, to the customer for all purchase transactions. The Cash Back amount due the customer for the regular membership is accrued as a deduction from commission income at the time the commission income is recognized. The Cash Back amount due to customer for the VIP membership is recorded as a Cost of Revenue. Commissions receivable from merchants is included in other receivables and prepaid expenses and totaled $120,000 and $480,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Advertising and marketing - Revenues for the respective advertising and marketing programs are recognized at a fixed rate per customer allocated to Business Associates in accordance with the terms and obligations under the programs or upon expiration based upon the following criteria - (i) when the Business Associate became inactive for twelve months and redemption was deemed remote, (ii) when the Business Associate accepted an exchange under any replacement program, or (iii) when waivers and releases were obtained from the Business Associate.   

Deferred
Revenues   

Deferred subscription fee revenues relate
to unearned revenues associated with VIP memberships. The Company sells memberships and payments are received in advance of customers
using the memberships. 

Auctions
(Discontinued Operations)   

  Effective
March 28, 2013, the Company discontinued its auctions program. Any remaining unused Credits owned by Business Associates following
the discontinuance had been reclassified as a liability of discontinued operations. Unused credits associated with inactive Business
Associates are recognized as revenues on the earlier of twelve months after termination of the auctions program or when waivers
and releases are obtained from Business Associates who have opted to accept any replacement program.  

Prior
to March 28, 2013, revenues from the auctions program were recorded on a net basis of (i) bidding Credits used and broken in auctions,
(ii) sale of goods and handling fees, and (iii) net auctioned value of gift cards. Net auctioned value of gifts cards was arrived
at based upon the auctioned face value of the gift card less its associated cost of the gift card.  

Cost
of Revenues   

  Cost
of revenues are principally commissions based upon each Business Associate's volume of sales, any  Down-line  sales
by other Business Associates under the sponsoring Business Associate, and purchase transactions through our Shopping Malls made
by customers under the sponsoring Business Associate. Commissions due to Business Associates at the time of such transaction are
recorded as deferred costs until the corresponding revenues are recognized. Special incentive bonuses are recognized when the
Business Associate meets the sales target goals or specific criteria, and are recorded as deferred costs which are then expensed
ratably as the corresponding revenues are recognized.  

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses   

  Selling,
general and administrative expenses include costs associated with advertising expenses, stock compensation, staff payroll costs,
outside services, bank transaction fees, and other general administrative costs.  

Comprehensive
Income (loss)   

  Comprehensive
income (loss) is net earnings or loss after tax plus certain items that are recorded directly to stockholders  equity. Other
than foreign currency translation adjustments, the Company has no other comprehensive income (loss) components.  

Income
Taxes   

  The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ) under which deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and net operating loss and credit carry forwards, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected
to be realized. A provision for income tax expense is recognized for income taxes payable for the current period, plus the net
changes in deferred tax amounts.  

In
accordance with ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,  the Company adopted a more-likely-than-not threshold
for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. This interpretation
also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax
assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim
periods and income tax disclosures.  

In
the event of a distribution of the earnings of certain international subsidiaries, the Company would be subject to withholding
taxes payable on those distributions to the relevant foreign taxing authorities. Since the Company currently intends to reinvest
undistributed earnings of these international subsidiaries indefinitely, the Company has made no provision for income taxes that
might be payable upon the remittance or repatriation of these earnings. The Company has also not determined the amount of tax
liability associated with an unplanned distribution of these permanently reinvested earnings. In the event that in the future
the Company considers that there is a reasonable likelihood of the distribution of the earnings of these international subsidiaries
(for example, if the Company intends to use those distributions to meet our liquidity needs), the Company will be required to
make a provision for the estimated resulting tax liability, which will be subject to the evaluations and judgments of uncertainties
described above.  

The
Company conducts business globally and, as a result, one or more of our subsidiaries file income tax returns in U.S. federal and
state, and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities
in the countries in which each respective company operates. The Company is currently under ongoing tax examinations in several
countries. While such examinations are subject to inherent uncertainties, the Company does not currently anticipate that any such
examination would have a material adverse impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

Earnings
(loss) per Share   

  The
Company computes earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share  which requires presentation of
both basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) on the face of the consolidated statements of operations. Basic
EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the year. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common stock outstanding during the year using the treasury
stock method and any convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price
for the year is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants.
Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
in accordance with ASC 718,  Share-Based Compensation , which requires the use of the fair value method to determine compensation
for all arrangements under which employees and others receive shares of stock or equity instruments (warrants and options). The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of the stock option grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model that
uses assumptions for expected volatility, expected dividends, expected term, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatility
is based on weighted average of the historical volatility of the Company's common stock and selected peer group comparable volatilities
and other factors estimated over the expected term of the options. The expected term of stock options granted is derived using
the  simplified method  which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term plus the contract
term. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period of the expected
term. Stock-based compensation is included in Selling, General and Administrative expenses in the accompanying income statements
with a corresponding amount included in Common Stock and Additional Paid in Capital in the accompanying balance sheets. 
The Company reduces its stock compensation expense for actual forfeitures of unvested stock options and warrants in the period
in which the forfeiture occurs. 

Segment
Policy   

 The Company derives its revenues from the
E-Commerce cash back and Memberships segment which includes business license fees, membership subscription fees, commission income,
and, advertising and marketing programs; and Auctions segment (reported as discontinued operations) as described in Note 17 -
Segment Information.     

4. Earnings/Loss Per Share  

Basic earnings or loss per share is computed
by dividing net income or loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income or loss available to common shareholders by the number
of fully diluted shares, which includes the effect of dilutive potential issuances of common shares as determined using income
from continuing operations, including the potential issuance of common shares upon the exercise, conversion or vesting of outstanding
stock options and unvested restricted shares, as calculated under the treasury stock method, as well as shares associated with
the Company s convertible debt securities, which were converted during fiscal year 2016. When the Company reports a net
loss, rather than net income, from continuing operations, the computation of diluted loss per share excludes dilutive common stock
equivalents as their effect would be anti-dilutive. Therefore, weighted average dilutive common shares would be excluded from
the calculation. The Company reported a net loss from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and had
no dilutive common stock equivalents at September 30, 2016 that affected diluted net loss per share for the related period. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016,
there was no potentially dilutive securities included in the dilutive weighted average shares, including outstanding stock options,
warrants and other compensation arrangements. For the year ended September 30, 2015, potential dilutive securities, which consisted
of outstanding stock options, warrants and other compensation arrangements amounted to approximately 2,307,900. 

5.
Restricted Cash    

Restricted
cash represents chargeback reserves held by the Company s credit card processor. Amounts of restricted cash held, by type
of currency were as follows:  

6.
Deferred Costs   

Deferred
costs represent commission costs which are directly related to: (i) unearned subscription fees which are expensed ratably over
the subscription periods; and (ii) advertising and marketing programs which are expensed when all services and obligations are
fulfilled. Deferred costs expensed are included in cost of revenues.  

7.
Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment comprised the following:  

Land
Held for Sales Incentives     

  The
Company acquired a land parcel consisting of 15 lots in the Cayman Islands in March 2010. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
land value of approximately $0.9 million consisted of the contract price and land filled cost of approximately $3.6 million less
a valuation allowance of approximately $2.7 million that was based on Management s evaluation of the estimated fair value.  

The
investment in the land parcel in the Cayman Islands is intended to provide incentive rewards to the best performing DubLi Business
Associates upon attaining certain performance objectives.  

Depreciation
of Property and Equipment excluding Land   

 Depreciation expense was $227,959 and $198,917
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

8. Note Payable   

On September 15,
2015, the Company entered into a convertible note payable agreement with two unrelated parties of the Company for a total of $5.0
million to be used for general working capital ( the Convertible Note ). As of September 30, 2015, approximately $3.6
million was received from the holders. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, an additional $1.4 million was received from
the holders. The notes bear interest at the three-month LIBOR rate (London Interbank Offered Rate) on the date of issuance which
was 2%. The rate remained unchanged while the convertible note was outstanding. The principal balance and accrued interest would
convert to common stock of the Company pursuant to a mandatory conversion provision or become due and payable September 15, 2017
if the conversion provision is not triggered. The notes mandatorily would convert five days after the Company files either an
amendment to its articles of incorporation with the state of Nevada increasing its authorized shares and/or an amendment with
the state of Nevada authorizing a reverse split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. The Company filed two amendments
to its articles of incorporation with the State of Nevada on November 1, 2015 that triggered conversion of the Convertible Note
to 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock on November 7, 2015. 

The $5.0 million
Convertible Note included detachable warrants for 300,000 shares of common stock that had a fair value of $306,549 on September 15, 2015. The fair value of the warrants was recorded as a discount that reduced the $5.0 million of proceeds to a net carrying
value of $4.7 million at September 30, 2015. Refer to Note 9,  Derivative Liability , below for more information about the
conversion feature in the Convertible Note that was treated as a derivative liability at September 30, 2015.  

Interest expenses
related to these notes, including amortization of the discount on the Convertible Note, totaled $298,827 and $22,580 for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

9.
Derivative Liability   

The Company analyzed the terms of the $5.0
million Convertible Note entered into on September 15, 2015. The agreement required the Company to issue a stock purchase warrant
for 300,000 shares of common stock to the holders of the notes upon conversion of the outstanding principal and accrued interest
into common stock of the Company. The Company issued convertible debt with a warrant attached, due to the Company not having authorized
shares available under its articles of incorporation.  The warrants had a price-based anti-dilutive protection provisions
(also known as  down round  provisions) and in accordance with  ASC Topic 815,  Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity  , we were required to recognize the warrant as a derivative liability at its fair value as of September 30,
2015. The fair value of the derivative liability associated with these warrants on the date of issuance, September
15, 2015, was $306,549. In addition, the Company recognized a charge for the increase in the fair value of the derivative liability
for the year ended September 30, 2015 of $409,026. The fair value of the derivative liability of the warrants as of September
30, 2015 was $715,575. On November 7 th , 2015 the convertible notes converted to 800,000 shares of the Company s
common stock and a stock purchase warrant for 300,000 shares of common stock was issued to the holders. During September, 2016,
the detachable warrants for the 300,000 shares of stock expired unexercised. The Company, however, awarded 50,000 and 80,000 shares
of stock to the two investors in June 2016. 

The fair value of the Derivative Liability
of $165,919 on the November 7, 2015 conversion date of the Convertible Notes to shares of the Company s common stock was
determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions and was capitalized in Additional Paid
In Capital along with the $5.0 million carrying value of the Convertible Notes in the accompanying balance sheets at September
30, 2016. 

10.
Amounts Due to Related Parties    

Amounts due to related parties are as follows: 

During January, 2016 the Company paid Mr. Hansen,
the Company s CEO, the balance of $397,480 that was owed to him at September 30, 2015.  

Amounts
due for services rendered by Mr. Hansen, CEO, and Ms. Sorensen, COO, are accrued compensation. The balance due for services at
September 30, 2016 was paid in shares of common stock on November 30, 2016. Mr. Hansen owns 25% of the shares and is the Managing
Director of Best Invest Commercial Brokers Ltd, a UAE corporation. Ms. Sorensen owns 24% of the shares of Best Invest Commercial
Brokers LLC.   A  mounts
due for advances and services rendered are non-interest bearing and have no terms of repayment.  

11.
Discontinued Operations   

The Company discontinued all of its reverse
auction activities effective March 28, 2013. As a result, the operating results for the reverse auction program have been reclassified
to income from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations.  

All
the costs associated with the Credits had been fully expensed as of the effective date of the termination of operations. The Company
did not recognize a gain or loss on discontinued operations.  

Included in liabilities of discontinued
operations at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unused Credits of approximately $27,000 and $60,000, respectively.  

12.
Income Taxes   

The
provision (benefit) for income taxes comprised the following:  

The
tax effect of significant items comprising our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

At September 30, 2016, the Company has
approximately $8.8 million of net operating loss carryforwards for US federal income tax purposes that expire beginning in 2019.
Due to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitations related to the change in ownership of the Company, the utilization of pre-acquisition
net operating losses is limited on an annual basis. The Company had approximately $20.4 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards
at September 30, 2016 that expire beginning in 2018. 

In assessing the ability to realize
the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during
the period in which these temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the projected future taxable income and
prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, valuation allowances
of approximately $8.2 million and approximately $6.5 million have been recorded, respectively. A valuation allowance has been established
to reduce deferred income tax assets, principally domestic and foreign tax loss carryforwards to amounts more likely than not to
be realized. Consequently, the change in the Company's valuation allowance of approximately $1.7 million was primarily due to the
change in federal and foreign net operating losses. 

A
reconciliation of U.S. statutory federal income tax rate related to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations to the effective
tax rate for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:    

The
Company operates as a US corporation with foreign subsidiaries. As a result, the Company's expected statutory rate is 34 percent
and would apply to its foreign earnings if such amounts were earned in the US. The Company's foreign earnings were derived principally
in Cyprus, which has a tax rate of 12.5 percent, and in the British Virgin Islands, which does not assess a corporate income tax
on earnings. As a result, the Company's effective rate was impacted significantly by the effect of the Company's foreign earnings.  

The
Company's effective tax rate was also affected by the change in the valuation allowance.  

Under
ASC 740, an entity may only recognize or continue to recognize tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold. In the
ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. The Company assesses its income
tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances
and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will
be sustained, the Company has recognized the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being
realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income
tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in
the Company's financial statements. Management believes that the Company has not taken any material tax positions that would be
deemed to be uncertain, therefore the Company has not established a liability for uncertain tax positions for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the tax years beginning from the year ended September 30, 2013 through
the year ended September, 2016 were determined to be open for purposes of the Company's ASC 740 analysis.   

13.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Employment
agreements   

  The
Company has employment agreements with certain officers, which extend from 24 to 60 months, and are renewable for successive one year
terms. These agreements provide for base levels of compensation and separation benefits. Future minimum payments under these employment
agreements as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Operating Leases   

 The Company leases its office premises located
in Florida and is in the process of terminating its lease in Washington. The Company terminated its leases in Oregon, Colorado
and Utah during FY 2016. The initial term of the Florida lease was for 39 months. During fiscal year 2016, the Company increased
its leased space in Florida and extended the lease term to 63 months until September 2021. Future minimum payments under the Florida
lease as of September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Legal Matters  

  From
time to time, the Company is involved in legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business that, in the opinion of management,
will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position.  

14.
Stockholders  Equity    

Preferred
stock    

The
pertinent rights and privileges of each share of the Super Voting Preferred Stock ( Preferred Stock ) are as follows:  

(i)  
      each
    share shall not be entitled to receive any dividends;   

(ii)  
      each
    share shall participate pari passu with the common stock of the Company in the proceeds available to the Company's stockholders
    upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company;   

(iii)  
      each share shall be mandatorily converted into one share of common stock upon the earlier of (i) the consummation of a  Change in Control Transaction  (as defined in the Company s Articles of Incorporation) or any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of such shares or (ii) August 17, 2017; and   

(iv)  
      each
    share of Preferred Stock is entitled 40 votes of common stock held at the record date for the determination of stockholders
    entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders of the Company or action by written consent in lieu of meetings with respect
    to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company. Each holder of Preferred Stock shall vote together with
    the holders of common stock, as a single class, except (a) as provided by Nevada Statutes and (b) with regard to the amendment,
    alteration or repeal of the preferences, rights, powers or other terms with the written consent of the majority of holders
    of Preferred Stock.   

Common
stock   

In conjunction with the sale of 400,000
shares of common stock at $5.00 per share for a total cash consideration of $2 million to a former substantial stockholder in
August 2015, a warrant was also issued for the purchase of up to 500,000 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share, exercisable
for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the warrants. The warrant expired during fiscal 2016 and the investor was
awarded 400,000 shares of common stock at a value of $2.94 per share as compensation that vested immediately. 

In conjunction with the sale of 100,000
shares of common stock at $5.00 per share for a total cash consideration of $500,000 to a former lender to the Company, warrants
were also issued for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares of common stock at $2.50 per share, exercisable for a period of sixty
days from the date of issuance of the warrant. The warrant was exercised in October 2015 prior to its expiration for a total of
$250,000. 

On
January 15, 2016, we sold 26,533 shares of common stock at $8.00 per share for total cash consideration of $212,000 to a private
investor.  

On
February 19, 2016 and February 22, 2016, we sold a total of 40,002 shares of common stock at a price of $3.75 per share for total
cash consideration of $150,000 to three of our independent directors.   

During
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company sold 754,954 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in an unregistered
private placement for total cash consideration of $3.0 million to various foreign investors.  

As
of September 30, 2016, private placement shares totaling 791,206 shares have not yet been issued due to certain administrative
and documentation requirements. The shares are committed for issuance and are reflected as issued and outstanding on the books
of the Company, but stock certificates were not issued as of September 30, 2016. These shares were included in the Company s
basic and diluted weighted average shares computation for the year ended September 30, 2016. Certificates for these shares committed
for issuance will be issued during fiscal year 2017.  

In
addition, 113,950 shares of common stock awarded to employees and Directors as compensation in lieu of salaries and Director fees
were also committed for issuance, and are not yet recorded on the books of the Company at par, stock certificates were not issued
due to certain administrative and documentation requirements. These shares were not included in the Company s basic and
diluted weighted average shares computation for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company recorded this obligation in Accounts
Payable and Due to Related Party as of September 30, 2016. Certificates for these shares committed for issuance were issued on
November 30, 2016.  

Also refer to Note 18  Subsequent
Events  on page F-25. 

Reverse Stock Split  

On August 15, 2015, our board and a
stockholder holding a majority of the votes approved a reverse split of common stock at ratio of 1-for-20 to 1-for-100 with the
board of directors having discretion to set the ratio. On November 1, 2015, our board approved a reverse stock split of our common
stock at a ratio of 1-for-50 (the  Reverse Split ). The Company effectuated the Reverse Split on November 4, 2015, and
the shares of common stock began trading on a post-reverse split basis on November 6, 2015. The par value of common stock and Super-Voting
Preferred was not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split reduced the Company s authorized shares from
700 million shares to 14 million shares. All issued and outstanding common stock, options for common stock, restricted stock awards,
warrants, and convertible debt, and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this Reverse Split for all periods
presented. The voting and conversion rights of the Super Voting Preferred have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this Reverse
Split for all periods presented. 

Also, refer to Note 18,  Subsequent Events  on
page F-25. 

15.
Warrants:    

On October 1, 2015, we had warrants for 600,000
shares of common stock outstanding. 

The holder of a 100,000-share warrant at $2.50
per share exercised his warrant at $2.50 per share on October 12, 2015 for total consideration of $250,000. 

Upon conversion of $5.0 million of convertible
notes on November 7, 2015, the Company issued warrants to the two investors for the purchase of a total of 300,000 shares of common
stock at $10.00 per share, exercisable for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the warrants. 

On August 13, 2016, warrants for 500,000 shares
of common stock with an exercise price of $5.00 per share expired unexercised.     

Warrants for 260,000 shares at $10.00 per share
and warrants for 40,000 shares at $10.00 per share expired on September 11, 2016 and September 15, 2016, respectively. In June,
2016, prior to their expiration, the Company awarded these two investors 150,000 shares of common stock and 80,000 shares of common
stock that vested immediately. The Company had no warrants for shares of common stock outstanding on September 30, 2016. 

16.
Stock Based Compensation   

The
Company s 2010 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ) was approved on September 30, 2010 by Mr. Hansen,
who was the Company s majority stockholder at the time. On June 9, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved an increase
of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Company s Omnibus Plan from 1 million to 3 million. The Omnibus
Plan s participants include board members, executives, employees and certain consultants and advisers of the Company and
the Omnibus Plan has been implemented in order to attract, incentivize and retain highly qualified individuals and keep the Company
competitive with other companies with respect to executive compensation. Awards under the Omnibus Plan may be made to participants
in the form of (i) incentive stock options; (ii) non-qualified stock options; (iii) stock appreciation rights; (iv) restricted
stock; (v) deferred stock; (vi) stock awards; (vii) performance shares; (viii) other stock-based awards; and (ix) other forms
of equity-based compensation as may be provided and are permissible under the Omnibus Plan and the law.  

The
fair value of stock options awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model, with the following assumptions:  

Stock Options : 

During the year ended September 30,
2016, we recognized approximately $1.1 million of employee stock option compensation. The unamortized stock option compensation
expense at September 30, 2016 was approximately $450,000 and is expected to be recognized over a period of 1.6 years. The
Company reduces its stock compensation expense for actual forfeitures of unvested stock options in the period in which the forfeiture
occurs. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, management conducted an analysis of the expected volatility used in the Company s Black-Scholes
option-pricing model under the guidance provided in ASC 718,  Stock Based Compensation . Management considered a number of
factors in estimating expected volatility including historical share price, trading volumes, market capitalization, historical
and perspective financial data of the Company, changes to the business plan, and peer companies weighted for relative risk factors.
They selected a volatility using a probability weighting based on these factors in the range of 65% to 75%. As a result of this
analysis, the Company determined that using just historical share price volatility was no longer appropriate to value new options
and warrants and now uses a 70% volatility rate for the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  

The
following summarizes the stock option activity for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
following summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016:  

Restricted Stock Units   

The Company uses the
Intrinsic Value method to determine the fair value of its restricted stock units on the grant date. As of September 30, 2016, there
were 155,280 unvested restricted stock units outstanding with a weighted-average grant date value of $7.02. The restricted stock
units vest over the next 1.3 years. Unamortized stock compensation expense as of September 30, 2016 was $1.0 million and is
expected to be amortized over the next 1.3 years. 

The
following table summarizes information about shares of restricted stock awards activity under the Plan for the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:  

During the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016, the Company granted restricted stock awards of 666,533 shares of common stock as compensation to various consultants and
Directors under the Plan which vested immediately.  

791,206 shares
of common stock, recorded at par value, are committed for issuance (described in Note 14,  Stockholder s Equity 
above) and were included in the Company s basic and diluted weighted average shares computation for the year ended September
30, 2016.  

In addition,
113,950 shares of common stock, not yet recorded at par, are also committed for issuance (described in Note 14,  Stockholder s
Equity,  above) and were not included in the Company s basic and diluted weighted average shares computati on
for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company recorded this obligation in Accounts Payable and Due to Related Party as of
September 30, 2016. Certificates for these shares committed for issuance were issued on November 30, 2016.   

17.
Segment Information   

The
Company divides its product and service lines into two segments: (1) E-Commerce and Memberships segment which includes business
license fees, membership subscription fees and commission income, and, advertising and marketing programs; and (2) Auctions segment
(reported as discontinued operations).  

The
total revenues recorded in our four geographic regions are summarized as follows:  

18.
Subsequent Events   

During October 2016, the Company sold 255,000
shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in an unregistered private placement to a group of foreign investors totaling $1.02
million. 

During October 2016, the Company s
shareholders approved the increase of its authorized shares of common stock to 200 million shares from 14 million shares and to
increase its authorized shares under the 2010 Omnibus Plan to 4.5 million from 3.0 million. 

During November 2016, the Company sold
245,000 shares of common stock at $4.00 per share in an unregistered private placement to a group of foreign investors totaling
$980,000. 

On December 13, 2016, the Company acquired
40% of a Denmark-based company named Lani Pixels A/S ( Lani Pixels ). Lani Pixels will act as Ominto s strategic
content partner in the future. The transaction was structured in two parts: 

(1) The
Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Lani Pixels A/S, pursuant to which Lani Pixels purchased one million two
hundred eighty-five thousand seven hundred fourteen (1,285,714) shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per
share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00 per share and in exchange therefor, Lani Pixels issued and/or transferred to
the Company, all right, title, and interest in and to shares of Lani Pixels  common stock that represents an aggregate of
20% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Lani Pixels on a fully diluted basis. In addition, the Company loaned Lani Pixels
$500,000 and Lani Pixels issued a promissory note in the amount of $500,000 ( Note ) to the Company. The Note matures
on October 31, 2017 and accrues interest at a rate of 3% per annum. The Company also purchased a senior secured debenture (the
 Debenture ) from Lani Pixels in the amount of $2.0 million. The Debenture has a coupon of 5% per annum, payable semi-annually
and a running fee that entitles the Company to 3% of the gross revenues from July 1, 2017 to and including December 31, 2025, paid
semi-annually on February 12, 2018 for the preceding semi-annual period from July 1 through December 31. The Debenture matures
on February 12, 2026 and has a call option under which the principal amount may be redeemed in whole from February 12, 2018 or
on any consecutive coupon date thereafter. 

(2) the Company entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement with Kim Pagel ( Pagel ), pursuant to which Pagel transferred to the Company, all right,
title, and interest in and to shares of Lani Pixels  common stock that represents an aggregate of 20% of the issued and outstanding
common stock of Lani Pixels on a fully diluted basis in exchange for one million one hundred forty-two thousand eight hundred fifty-seven
(1,142,857) shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00
per share, and an additional cash amount of $500,000. 

On December 13, 2016 ( Closing
Date ), the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( Agreement ) with Quant Systems, Inc. ( Quant ),
pursuant to which Quant purchased eight hundred three thousand five hundred seventy-one (803,571) shares (the  Ominto Shares )
of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), valued at $4.00 per share and in
exchange therefor, Quant issued and/or transferred to the Company, all right, title, and interest in and to shares of Quant s
common stock that represents an aggregate of 18.75% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Quant on a fully diluted basis.
Subject to the terms of the Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase up to four hundred one thousand
seven hundred eighty-five (401,785) of the Ominto Shares from Quant in one or more transactions, commencing on the Closing Date
for a period up to 12 months. 

On December 13, 2016, the Company issued
two hundred twenty-five thousand (225,000) shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, valued at $4.00
per share to an unrelated third party in exchange for a $900,000 promissory note (the  Note ). The Note bears interest
at 5% per annum and matures on February 14, 2017. The Note is secured by a personal guarantee and by a mortgage on a parcel of
land. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

*
  Filed herewith.  

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OMINTO, INC   

Dated: December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ MICHAEL HANSEN   

Michael Hansen   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities indicated on December 29, 2016. 

Signatures  
       
      Title   

/s/ DAVID POLLEI  
       
      Chairman of the Board and Director   
 
      David Pollei  

/s/ MICHAEL HANSEN  
       
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director    
 
      Michael Hansen  
       
      (Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ RAOUL QUIJADA  
       
      Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and    
 
      Raoul Quijada  
       
      Principal Accounting Officer)   

/s/ MITCH HILL  
       
      Director   
 
      Mitch Hill  

/s/ GREGORY NEWELL  
       
      Director   
 
      Gregory Newell  

/s/ PETER HARRIS  
       
      Director   
 
      Peter Harris  

/s/ GARY S. BAUGHMAN  
       
      Director   
 
      Gary S. Baughman   

66  

<EX-3.14>
 2
 f10k2016ex3xiv_ominto.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION TO JUNE 15, 2015 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

Exhibit 3.14  

USE
        BLACK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT   
               
        ABOVE
        SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY   

Certificate
of Correction    

  (Pursuant to NRS Chapters
78, 78A, 80, 81, 82, 84, 86, 87, 87A, 88, 88A, 89 and 92A)  

1. 
The name of the  entity  for which correction is being made:  

Ominto,
Inc.  

2. 
Description of the original document for which correction is being made:  

Certificate
of Amendment  

4. 
    Description of the inaccuracy or defect:  

The
amendment inadvertently omitted a reference to the Board of Directors' authority to designate series of preferred stock.  

5. 
Correction of the inaccuracy or defect:  

Article
                                         2 of the Certificate of Amendment should read as follows:  

  Section
3 (three) of the Articles of Incorporation should be amended to read as follows:  

  Number
of Common Shares: 700,000,000 having a par value of $0.001 per share  

  Number
of Preferred Shares: 25,000,000 having a par value of $0.01 per share  

  The
Board of Directors shall have the authority to establish one or more series of Preferred Shares by duly adopted
resolution  

which shall provide for a distinguishing designation for the series
of Preferred Shares and the voting powers, (see attached) 

6. Signature: 

X         

Authorized Signature  
       
      Title *  
       
      Date   

*
If entity is a corporation, it must be signed by an officer if stock has been issued, OR an incorporator or director if stock
has not been issued; a limited-liability company, by a manager or managing members; a limited partnership or limited-liability
limited partnership, by a general partner; a limited-liability partnership, by a managing partner; a business trust, by a trustee.  

IMPORTANT:
 Failure to include any of the above information and submit with the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected.  

This
                                         form must be accompanied by appropriate fees.   

Nevada
                                         Secretary of State Correction  
          Revised:
        1-5-15  

</EX-3.14>

<EX-3.15>
 3
 f10k2016ex3xv_ominto.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION TO NOVEMBER 4, 2015 CERTIFICATE OF CHANGE

Exhibit 3.15  

USE
        BLACK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT   
               
        ABOVE
        SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY   

Certificate
of Correction    

   (Pursuant
to NRS Chapters 78, 78A, 80, 81, 82, 84, 86, 87, 87A, 88, 88A, 89 and 92A)   

1. 
The name of the  entity  for which correction is being made:  

Ominto,
Inc.  

2. 
Description of the original document for which correction is being made:  

3. 
        Filing date of the original document for which correction is being made:  
           
       11/4/2015   

4. 
    Description of the inaccuracy or defect:  

Sections 3, 4 and 5 of the form contained inaccuracies. 

5. 
Correction of the inaccuracy or defect:  

Please
    see Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, restated as attached.  

6. Signature: 

X         

Authorized Signature  
       
      Title *  
       
      Date   

*  If
entity is a corporation, it must be signed by an officer if stock has been issued, OR an incorporator or director if
stock has not been issued; a limited-liability company, by a manager or managing members; a limited partnership or
limited-liability limited partnership, by a general partner; a limited-liability partnership, by a managing partner; a
business trust, by a trustee.  

IMPORTANT:
 Failure to include any of the above information and submit with the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected.  

This
                                         form must be accompanied by appropriate fees.   

Nevada
                                         Secretary of State Correction  
          Revised:
        1-5-15  

</EX-3.15>

<EX-3.16>
 4
 f10k2016ex3xvi_ominto.htm
 AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION DATED OCTOBER 25, 2016

Exhibit 3.16  

USE
        BLACK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT   
               
        ABOVE
        SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY   

Certificate
of Change filed Pursuant to NRS 78.209    

    For
Nevada Profit Corporations    

1. 
Name of corporation:  

Ominto,
Inc.  

2.  The board of directors have adopted a resolution pursuant to NRS 78.209 and have obtained any required approval of
the stockholders.   

3. The current number of authorized shares
and the par value, if any, of each class or series, if any, of shares before the change: 

5. 
The number of shares of each affected class or series, if any, to be issued after the change in exchange for each issued share
of the same class or series:  

1-for-50
reverse stock split on outstanding common shares and the conversion ratio of the 300,000 preferred shares designated as Super
Voting Preferred Stock 

6. The provisions, if any, for the issuance of fractional shares, or for the payment of money or the issuance of scrip to
stockholders otherwise entitled to a fraction of a share and the percentage of outstanding shares affected thereby:  

None  

7. Effective date and time of filing: (optional) 
       
                 Date 
       
             Time 

(must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) 

8. Signature: (required) 

X         

Signature of Officer  
       
      Title  

IMPORTANT:
 Failure to include any of the above information and submit with the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected.  

This
                                         form must be accompanied by appropriate fees.   

Nevada
                                         Secretary of State Correction  
          Revised:
        1-5-15  

</EX-3.16>

<EX-10.35>
 5
 f10k2016ex10xxxv_ominto.htm
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 25, 2016 BETWEEN JEFFREY SCHUETT AND THE COMPANY DATED FEBRUARY 8, 2016

Exhibit 10.35  

SEPARATION
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE    

THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT
AND GENERAL RELEASE (hereinafter  AGREEMENT ) is made and entered into by and between Jeffrey Schuett (hereinafter
 EMPLOYEE ) and Ominto, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter  EMPLOYER ), and inures to the benefit
of each of EMPLOYER s current, former and future parents, subsidiaries, related entities, employee benefit plans and their fiduciaries,
predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns. EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER are collectively
referred to as the  PARTIES  and individual as  PARTY.  

RECITALS    

A.           EMPLOYEE
has been an employee of EMPLOYER and most recently served as Executive VP of Operations and Solutions Development ( EVP )
pursuant to an Employment Agreement dated as of October 28, 2015 (the  Employment Agreement ) which Employment Agreement
provides for certain severance benefits to EMPLOYEE;  

B.           EMPLOYER
notified EMPLOYEE on January 25, 2016 (the  Notice Date ) that he was being terminated without cause (as defined in
the Employment Agreement) and that to avoid undue disruption to EMPLOYER, his last day of employment would be January 25, 2016
(the  Termination Date );  

C.           The
PARTIES desire to confirm the severance package applicable to the termination of EMPLOYEE s employment relationship with EMPLOYER
without cause, and accordingly the terms of this AGREEMENT supersede and replace any prior contractual severance obligations including
any contained in the Employment Agreement; and  

D.           EMPLOYEE
and EMPLOYER wish permanently to resolve any and all disputes arising out of EMPLOYEE s Employment Agreement and any other issues
arising from EMPLOYEE S employment with EMPLOYER or the cessation of that employment.  

NOW,
THEREFORE,  for and in consideration of the execution of this AGREEMENT and the mutual covenants contained in the following
paragraphs, EMPLOYER and EMPLOYEE agree as follows:  

1.            Incorporation
of Recitals .  The Recitals and identification of the PARTIES to, and beneficiaries of, this AGREEMENT are incorporated
by reference as though fully set forth herein.  

2.            No
Admission of Liability .  The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT, and performance of the acts required by it, does not constitute
an admission of liability, culpability, negligence or wrongdoing on the part of anyone, and will not be construed for any purpose
as an admission of liability, culpability, negligence or wrongdoing by any PARTY and/or by any PARTY s current, former or future
parents, subsidiaries, related entities, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns.  

3.            Severance
Benefits .   

(a)              Severance
Pay .  If EMPLOYEE executes this AGREEMENT and does not revoke it (as described below), and he otherwise complies with this
Agreement, EMPLOYER will pay EMPLOYEE at his regular rate of pay ($250,000 per annum), less applicable withholding and taxes,
for a period of four (4) months beginning on the Termination Date ( Severance Pay ), which sums will he payable to EMPLOYEE
in accordance with EMPLOYER S normal payroll procedures beginning with the first regularly scheduled pay period following expiration
of the revocation period set forth in Section 8 below. EMPLOYEE s continued receipt of the Severance Pay shall be contingent upon
his compliance with all of the terms of this AGREEMENT. To the extent EMPLOYER learns that EMPLOYEE is violating his obligations
hereunder, EMPLOYER may withhold the Severance Pay or otherwise require reimbursement of the Severance Pay until it secures EMPLOYEE s
full and complete compliance with these obligations.  

(b)              COBRA
Benefit .  EMPLOYEE acknowledges that it is EMPLOYEE s responsibility to make a timely election to continue his own personal
participation in EMPLOYER s group health insurance plan pursuant to the terms of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act ( COBRA ). EMPLOYEE understands and agrees that he shall be fully responsible for making the necessary premium payments
in order to continue such coverage. EMPLOYER shall reimburse EMPLOYEE for EMPLOYEE s individual COBRA premium payments for EMPLOYEE
only until April 1, 2016, contingent upon EMPLOYEE s submittal of proof of payment to EMPLOYER within three (3) days of receipt
and EMPLOYEE s compliance with the terms of this AGREEMENT. This reimbursement shall be included in the next regularly schedule
severance payment through payroll following EMPLOYER s receipt of payment by the EMPLOYEE. Nothing herein shall limit the right
of EMPLOYER to change  the  provider and/or the terms of its health insurance plans at any time hereafter. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if EMPLOYER determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Benefit
without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or
incurring an excise or penalty tax, the PARTIES agree to reform this section.  

(c)              Neutral
Reference  . EMPLOYER agrees that if it is contacted by prospective employers of EMPLOYEE, EMPLOYER will release information
concerning the dates of EMPLOYEE s employment and the last position held, and will advise prospective employers of EMPLOYEE that
EMPLOYER s company policy is to release only such information.  

(d)            As
consideration for the execution of this AGREEMENT, and with the exception of the restrictive covenants contained in the Employment Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect as set
forth in, the PARTIES mutually acknowledge and agree that any and all other prior agreements, offer letters or contracts between
the PARTIES, are declared null and void with no legal effect as of the date of this AGREEMENT.  

4.             Wages
and Vacation Time Paid .  EMPLOYEE does not have any accrued or unused vacation time and has been paid for all salary, wages
and compensation earned through Termination Date and he is not entitled to receive and shall not claim from EMPLOYER, any  compensation,
payments or benefits except for those payments and bericlits that are expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

5.            General
Release .  EMPLOYEE hereby fully and forever releases, waives, discharges and promises not to sue or otherwise institute
or cause to be instituted any legal or administrative proceedings against EMPLOYER, any of its shareholders, insurers, predecessors,
successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliated or related companies, or any of their respective officers, directors, benefit plan
fiduciaries, attorneys, agents, employees and former employees and assignees thereof (collectively, the  COMPANY ),
with respect to any and all liabilities, claims, demands, contracts, debts, obligations and causes of action of any nature, kind,
and description, whether in law, equity or otherwise, whether or not now known or ascertained, which currently do or may exist,
including without limitation any matter, cause or claim arising out of or related to facts or events occurring prior to the execution
of this AGREEMENT, and/or arising from and relating to EMPLOYEE s employment with EMPLOYER, EMPLOYEE S recruitment therefor, or
the termination therefrom, including, but not limited to, any claims for unpaid wages, severance, benefits, penalties, breach
of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, infliction of emotional distress, misrepresentation, damages,
compensation, overtime compensation, monetary relief, employment, benefits. including but not limited to any claims for benefits
under any employment contract, employee benefit plan or any retirement plan, profit sharing, capital stock, bonuses, merit and
longevity increases, and all other benefits of all kind, earnings, backpay, front pay, liquidated and other damages, compensatory
damages, punitive damages, damage to character, damage to reputation, emotional distress, mental anguish, depression, injury,
impairment in locating employment, financial loss, home foreclosure, pain and suffering, being made whole, injunctive and declaratory
relief, interest, attorneys fees, and costs arising from any claims under,  inter alia,  Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, as amended, Sections 1981 and 1983 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans
With Disabilities Act, the Federal Rehabilitation Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Employment
Retirement Income and Security Act, the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, the Washington Law Against Discrimination, the Washington Family Leave Act, the Washington Minimum Wage
Act and all amendments to such laws, and any other federal, state or local laws and regulations relating to employment, conditions
of employment (including wage and hour laws), compensation (including stock options), and/or employment discrimination, and torts
of all kind, including but not limited to misrepresentation, negligent or otherwise, fraud, spoliation, defamation, libel, battery,
assault, slander, intentional infliction of emotional distress, workers  compensation, workers  compensation retaliation, interference
with an advantageous business relationship, negligent hiring, negligent retention, discrimination, claims or rights under state
and federal whistle-blower legislation.  

EMPLOYEE understands that, by releasing all of his legally waivable claims, known or unknown,
against the Company, he is releasing all of his rights to bring any claims against any of them based on any actions, decisions
or events occurring through the date of EMPLOYEE signs this AGREEMENT including the terms and conditions of his employment and
the termination of his employment.  

NOTHING
IN THIS RELEASE SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO PROHIBIT EMPLOYEE FROM CONTACTING, FILING A CHARGE OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY PROCEEDING  OR
INVESTIGATION BY THE U.S. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNI 1 1  COMMISSION ( F.F.00"), DEPARTMENT OF LABOR ( DOL ),
NATIONAi. LABOR E LATIONh BOARD ( NLRB ), OR COMPARABLE. STATE OR LOCAL ENTITY_ NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EMPLOYEE
AGREES TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO RECOVER MONETARY DAMAGES IN ANY CHARGE, COMPLAINT, OR LAWSUIT FILED BY HIM OR ON HIS BEHALF.   

6.            Acknowledgement
of Consideration  . The PARTIES hereto each acknowledge and agree that the Severance Benefits (Section 3 above) and
Release (Section 5 above), and mutual covenants and promises that are set [brill in this Agreement are being exchanged for
each of the PARTIES executing this Agreement, and that, but for the agreements made hereunder, they have no entitlement to
the consideration exchanged pursuant to this Agreement.  

7.            Notice Concerning Release of Claims Under the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act  . As part of this Agreement, EMPLOYEE expressly agrees to the release of any rights or claims arising
out of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA,  29 U.S.C.   621, et  seq.).  In accordance with the
Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act of 1990, EMPLOYEE is hereby advised of the following with respect to his release of any
claims under the ADEA: (1) EMPLOYEE is hereby advised that he has the right to consult with an attorney before signing this AGREEMENT,
and that to the extent, if any, that EMPLOYEE has desired. he has done so; (2) he has 21 days from the date of receipt of this
Agreement in which to review and consider this AGREEMENT and his release of any ADEA claim, and that he may use as much of this
21 day period as he wishes prior to signing; and (3) EMPLOYEE may revoke this AGREEMENT at any time during the 7 days following
his execution of this AGREEMENT, and the AGREEMENT shall not become effective or enforceable with respect to the claims under
the ADEA until the revocation period has expired. EMPLOYEE understands that any revocation of this Agreement must be made in writing
and delivered to EMPLOYER to the address set forth in Section 15 below within the seven (7) day period. This AGREEMENT will become
effective as to any ADEA claim 8 days after it is signed by EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER, and in the event the PARTIES do not sign on
the same date, then this AGREEMENT shall become effective as to any ADEA claim 8 days after the date it is signed by EMPLOYEE
( Effective Date ). This AGREEMENT does not constitute a waiver of any claim under the ADEA that may arise after the
date this AGREEMENT is executed by EMPLOYEE.  

8.            Severability
of Release Provisions  . EMPLOYEE agrees that if any provision of  
 the release given by him under this AGREEMENT is found
to be unenforceable, it will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions and the courts may enforce all remaining
provisions to the extent permitted by law.  

9.             Non-Disparagement  .
EMPLOYEE promises and agrees that he will not, except   
 as required by law, engage in any conduct or make any
statement which is in any way critical of, disparaging to, or otherwise derogatory about EMPLOYER (and as applicable, EMPLOYER s
management, Hoard of Directors andior employees) whether to press, investment community, stockholders, business associates, social
media or otherwise. Nothing in this Paragraph or in any other provision of this Agreement shall, or is intended to, limit any
other rights or remedies the PARTIES may have by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, including, without limitation filing an
action against a PARTY for breach of this Agreement.  

10.          Confidentiality
of AGREEMENT .  EMPLOYEE promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to others and
will keep confidential both the fact of and the terms of this AGREEMENT, including the amounts referred to in this AGREEMENT,
except that he may disclose this information to his spouse and to his attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors to
whom the disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purposes for which EMPLOYEE has consulted such professional advisors. EMPLOYEE
expressly promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to any present or former employees
of EMPLOYER the fact or the terms of this AGREEMENT. If EMPLOYEE is required to disclose this Agreement, its terms or underlying
facts pursuant to court order and/or subpoena, EMPLOYEE shall provide written notice to EMPLOYER in accordance with the requirements
set forth in Section 15 below. EMPLOYEE acknowledges that EMPLOYER has securities registered with the SEC and has certain reporting
requirements that may require EMPLOYER to summarize the terms of this AGREEMENT or file a copy of this AGREEMENT with the SEC.
The terrns of this provision will no longer apply to EMPLOYEE at such time as EMPLOYER files a copy of this AGREEMENT with the
SEC.  

11.          Restrictive
Covenants .  The PARTIES expressly incorporate and adopt herein the terms and obligations or the restrictive covenant and
the remedies for breach thereof contained in Sections 5-8 of the Employment Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference
and which remedies the PARTIES agree shall be applicable to breach of restrictive covenants in paragraphs 9, 12, 13 and 14 of
the AGREEMENT.  

12.          Confidentiality
of EMPLOYER s Confidential Information .  EMPLOYEE acknowledges that due to the position he has occupied and the responsibilities
he has had at EMPLOYER, he has received confidential information concerning EMPLOYER S products, procedures, customers, sales,
prices, contracts, and the like. EMPLOYEE hereby promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose
to others and will keep confidential all information he has received while employed by EMPLOYER concerning EMPLOYER s products
and procedures, the identities of EMPLOYER s customers, EMPLOYER s sales, EMPLOYER s prices, the terms of any of EMPLOYER S contracts
with third PARTIES, and the like. EMPLOYEE agrees that a violation by him of the foregoing obligation to maintain the confidentiality
of EMPLOYER s confidential information will constitute a material breach of this AGREEMENT. This information includes all aspects
of the EMPLOYER s business and extends to communication with existing and former employees, customers and business contacts and
prohibits EMPLOYEE from discussing the contents of this AGREEMENT or any business of the EMPLOYER. In the event that EMPLOYEE
is served with a subpoena in connection with any legal matter which would require disclosure of EMPLOYER s Confidential Information,
EMPLOYEE will provide written notice to EMPLOYER as soon as practicable after receipt of subpoena notice to EMPLOYER in accordance
with the requirements set forth in Section 15 below.  

13.          Return
of Company Property .  EMPLOYEE agrees that, as a condition to receiving the severance benefits set forth in this AGREEMENT,
he will return all Company property in his possession, custody or control.  

14.          Non-Solicitation .
 EMPLOYEE agrees that for a period of one (1) year from the Separation Date, he will not directly or  indirectly induce
or solicit any person who is an employee, officer, contractor or agent of EMPLOYER to terminate his or her employment with or
engagement by EMPLOYER.  

15.          Notices .
 Notice shall he addressed to the PARTIES at the address and facsimile listed below and sent by  both  (a) email  and
(b)   by a  nationally recognized overnight courier for next day morning delivery, in which case notice shall be deemed
delivered one (1) business day after the facsimile has been sent and one (I) business day after deposit with such overnight courier.
The addresses below may be changed by written notice to the other each of the  PARTIES;  provided, however, that no notice
of a change of address shall be effective until actual receipt of such notice.  

16.          Integrated
Agreement .  The PARTIES acknowledge and agree that no promises or representations were made to them which do not appear
written herein and that this AGREEMENT contains the entire agreement of the PARTIES on the subject matter thereof. The PARTIES
further acknowledge and agree that parol evidence shall not be required to interpret the intent of the PARTIES.  

17.          Waiver,
Amendment and Modification of AGREEMENT .  The PARTIES agree that no waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms
of this AGREEMENT shall be effective unless in writing and signed by all PARTIES affected by the waiver, amendment or modification.
No waiver of any term, condition or default of any term of this AGREEMENT shall be construed as a waiver of any other term, condition
or default.  

18.           Representation
by Counsel .  The PARTIES acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to be represented in negotiations for the preparation
or this AGREEMENT by counsel of their own choosing, and that they have entered into this AGREEMENT voluntarily, without coercion,
and buNod upon their own judgment and not in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the other PARTY or PARTIES
oi any attorneys, other than those contained within this AGREEMENT. The PARTIES further agree that if any of the facts   or matters upon which they now rely in making this AGREEMENT hereafter prove to be otherwise, this AGREEMENT will
nonetheless remain in Mil force and effect.  

19.          Washington
Law .  The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT and its terms shall be construed under Washington law. The PARTIES acknowledge
that this AGREEMENT is enforceable in the federal and/state courts of Washington. EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER hereby waive any pleas
of jurisdiction or venue as not being residents of King County. Washington. and hereby specifically authorize any action brought
upon the enforcement of this AGREEMENT to be commenced or filed in King County, Washington.  

20.          Agreement
to Arbitrate Claims Arising from AGREEMENT.   The PARTIES agree that if any dispute arises concerning interpretation anti/or
enforcement of the terms of this AGREEMENT, said dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted in King County, Washington
in accordance with the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect
( AAA s National Rules ). In the event that such a dispute arises, counsel for both PARTIES will attempt to jointly
select an arbitrator. If unable to do so, the procedures outlined in the AAA s National Rules shall govern. Each PARTY shall be
afforded the widest rights of discovery as permitted by Iaw (including the right to cross-examine the opposing PARTY S witnesses,
either through legal counsel, expert witnesses of both).  

21.          Drafting .
 The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT shall be construed without regard to the drafter of the same and shall be construed
as though each PARTY to this AGREEMENT participated equally in the preparation and drafting of this AGREEMENT.  

22.          Notice
of Breach/Opportunity to Cure .  Each PARTY agrees that before filing any action or initiating arbitration for breach of
this AGREEMENT such PARTY must provide the breaching PARTY with written notice of the breach in accordance with Section 15 above
and a minimum of 30 days to cure the breach if such breach is curable. The cure of a breach does not eliminate or reduce a breach
PARTY  s liable for damages.  

23.          Attorneys 
Fees .  In the event any court action or arbitration is commenced by one PARTY against the other, the prevailing PARTY is
entitled to recover its out-of-pocket and costs and reasonable attorneys  fees.  

24.          Counterparts .
 This AGREEMENT may be signed in counterparts and said counterparts shall be treated as though signed as one document.  

25.          Voluntary
Execution of Agreement .  Employee understands and agrees that he executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress
or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third PARTY, with the full intent of releasing all of his claims
against the Company. Employee acknowledges that:  

(a)          he
has read this Agreement;  

(b)          he
has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of his own choice or has
elected not to retain legal counsel;  

(c)          he
understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and  

(d)          he
is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.  

EMPLOYEE:   

Dated:
    February 8, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Jeffrey Schuett   

Jeffrey
Schuett    

EMPLOYER:   

Dated:
    February 8, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Mitch Hill   

By:
    Mitch Hill    

Its:
    Interim CEO    

-8- 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 6
 f10k2016ex10xxxvi_ominto.htm
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 25, 2016 BETWEEN THOMAS VOGL AND THE COMPANY DATED FEBRUARY 8, 2016

Exhibit
10.36   

SEPARATION
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE    

THIS
SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (hereinafter  AGREEMENT ) is made and entered into by and between Thomas Vogl (hereinafter
 EMPLOYEE ) and Ominto, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter  EMPLOYER ), and inures to the benefit of
each of EMPLOYER  s current, former and future parents, subsidiaries, related entities, employee benefit plans and their fiduciaries,
predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns. EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER are collectively
referred to as the  PARTIES  and individual as  PARTY.   

RECITALS    

A.           EMPLOYEE has been an employee of EMPLOYER and most recently served as Chief Marketing Officer ( CMO ) pursuant to an
Employment Agreement dated as of August 11, 2015 (the  Employment Agreement ) which Employment Agreement provides for
certain severance benefits to EMPLOYEE;  

B.           EMPLOYER notified EMPLOYEE on February 1, 2016 (the  Notice Date ) that he was being terminated without cause (as defined
in the Employment Agreement) and that to avoid undue disruption to EMPLOYER, his last day of employment would be February 1, 2016
(the  Termination Date );  

C.           The PARTIES desire to confirm the severance package applicable to the termination of EMPLOYEE s employment relationship
with EMPLOYER without cause, and accordingly the terms of this AGREEMENT supersede and replace any prior contractual
severance obligations including any contained in the Employment Agreement; and  

D.           EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER wish permanently to resolve any and all disputes arising out of EMPLOYEE s Employment Agreement and any
other issues arising from EMPLOYEE S employment with EMPLOYER or the cessation of that employment.  

NOW,
THEREFORE,  for and in consideration of the execution of this AGREEMENT and the mutual covenants contained in the following
paragraphs, EMPLOYER and EMPLOYEE agree as follows:  

1.             Incorporation of Recitals .  The Recitals and identification of the PARTIES to, and beneficiaries of, this AGREEMENT
are incorporated by reference as though fully set forth herein.  

2.             No Admission of Liability .  The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT, and performance of the acts required by it, does
not constitute an admission of liability, culpability, negligence or wrongdoing on the part of anyone, and will not be construed
for any purpose as an admission of liability, culpability, negligence or wrongdoing by any PARTY and/or by any PARTY s current,
former or future parents, subsidiaries, related entities, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents,
employees and assigns.  

3.            Severance
Benefits .   

( a )             Severance
Pay .  If EMPLOYEE executes this AGREEMENT and does not revoke it (as described below), and he otherwise complies with this
Agreement, EMPLOYER will pay EMPLOYEE at his regular rate of pay ($215,000 per annum), less applicable withholding and taxes,
for a period of four (4) months beginning on the Termination Date  (  Severance Pay  ),  which sums will
be payable to EMPLOYEE in accordance with EMPLOYER S normal payroll procedures beginning with the first regularly scheduled
pay period following expiration of the revocation period set forth in Section 8 below. EMPLOYEE s continued receipt of the
Severance Pay shall be contingent upon his compliance with all of the terms of this AGREEMENT. To the extent EMPLOYER learns that
EMPLOYEE is violating his obligations hereunder, EMPLOYER may withhold the Severance Pay or otherwise require reimbursement of
the Severance Pay until it secures EMPLOYEE s full and complete compliance with these obligations.  

( b )            COBRA
Benefit .  EMPLOYEE acknowledges that it is EMPLOYEE s responsibility to make a timely election to continue his own personal
participation in EMPLOYER s group health insurance plan pursuant to the terms of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act ( COBRA ). EMPLOYEE understands and agrees that he shall be fully responsible for making the necessary premium payments
in order to continue such coverage. EMPLOYER shall reimburse EMPLOYEE for EMPLOYEE s individual COBRA premium payments for EMPLOYEE
only until May 1, 2016, contingent upon EMPLOYEE s submittal of proof of payment to EMPLOYER within three (3) days of receipt
and EMPLOYEE s compliance with the terms of this AGREEMENT. This reimbursement shall be included in the next regularly schedule
severance payment through payroll following EMPLOYER s receipt of payment by the EMPLOYEE. Nothing herein shall limit the right
of EMPLOYER to change the provider and/or the terms of its health insurance plans at any time hereafter. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, if EMPLOYER determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Benefit without
potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring
an excise or penalty tax, the PARTIES agree to reform this section.  

(c)              Neutral
Reference .  EMPLOYER agrees that if it is contacted by prospective employers of EMPLOYEE, EMPLOYER will release information
concerning the dates of EMPLOYEE s employment and the last position held, and will advise prospective employers of EMPLOYEE that
EMPLOYER s company policy is to release only such information.  

(d)              As
consideration for the execution of this AGREEMENT, and with the exception of the restrictive covenants contained in the Employment
Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect as set forth in, the PARTIES mutually acknowledge and agree that any and
all other prior agreements, offer letters or contracts between the PARTIES, are declared null and void with no legal effect as
of the date of this AGREEMENT.  

4.            Wales
and Vacation Time Paid .  EMPLOYEE shall be paid his final wages  earned through the Termination Date, including all
accrued and unused vacation time, less statutory deductions and withholdings on EMPLOYER s next regularly scheduled pay day. Upon
receipt of the payments referenced herein, EMPLOYEE acknowledges that he has been paid for all salary, wages, and compensation
earned through the Termination Date and that he is not entitled to receive and shall not claim from EMPLOYER, any compensation,
payments or benefits except for those payments and benefits that are expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

5  .             General
Release .    EMPLOYEE hereby fully and forever releases, waives,
 discharges and promises not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be instituted any legal or administrative proceedings
against EMPLOYER, any of its shareholders, insurers, predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliated or related companies,
or any of their respective officers, directors, benefit plan fiduciaries, attorneys, agents, employees and former employees and
assignees thereof (collectively, the  COMPANY ), with respect to any and all liabilities, claims, demands, contracts,
debts, obligations and causes of action of any nature, kind, and description, whether in law, equity or otherwise, whether or
not now known or ascertained, which currently do or may exist, including without limitation any matter, cause or claim arising
out of or related to facts or events occurring prior to the execution of this AGREEMENT, and/or arising from and relating to EMPLOYEE s
employment with EMPLOYER, EMPLOYEE s recruitment therefor, or the termination therefrom, including, but not limited to, any claims
for unpaid wages, severance, benefits, penalties, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, infliction
of emotional distress, misrepresentation, damages, compensation, overtime compensation, monetary relief, employment, benefits,
including but not limited to any claims for benefits under any employment contract, employee benefit plan or any retirement plan,
profit sharing, capital stock, bonuses, merit and longevity increases, and all other benefits of all kind, earnings, backpay,
front pay, liquidated and other damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, damage to character, damage to reputation, emotional
distress, mental anguish, depression, injury, impairment in locating employment, financial loss, home foreclosure, pain and suffering,
being made whole, injunctive and declaratory relief, interest, attorneys fees, and costs arising from any claims under,  inter
alia,  Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, Sections 1981 and 1983 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Federal Rehabilitation Act, the Family and Medical
Leave Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Employment Retirement Income and Security Act, the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation
Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Washington Law Against Discrimination, the Washington
Family Leave Act, the Washington Minimum Wage Act and all amendments to such laws, and any other federal, state or local laws
and regulations relating to employment, conditions of employment (including wage and hour laws), compensation (including stock
options), and/or employment discrimination, and torts of all kind, including but not limited to misrepresentation, negligent or
otherwise, fraud, spoliation, defamation, libel, battery, assault, slander, intentional infliction of emotional distress, workers 
compensation, workers  compensation retaliation, interference with an advantageous business relationship, negligent hiring, negligent
retention, discrimination, claims or rights under state and federal whistle-blower legislation. 

EMPLOYEE
understands that, by releasing all of his legally waivable claims, known or unknown, against the Company, he is releasing all
of his rights to bring any claims against any of them based on any actions, decisions or events occurring through the date of
EMPLOYEE signs this AGREEMENT including the terms and conditions of his employment and the termination of his employment.  

NOTHING
IN THIS RELEASE SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO PROHIBIT EMPLOYEE FROM CONTACTING, FILING A CHARGE OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY PROCEEDING OR
INVESTIGATION BY THE U.S. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION ( EEOC ), DEPARTMENT OF LABOR ( DOL ), NATIONAL
LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ( NLRB ), OR COMPARABLE STATE OR LOCAL ENTITY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EMPLOYEE AGREES
TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO RECOVER MONETARY DAMAGES IN ANY CHARGE, COMPLAINT, OR LAWSUIT FILED BY HIM OR ON HIS BEHALF.   

6.             Acknowledgement of Consideration .  The PARTIES hereto each acknowledge and agree that the Severance Benefits (Section
3 above) and Release (Section 5 above), and mutual covenants and promises that are set forth in this Agreement are being exchanged
for each of the PAR HES executing this Agreement, and that, but for the agreements made hereunder, they have no entitlement to
the consideration exchanged pursuant to this Agreement  

7.             Notice Concerning Release of Claims Under    the  Age Discrimination in Employment Act.   As part of this Agreement,
EMPLOYEE expressly agrees to the release of any rights or claims arising out of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA, 
29 U.S.C.   621, et seq.). In accordance with the Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act of 1990, EMPLOYEE is hereby advised
of the following with respect to his release of any claims under the ADEA: (1) EMPLOYEE is hereby advised that he has the right
to consult with an attorney before signing this AGREEMENT, and that to the extent, if any, that EMPLOYEE has desired, he has done
so; (2) he has 21 days from the date of receipt of this Agreement in which to review and consider this AGREEMENT and his release
of any ADEA claim, and that he may use as much of this 21 day period as he wishes prior to signing; and (3) EMPLOYEE may revoke
this AGREEMENT at any time during the 7 days following his execution of this AGREEMENT, and the AGREEMENT shall not become effective
or enforceable with respect to the claims under the ADEA until the revocation period has expired. EMPLOYEE understands that any
revocation of this Agreement must be made in writing and delivered to EMPLOYER to the address set forth in Section 15 below within
the seven (7) day period. This AGREEMENT will become effective as to any ADEA claim 8 days after it is signed by EMPLOYEE and
EMPLOYER, and in the event the PARTIES do not sign on the same date, then this AGREEMENT shall become effective as to any ADEA
claim 8 days after the date it is signed by EMPLOYEE ( Effective Date ). This AGREEMENT does not constitute a waiver
of any claim under the ADEA that may arise after the date this AGREEMENT is executed by EMPLOYEE.  

8.             Severability of Release Provisions .  EMPLOYEE agrees that if any provision of the release given by him under this AGREEMENT
is found to be unenforceable, it will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions and the courts may enforce all
remaining provisions to the extent permitted by law.  

9.             Non-Disparagement .
 EMPLOYEE promises and agrees that he will not, except as required by law, engage in any conduct or make any statement which
is in any way critical of, disparaging to, or otherwise derogatory about EMPLOYER (and as applicable, EMPLOYER s management,
Board of Directors and/or employees) whether to press, investment community, stockholders, business associates, social media or
otherwise. Nothing in this Paragraph or in any other provision of this Agreement shall, or is intended to, limit any other rights
or remedies the PARTIES may have by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, including, without limitation filing an action against
a PARTY for breach of this Agreement  

10.           Confidentiality of AGREEMENT .  EMPLOYEE promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose
to others and will keep confidential both the fact of and the terms of this AGREEMENT, including the amounts referred to in this
AGREEMENT, except that he may disclose this information to his spouse and to his attorneys, accountants and other professional
advisors to whom the disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purposes for which EMPLOYEE has consulted such professional advisors.
EMPLOYEE expressly promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to any present or former
employees of EMPLOYER the fact or the terms of this AGREEMENT. If EMPLOYEE is required to disclose this Agreement, its terms or
underlying facts pursuant to court order and/or subpoena, EMPLOYEE shall provide written notice to EMPLOYER in accordance with
the requirements set forth in Section 15 below. EMPLOYEE acknowledges that EMPLOYER has securities registered with the SEC and
has certain reporting requirements that may require EMPLOYER to summarize the terms of this AGREEMENT or file a copy of this AGREEMENT
with the SEC. The terms of this provision will no longer apply to EMPLOYEE at such time as EMPLOYER files a copy of this AGREEMENT
with the SEC.  

11.           Restrictive
Covenants .  The PARTIES expressly incorporate and adopt herein the terms and obligations of the restrictive covenant and
the remedies for breach thereof contained in Sections 5-8 of the Employment Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference
and which remedies the PARTIES agree shall be applicable to breach of restrictive covenants in paragraphs 9, 12, 13 and 14 of
the AGREEMENT.  

12.           Confidentiality of EMPLOYER s Confidential Information .  EMPLOYEE acknowledges that due to the position he has occupied
and the responsibilities he has had at EMPLOYER, he has received confidential information concerning EMPLOYER s products, procedures,
customers, sales, prices, contracts, and the like. EMPLOYEE hereby promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process,
he will not disclose to others and will keep confidential all information he has received while employed by EMPLOYER concerning
EMPLOYER s products and procedures, the identities of EMPLOYER s customers, EMPLOYER s sales, EMPLOYER s prices, the terms of
any of EMPLOYER s contracts with third PARTIES, and the like. EMPLOYEE agrees that a violation by him of the foregoing obligation
to maintain the confidentiality of EMPLOYER s confidential information will constitute a material breach of this AGREEMENT. This
information includes all aspects of the EMPLOYER s business and extends to communication with existing and former employees, customers
and business contacts and prohibits EMPLOYEE from discussing the contents of this AGREEMENT or any business of the EMPLOYER In
the event that EMPLOYEE is served with a subpoena in connection with any legal matter which would require disclosure of EMPLOYER s
Confidential Information, EMPLOYEE will provide written notice to EMPLOYER as soon as practicable after receipt of subpoena notice
to EMPLOYER in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 15 below.  

13.           Return of Company Property .  EMPLOYEE agrees that, as a condition to receiving the severance benefits set forth in this
AGREEMENT, he will return all Company property in his possession, custody or control.  

14.           Non-Solicitation .  EMPLOYEE agrees that for a period of one (1) year from the Separation Date, he will not directly
or indirectly induce or solicit any person who is an employee, officer, contractor or agent of EMPLOYER to terminate his or her
employment with or engagement by EMPLOYER.  

15.           Notices .
 Notice shall be addressed to the PARTIES at the address and facsimile listed below and sent by  both  (a) email   and
  (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier for next day morning delivery, in which case notice shall be deemed delivered
one (1) business day after the facsimile has been sent and one (1) business day after deposit with such overnight courier. The
addresses below may be changed by written notice to the other each of the  PARTIES ; provided, however, that no notice of
a change of address shall be effective until actual receipt of such notice.  

16.           Integrated
Agreement .  The PARTIES acknowledge and agree that no promises or representations were made to them which do not
appear written herein and that this AGREEMENT contains the entire agreement of the PARTIES on the subject matter thereof. The
PARTIES further acknowledge and agree that parol evidence shall not be required to  interpret the intent of the
PARTIES. 

17.           Waiver, Amendment and Modification of AGREEMENT .  The PARTIES agree that no waiver, amendment or modification of any
of the terms of this AGREEMENT shall be effective unless in writing and signed by all PARTIES affected by the waiver, amendment
or modification. No waiver of any term, condition or default of any term of this AGREEMENT shall be construed as a waiver of any
other term, condition or default.  

18.           Representation
by Counsel .  The PARTIES acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to be represented in negotiations for
the preparation of this AGREEMENT by counsel of their own choosing, and that they have entered into this AGREEMENT
voluntarily,   without
coercion, and based upon their own judgment and not in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the other PARTY
or PARTIES or any attorneys, other than those contained within this AGREEMENT. The PARTIES further agree that if any of the
facts or matters upon which they now rely in making this AGREEMENT hereafter prove to be otherwise, this AGREEMENT will
nonetheless remain in full force and effect.  

19.           Washington Law .  The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT and its terms shall be construed under Washington law. The PARTIES acknowledge that this AGREEMENT is enforceable in the federal and/state courts of Washington. EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER hereby
waive any pleas of jurisdiction or venue as not being residents of King County, Washington, and hereby specifically authorize
any action brought upon the enforcement of this AGREEMENT to be commenced or filed in King County, Washington.  

20.           Agreement to Arbitrate Claims Arising from AGREEMENT .  The PARTIES agree that if any dispute arises concerning interpretation
and/or enforcement of the terms of this AGREEMENT, said dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted in King County,
Washington in accordance with the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes
then in effect ( AAA s National Rules ). In the event that such a dispute arises, counsel for both PARTIES will attempt
to jointly select an arbitrator. If unable to do so, the procedures outlined in the AAA s National Rules shall govern. Each PARTY
shall be afforded the widest rights of discovery as permitted by law (including the right to cross-examine the opposing PARTY s
witnesses, either through legal counsel, expert witnesses of both).  

21.           Drafting .  The PARTIES agree that this AGREEMENT shall be construed without regard to the drafter of the same and shall
be construed as though each PARTY to this AGREEMENT participated equally in the preparation and drafting of this AGREEMENT.  

22.           Notice of Breach/Opportunity to Cure .  Each PARTY agrees that before filing any action or initiating arbitration for
breach of this AGREEMENT such PARTY must provide the breaching PARTY with written notice of the breach in accordance with Section
15 above and a minimum of 30 days to cure the breach if such breach is curable. The cure of a breach does not eliminate or reduce
a breach PARTY s liable for damages.  

23.           Attorneys  Fees .  In the event any court action or arbitration is commenced by one PARTY against the other, the prevailing
PARTY is entitled to recover its out-of-pocket and costs and reasonable attorneys  fees.  

24.           Counterparts.
  This AGREEMENT may be signed in counterparts and said counterparts shall be treated as though signed as one document  

25.           Voluntary Execution of Agreement .  Employee understands and agrees that he executed this Agreement voluntarily, without
any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third PARTY, with the full intent of releasing all of
his claims against the Company. Employee acknowledges that:  

(a)    he
has read this Agreement;  

(b)    he
has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of his own choice or has
elected not to retain legal counsel;  

(c)    he
understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains: and  

(d)    he
is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.  

EMPLOYEE:   

Dated:
    February 8, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Thomas Vogl   

Thomas
    Vogl    

EMPLOYER:   

Dated:
    February 8, 2016  
         
      /s/
    Mitch Hill   

By:
    Mitch Hill    

Its:
    Interim CEO    

-
8 -  

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.38>
 7
 f10k2016ex10xxxviii_ominto.htm
 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.38  

PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT  

THIS
Agreement ( Agreement ) is made this 7 th  day of June 2016 (the  Effective Date ), by and between
Resources Connection LLC, doing business as Resources Global Professionals, with its principal place of business at 17101 Armstrong
Avenue, Irvine, CA 92614, for itself and on behalf of all operating entities owned by its parent, Resources Connection, Inc. (collectively
 RGP ), and Ominto, Inc., with its principal place of business located at 1515 South Federal Highway, Suite 307, Boca
Raton, FL 33432 ( Client ), for the provision of personnel to perform professional services by RGP as more fully set
forth in the annexed Statement(s) of Services.  

Any
Services, as defined below, requested subsequent to the Effective Date of this Agreement or individual amendments to the provisions
herein, will be set forth in additional Statements of Services, which will be agreed to and acknowledged, in writing, by both
parties.  

1.   
       Independent Contractor Status    

RGP
is an independent contractor of Client, and the persons provided hereunder by RGP to Client are RGP's employees, or, in certain
circumstances, independent contractors who have contracted with RGP ( Consultants ). RGP will notify Client affirmatively
in the applicable Statement of Services if such Consultant is an independent contractor.  

2.   
       Performance of Services    

RGP
will provide Client with Consultants to perform professional services on a project or engagement basis
( Services ). A Statement of Services will summarize the scope of the engagement and any special services
provisions. Client is responsible for defining the scope and nature of the Services, providing overall direction to the
Consultants, and managing the projects and engagements under this Agreement. As such, Client agrees to permit the Consultants
to take all statutorily required meal and other break periods as well as to provide a safe working environment and reasonable
working space and materials to the Consultants which may be necessary in connection with the performance of Services
hereunder. Except as otherwise agreed in a Statement of Services, Consultants will not have the authority to act as
an officer or director of Client or to represent or obligate Client in any manner. The Services will not (i) constitute an
engagement to provide independent audit or attestation services; (ii) result in the issuance of any written or oral opinions
or other communications by RGP or its Consultants to Client or any third party expressing a conclusion or any form of
assurance with respect to financial data or internal controls; or (iii) result in the issuance of any written or oral
communications by RGP or its Consultants to Client or any third party expressing a conclusion of law or any form of legal
opinion.  

3.   
       Services Agreement    

This
is a services agreement. RGP warrants it will perform its obligations hereunder in good faith. As Client will direct and
manage the Services provided hereunder, RGP makes no additional warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise
including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quality, suitability or
otherwise with respect to any Services performed by its Consultants in connection with this Agreement, except as set forth in
Section 4 below.  

4.   
       Representations and Warranties    

RGP
further represents and warrants as follows:  

(a)         RGP will have sole responsibility to recruit, interview, qualify, select, hire or contract with, counsel, discipline, evaluate
and terminate the Consultants. RGP, at the request of Client for any reason that is not unlawful, will remove any of its Consultants
assigned to perform Services for Client. This in no way affects the right of RGP to contract with, assign and reassign its Consultants
or, in its sole discretion as employer, to hire and/or terminate the employment of its employees.  

(b)         RGP will: (i) supply only individuals legally authorized to work in the United States; (ii) complete and maintain 1-9 forms in
compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986; (iii) conduct background checks to ensure its employees have no
felony convictions that would preclude Consultant's hiring during the seven years prior to employment by RGP, nationally and by
county of residence; (iv) maintain all necessary personnel and payroll records; (v) establish and calculate wages, benefits and
other remuneration; and (vi) calculate, withhold and remit applicable taxes, Social Security and other government-mandated charges
to the appropriate governmental entity.  

(c)         Consultants have the capability, experience and means necessary to perform the Services in a diligent manner in accordance with
accepted professional practices. If such Services are not performed satisfactorily, Client will notify RGP, within ten (10) days
of Client's determination of such unsatisfactory performance, to replace the Consultant, re-perform the Services or negotiate
an appropriate credit, if any, of the fees incurred.  

(d)         RGP will comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances and orders, including
but not limited to all laws and regulations applicable to Consultants. RGP and its Consultants have in effect and will maintain
in effect all permits, licenses, and other authorizations necessary for the performance of the Services.  

(e)         RGP and its Consultants will observe Client's policies and practices as the same are disclosed, in writing, to RGP, including
without limitation, those policies and practices involving health, safety, the environment, and security, when working at or around
any of Client's facilities.  

5.   
       Mutual Indemnification    

Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 6 below, RGP and Client (each an  Indemnifying Party ) agree to indemnify
and hold harmless the other party and its affiliate, parent and subsidiary companies and including the officers, directors,
employees, and agents of all such companies, (the  Indemnified Party ) from and against any and all third party
actions, losses, damages, claims, liabilities, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable
legal and professional fees) a rising out of or relating to this Agreement and based on any negligent act or omission or
intentional misconduct of the Indemnifying Party or its agents that results in or causes: (a) bodily injury or death; (b) any
destruction of or damage to tangible property, or loss of use resulting therefrom; or (c) any violation of any statute,
ordinance or regulation, except to the extent finally determined to have resulted from the intentional misconduct or
negligence of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party's obligations hereunder are conditioned upon the Indemnified
Party providing the Indemnifying Party with: (i) prompt written notification of the claim; (ii) all reasonable information
and assistance, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, to defend or settle such a claim; and (iii) sole control of the defense
or settlement of such claim. Notwithstanding clause 5(iii) above, the Indemnified Party reserves the right to retain counsel,
at the Indemnified Party's expense, and to participate in the defense and settlement of any such claim. The provisions of
this paragraph shall survive the completion or termination of this Agreement. 

6.   
       Limitations of Liability    

Notwithstanding
any other provision hereof, neither RGP nor Client will be liable for consequential, special, indirect, incidental, punitive,
or exemplary loss, damage, cost or expense (including, without limitation, lost profits and opportunity costs). Exclusive of any
recovery under Section 21, RGP and Client understand and expressly agree that the maximum total liability of each party, its agents,
parent, affiliates, and subsidiaries, to the other for any actions, losses, damages, claims, liabilities, costs or expenses in
any way arising out of or relating to this Agreement, will not exceed the fees paid by Client to RGP hereunder for that portion
of RGP's Services or work product giving rise to the claimed liability. The provisions of this paragraph will survive the completion
or termination of this Agreement.  

7.   
       Confidentiality    

RGP
and its Consultants will preserve the confidential nature of information received from Client in accordance with Client's established
policies and practices, written copies of which will be provided to RGP and acknowledged by each Consultant performing Services
for Client. RGP has in place with each Consultant a confidentiality agreement which protects the confidentiality of Client's information.  

Client
will protect any and all information obtained by it that contains confidential, proprietary or private information about RGP or
its employees or independent contractors including, but not limited to, bill rates, background information, background screening
results, and social security numbers, regardless of whether such private information was obtained through RGP or through Client's
own means.  

RGP
and Client agree that the most secure method of performing Services for Client is to access and work with Client's confidential
information exclusively from Client's own secure information technology environment. RGP and Consultants are responsible for complying
with Client's data security protocols. Should Client wish to authorize remote access to its systems, Client will provide RGP with
express written authorization to do so and Client will be responsible for providing all necessary and appropriate security safeguards.  

Except
as may be otherwise provided by Client's written policies or required by law, the obligations of confidentiality will not apply
to information which (i) is or becomes publicly available by means other than a breach hereof (including, without limitation,
any information filed with any governmental agency and available to the public); (ii) is known to, or rightfully in the possession
of, the recipient at the time of disclosure without breach or violation of any confidentiality agreement; (iii) thereafter becomes
known to or comes into the possession of the recipient from a third party the recipient reasonably believes is not under any obligation
of confidentiality to the disclosing party and is lawfully in the possession of such information; (iv) is developed by the recipient
independently of any disclosures previously made by the disclosing party to the recipient; or (v) is required to be disclosed
by order, or the process, of a court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or governmental body, or by subpoena, summons
or other legal process, provided that prior to such disclosure by the recipient the disclosing party is given reasonable advance
notice of such order or legal process and an opportunity to object to such disclosure.  

RGP
may retain archival copies of Confidential Information after the conclusion of any Services for the purposes of complying with
the law, regulation or internal practices or compliance policies or for the dispute resolution purposes. RGP shall remain subject
to the confidentiality obligations and use restrictions set forth herein.  

8.   
       Payment for Services    

Fees
for the Services provided hereunder are based on the billing rates set forth in the applicable Statement of Services. Client
will reimburse RGP for actual expenses incurred by Consultants in connection with the performance of Services which are
consistent with Client's expense policy, a copy of which will be provided by Client concurrent with its execution of this
Agreement, and documented with itemized receipts. Any travel by Consultant must be pre-approved by Client. Fees and
applicable expenses will be billed weekly, payable upon receipt of RGP's invoices. Should Client dispute the amount of any
fees or expenses, resolution of the dispute will not delay payment of the remainder of such invoice. If the Statement of
Services provides for Client to pay a retainer prior to the commencement of Services, fees will not be billed against the
retainer. RGP reserves the right to collect interest or other penalty from Client for promptly submitted invoices or, in the
event of a dispute, for the undisputed portion thereof, upon which payment is not received within thirty (30) days of
Client's receipt of such invoice. Specifically, RGP will be entitled to a late charge of the lesser of (i) 11/2% per month or
(ii) the highest rate allowable by law, in each case compounded monthly to the extent allowable by law. RGP further reserves
the right to withdraw all Consultants provided to Client and to cease performing Services hereunder if any invoice is not
promptly paid when due.  

If
the Services requested are to be performed and/or invoiced outside the United States, the applicable Statement of Services will
set forth alternative billing, payment and tax provisions.  

9.   
       Taxes on the Purchase of Services    

Client
will reimburse RGP, pay directly to the appropriate tax authority, or timely file a valid tax exemption certificate for all
sales or use taxes legally imposed upon the transactions arising hereunder. All taxes due by Client become due when billed by
RGP t o Client, or when assessed, levied or billed by the appropriate taxing authority, even though such billing occurs
subsequent to expiration of this Agreement. 

10.   
       Assignment and Delegation    

Neither
party will assign or delegate this Agreement or any rights, duties or obligations hereunder without the express written
consent of the other except that either party may assign its rights, duties and obligations hereunder to any successor by
reason or merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of the assets, change of control or operation of law. RGP
agrees to provide services to an assignee of Client pursuant to the terms set forth herein only if such assignee provides
sufficient financial information to enable RGP to adequately evaluate the creditworthiness of such assignee and meets RGP's
other qualification standards and criteria. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the successors, legal representatives and assignees of the parties hereto.  

RGP
 is insured under the following polices and in the amounts listed below:  

Upon
request, Client will be named as an additional insured, where applicable, and a Certificate of Insurance will be provided.  

12.   
       Ownership and Intellectual Property Rights    

All
work product of any kind that Consultants may make, conceive, develop or reduce to practice, alone or jointly with others,
in connection with performing Services or that result from or that are related to such Services, whether or not they are
eligible for patent, copyright, mask work, trade secret, trademark or other legal protection ( Work Product ) will
be works made for hire owned exclusively by Client except that RGP shall retain all right, title and interest in any
methodologies, analyses and other material developed by RGP or any Consultant which relates to RGP's business and does not
contain and is not derived from Client's confidential information ( RGP Material ). RGP hereby agrees to
irrevocably transfer and assign to Client all right, title and interest in and to the Services and any Work Product,
including all intellectual property or proprietary rights therein, but excluding any RGP Materials. At Client's request and
expense, during and after the term of this Agreement, RGP will assist and cooperate with Client in all respects and will
execute documents, and, subject to the reasonable availability of RGP and Consultants, give testimony and take such further
acts reasonably requested by Client to enable Client to acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce its intellectual
property rights and other legal protections for the Work Product.  

13.   
       Record Retention, Audits and Inspections    

RGP
will make all accounting, operational and business records, which are in RGP's possession or under its control and which are necessary
to verify the basis for all charges billed to Client hereunder, available for Client's examination upon at least five (5) business
days prior written notice, during RGP's regular business hours, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3)
years after its completion or termination.  

Client,
for itself and on behalf of its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, agrees that if it hires or contracts for services with, either
directly or through a third party, any Consultant provided hereunder during such Consultant's engagement with Client or within
six months thereafter, Client will pay RGP a fee equal to 20% of such person's annualized salary or contracted fee paid by Client,
whichever is applicable. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the completion or termination of this Agreement.  

15.   
       Non-Exclusive Rights    

Nothing
in this Agreement will preclude or limit either party from independently acquiring or developing competitive products or services
for itself or its clients or customers, or from providing competitive products or services to its clients or customers, so long
as such party does not breach the obligations it has assumed hereunder, including the confidentiality obligations, or otherwise
violate the rights of the other party.  

16.   
       Termination of the Agreement    

This
Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other party; provided, however,
the Confidentiality; Employment Fee; Record Retention, Audit and Inspection; Mutual Indemnification; Limitations of Liability;
and Taxes on the Purchase of Services provisions will survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement.   

By accepting the Services of Consultants hereunder, Client is deemed to have consented to the material terms
set forth herein.  

The
terms of this Agreement may be modified only by a writing signed by both parties.  

Any
notice required to be given hereunder will be delivered personally or sent by telecopy, overnight courier or first class mail,
postage prepaid, to the following address (or to the address listed above if none is provided here):  

No
waiver of or failure to enforce any term of this Agreement or Statement of Services will affect or limit a party's right thereafter
to enforce and compel strict compliance with every term thereof.  

21.   
       Attorneys' Fees and Costs    

With
respect to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the writings incorporated by reference herein,
or the breach hereof or thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred
in connection with any action or proceeding related to such dispute.  

The
headings herein are for the purposes of convenience and ready reference only and will not be deemed to expand or limit the particular
sections to which they pertain.  

In
the event any part of this Agreement is judged invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect
the remaining provisions hereof.  

This
Agreement and the Statement(s) of Services attached hereto represent the entire understanding between the parties. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Statement of Services, the terms of the governing Statement of Services
will control.  

The
validity, construction, enforcement, and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State
of Delaware.  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto do hereby execute this Agreement as of the Effective Date.  

Resources Global Professionals   
         
       Ominto, Inc.    

By:   
      /s/
    James Giustini  
         
       By:   
      /s/
    Mitch Hill  

Name:  
      James Giustini  
         
      Name:  
      Mitch Hill  

Title:  
      Managing Director  
         
      Title:  
      Executive Board Member, Ominto  

Date:  
      June
    6 2016  
         
      Date:  
      6/7/16  

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.43>
 8
 f10k2016ex10xliii_omintoinc.htm
 SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 13, 2016

Exhibit 10.43  

EXECUTION VERSION  

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT   

THIS
SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into this 13th day of December, 2016 (the   Agreement
Date  ), by and between Ominto, Inc. (  Ominto  ); and Quant Systems, Inc. (  Quant  ).
Ominto and Quant are sometimes referred to individually as a   Party   and collectively as the   Parties  .  

RECITALS   

WHEREAS,
 Quant desires to acquire eight hundred three thousand five hundred seventy-one (803,571) shares of Ominto s common stock
at a value of $3.50/share (the   Ominto Shares  ) in exchange for the Consideration, as defined below; and  

WHEREAS,
 Ominto desires to sell Ominto Shares to Quant in accordance with the terms set forth in this Agreement.  

AGREEMENT   

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:  

1.    
      PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF SHARES   

1.1         Sale
of Ominto Shares . Upon the receipt by Ominto of the Consideration  on the Closing Date, as defined below,
Ominto hereby sells, grants, and assigns to Quant, and Quant purchases and accepts from Ominto, free and clear of all
Encumbrances, as defined below, and subject to the terms of this Agreement, all of Ominto s right, title and interest
in and to Ominto Shares. 

1.2        For
purposes of this Agreement,   Encumbrance   means any lien, pledge,  hypothecation, charge, security
interest, encumbrance, equity, trust, equitable interest, claim, preference, right of possession, lease, license,
encroachment, covenant, infringement, interference, order, proxy, option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community
property interest, legend, defect, impediment, exception, reservation, limitation, impairment, imperfection of title,
condition, or restriction of any nature. 

1.3        The
  Closing Date   shall be the date mutually agreed to by the Parties  after the Closing Conditions set
forth in Section 6 are satisfied. On the Closing Date, the Consideration shall be delivered to Ominto and Ominto Shares shall
be transferred to Quant. 

2.    
      CONSIDERATION   

2.1         Consideration .
In consideration of the sale and assignment by Ominto of  Ominto Shares, Quant hereby agrees to issue and/or transfer to
Ominto on the Closing Date, free and clear of all Encumbrances, all right, title, and interest in and to shares of Quant s
common stock (the   Quant Shares   or the   Consideration  ) with an aggregate  value
of two million eight hundred twelve thousand four hundred ninety-nine dollars ($2,812,499) which will represent, on a fully-diluted
basis, 18.75% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Quant.  

EXECUTION
VERSION  

3.    
      REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF OMINTO   

Ominto
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Quant as of the Agreement Date and the Closing Date (other than representations
and warranties that are made as of a specific date, which representations and warranties shall have been true and correct as of
such date), which representations and warranties are made for the express purpose of inducing Quant to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  

3.1         Organization,
Good Standing and Authority . Ominto is a corporation  duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of Nevada, and has authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Ominto enforceable in accordance with its terms. Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation by Ominto of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by Ominto
with any of the provisions hereof, will (i) constitute a violation of or default under, any contract, instrument, commitment,
agreement, understanding, arrangement, or restriction of any kind to which Ominto is a party, or by which Ominto or the
Ominto Shares may be bound, or (ii) violate any rule, regulation, law, statute, ordinance, judgment, order, writ, injunction,
or decree of any court, administrative agency, or governmental body applicable to Ominto or the Ominto Shares. The
transactions contemplated hereby have been approved by Ominto s Board of Directors. 

3.2         No
Broker . Ominto represents that it has not engaged any broker or  finder in connection with this transaction. Ominto
will indemnify and hold harmless Quant for any cost or expense including, but not limited to, court costs and reasonable
attorneys  fees incurred by Quant as a result of a claim by any broker or finder based upon dealings by Ominto with
such broker or finder. 

3.3         Disclosure . No
representation or warranty made by Ominto in this  Agreement or in any document furnished in connection herewith
contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein
or therein not misleading. 

3.4         Capitalization . The
authorized capital stock of Ominto consists of (i)  200,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 13,935,315 shares are
validly issued and outstanding, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 185,000 shares are validly issued and
outstanding. All of such issued and outstanding shares were validly issued in compliance with applicable law, are fully
paid and non assessable. There is no existing option, warrant, call, commitment or other agreement to which Ominto is a party
requiring, and there are no convertible securities of Ominto outstanding which upon conversion would require, the issuance of
any additional shares of capital stock of Ominto or other securities convertible into shares of capital stock of Ominto. 

EXECUTION VERSION  

3.5         Financial
Statements . During the period commencing on the date of the most-recently filed financial statements and ending on the
Closing Date, (a) there have been no material adverse changes in Ominto s financial statements or in the financial
condition or prospects of Ominto; and (b) Ominto has conducted its business in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices.  

3.6         Taxes . Ominto
has timely and appropriately filed all tax returns as  required to be filed. All tax returns filed by Ominto are true,
correct and complete in all respects. All taxes owed (or required to be remitted) by Ominto (whether or not shown or
required to be shown on any tax return) have been timely paid. No claim has been made by any governmental body in a
jurisdiction where Ominto does not file tax returns that Ominto is or may be subject to the payment, collection or remittance
of any tax of that jurisdiction or is otherwise subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Encumbrances of any
kind on any of the assets of Ominto in connection with, or otherwise related to, any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any
tax. 

3.7         Litigation;
No Violation . There is no legal or administrative proceeding  pending, threatened or anticipated against Ominto.
Ominto has no knowledge of any event that has occurred or circumstance that exists that would reasonably be expected to give
rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any legal or administrative proceeding. Ominto is not in violation of any
applicable laws including, without limitation, labor, employment, and environmental laws, or in breach or default of any
agreement, document, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Ominto which could reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse effect on Ominto. 

4.    
      REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF QUANT   

Quant
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Ominto as of the Agreement Date and the Closing Date (other than
representations and warranties that are made as of a specific date, which representations and warranties shall have been true
and correct as of such date), which representations and warranties are made for the express purpose of inducing Ominto to enter
into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  

4.1         Organization,
Good Standing, and Authority . Quant is a corporation duly  organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of Texas and has authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Quant enforceable in accordance with its terms. The transactions contemplated
hereby have been approved by Quant s Board of Directors. 

4.2         No
Breach . The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Quant on  the Closing Date is not an event which, of itself
or with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, could constitute a violation of or conflict with or result in
any breach of, or default under the terms, conditions, or provisions of any judgment, law, or regulation, or Quant s
charter documents, or any agreement or instrument to which Quant is a party or by which it is bound. 

EXECUTION VERSION  

4.3         No
Broker . Quant represents that it has not engaged any broker or finder  in connection with this transaction. Quant
will indemnify and hold harmless Ominto for any cost or expense including, but not limited to, court costs and reasonable
attorneys  fees incurred by Ominto as a result of a claim by any broker or finder based upon dealings by Quant with
such broker or finder. 

4.4         Disclosure . No
representation or warranty made by Quant in this  Agreement or in any document furnished in connection herewith
contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein
or therein not misleading. 

4.5         Capitalization . The
authorized capital stock of Quant consists of  10,000,000 shares of common stock, of which one hundred (100) shares are
validly issued and outstanding. All of such issued and outstanding shares were validly issued in compliance with
applicable law, are fully paid and non assessable. There is no existing option, warrant, call, commitment or other agreement
to which Quant is a party requiring, and there are no convertible securities of Quant outstanding which upon conversion would
require, the issuance of any additional shares of capital stock of Quant or other securities convertible into shares of
capital stock of Quant. 

4.6         Title
to Shares . Quant, on the Closing Date, shall have (A) good and  valid title to the Quant Shares, free and clear of
all Encumbrances, and (B) the right to sell, assign, and transfer the Quant Shares (with all voting rights) to Ominto, free
and clear of any restrictions on such transfer. 

4.7         Financial
Statements . Quant has delivered to Ominto true and correct  copies of the most-recently prepared balance sheet and
income statement of Quant and (ii) compiled financial statements of Quant for the prior three fiscal years (collectively, the
  Financial Statements  ). The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, and present fairly the financial condition of Quant as of and for
their respective dates. Quant does not have any liabilities which are not reflected on the Financial Statements.
Quant s books and records (including all financial records, business records, customer lists, and records pertaining to
products or services delivered to customers) (i) are complete and correct in all material respects and all transactions to
which Quant is or has been a party are accurately reflected therein in all material respects, (ii) reflect all discounts,
returns and allowances granted by Quant with respect to the periods covered thereby, (iii) form the basis for the Financial
Statements and (iv) reflect in all material respects the assets, liabilities, financial position, and results of operations
of Quant. All computer-generated reports and other computer output included in such Quant s books and records are
complete and correct in all material respects and were prepared in accordance with sound business practices based upon
authentic data. Quant s management information systems are adequate for the preservation of relevant information and
the preparation of accurate reports. During the period commencing on the date of the most-recent Financial Statement and
ending on the Closing Date, (a) there have been no material adverse changes in the Financial Statements or in the
financial condition or prospects of Quant; and (b) Quant has conducted its business in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices. 

EXECUTION VERSION  

4.8         Taxes . Quant
has timely and appropriately filed all tax returns as required  to be filed. All tax returns filed by Quant are true,
correct and complete in all respects. All taxes owed (or required to be remitted) by Quant (whether or not shown or
required to be shown on any tax return) have been timely paid. No claim has been made by any governmental body in a
jurisdiction where Quant does not file tax returns that such Quant is or may be subject to the payment, collection or
remittance of any tax of that jurisdiction or is otherwise subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no
Encumbrances of any kind on any of the assets of Quant in connection with, or otherwise related to, any failure (or alleged
failure) to pay any tax. 

4.9         Litigation;
No Violation . There is no legal or administrative proceeding  pending, threatened or anticipated against Quant.
Quant has no knowledge of any event that has occurred or circumstance that exists that would reasonably be expected to give
rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any legal or administrative proceeding. Quant is not in violation of any
applicable laws including, without limitation, labor, employment, and environmental laws, or in breach or default of any
agreement, document, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Quant which could reasonably be expected to result in
a material adverse effect on Quant. 

4.10       Negative Covenants . After the closing of the transactions contemplated herein, for so long as Ominto is a holder of any
shares of Quant, without the prior written consent of Ominto, Quant shall neither:  

(a)       incur any secured or unsecured indebtedness except in the ordinary course of business; nor  

(b)       issue any additional shares, any options to issue shares, or any other instruments convertible into shares of Quant.  

5.    
      CONFIDENTIALITY   

5.1        The
Parties agree that, in connection with this Agreement, the Parties have  disclosed and intend to further disclose to
each other information that is considered confidential and proprietary or otherwise not generally available to the public. In
order to protect their proprietary, confidential, and otherwise non-public information, the Parties agree to the following
provisions with respect to confidentiality of information. 

5.2        As
used in this Section 5.2,   Confidential Information   means all  nonpublic information previously
disclosed or that will be disclosed by one party, its affiliates or its or their respective agents (the   Disclosing
Party  ) to the other party, its affiliates, or its agents (the   Receiving Party  ) that is
designated as confidential or that, given the nature of the information or the circumstances surrounding its disclosure,
reasonably should be considered as confidential. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, whether or not
designated as confidential: (i) nonpublic information relating to the Disclosing Party s technology, customers,
distributors, business plans, promotional and marketing activities, finances, and other business affairs, and (ii)
third-party information that the Disclosing Party is obligated to keep confidential. Confidential  Information
does not include any information that (w) is or becomes publicly available without breach of this Section 5, (x) can be shown
by documentation to have been known to the Receiving Party at the time of its receipt from the Disclosing Party without
obligation of confidentiality, (y) is received from a third party who, to the knowledge of the Receiving Party, did not
acquire or disclose such information by a wrongful or tortious act, or (z) can be shown by documentation to have been
independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to any Confidential Information.  

EXECUTION
VERSION  

5.3        The
Receiving Party may use Confidential Information of the Disclosing  Party only in connection with this Agreement.
Except as expressly provided in this Section, the Receiving Party may not disclose Confidential Information to anyone without
the Disclosing Party s prior written consent. The Receiving Party will take all reasonable measures to avoid
unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, or use of Confidential Information; and, in any event, such measures will not be less
that the Receiving Party currently employs, if any, to protect its own confidential information from unauthorized disclosure,
dissemination, or use. The Receiving Party will restrict the possession, knowledge and use of Confidential Information to its
representatives who have a need to know Confidential Information in connection with this Agreement. Receiving Party must
inform all representatives of the confidential nature of the information, and all representatives must expressly agree to
treat the information as confidential in accordance with this Section 5. The Receiving Party is fully responsible for any
breach of this Section 5 by its representatives. 

5.4        The
Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information as required to  comply with binding orders of governmental
entities that have jurisdiction over it, provided that the Receiving Party (i) gives the Disclosing Party reasonable notice
(to the extent permitted by law) to allow the Disclosing Party to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy, (ii)
discloses only such information as is required by the governmental entity, and (iii) uses commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain confidential treatment for any Confidential Information so disclosed. 

5.5        The
Receiving Party acknowledges that disclosure or use of Confidential  Information in violation of this Section 5 could
cause irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party for which monetary damages may be difficult to ascertain or an inadequate
remedy. The Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party has the right, in addition to its other rights and remedies
under this Agreement, to seek injunctive relief for any threatened or actual violation of this Section 5, without any
requirement to post bond or provide similar security. 

6.    
      CONDITIONS
TO CLOSING   

6.1         Conditions to Closing . Each Party s obligation to consummate the transactions set forth herein will be subject to
satisfaction or waiver by the appropriate Party of the following condition on or before the Closing Date, such satisfaction or
waiver being evidenced by the closing of the transactions contemplated herein:  

(a)       The representations and warranties of each Party shall be true and correct as of the Agreement Date and as of the Closing
Date as if made on the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that are made as of a specific date, which
representations and warranties shall have been true and correct as of such date).  

EXECUTION
VERSION   

7.    
      RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES   

7.1        Ominto
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase up to four  hundred one thousand seven hundred eighty-five
(401,785) of the Ominto Shares (the   Offer Shares  ) from Quant as set forth below in one or more
transactions. 

7.2        Ominto
shall have the right commencing on the Closing Date and  continuing for twelve (12) months thereafter to purchase the
Offer Shares from Quant at a purchase price of five dollars ($5) per share. 

7.3        Ominto
shall notify Quant of its intent to exercise its option in writing  stating the number of shares it desires to purchase
and the purchase price for such shares. 

7.4        The
closing for each such purchase shall occur within ten (10) business  days after such notice is delivered. 

7.5        The purchase agreement for any such purchase shall include representations and warranties standard for a transaction of this type
including, but not limited to, warranties related to authority, ownership, and the ability to convey title to the purchased shares.  

8.    
      OTHER PROVISIONS   

8.1         Governing
Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted  according to the laws of the State of Florida without
reference to its conflicts of law principles and Quant and Ominto consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state
and federal courts located in and for Palm Beach County, Florida. The Parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such
courts and irrevocably waive any objections thereto, including without limitation, on the basis of improper venue or  forum
non conveniens . 

8.2         Waiver . Any
Party may, at its option, waive only by written notice, any  and all of the conditions to which its obligations
under this Agreement are subject. No delay on the part of any Party in the exercise of any right or remedy will operate as a
waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy will preclude other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right or remedy. All remedies provided herein or otherwise available (including at law or in
equity) will be cumulative. The waiver or non-enforcement of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach. No waiver will be legally operative unless in writing and signed by the
Party to be bound. 

8.3         Attorneys 
Fees . In any suit or action brought to enforce this Agreement,  the exhibits or schedules attached hereto or any
other signed instrument referred to herein, or to obtain an adjudication, declaratory or otherwise, of rights hereunder or
thereunder, the losing Party will pay to the prevailing Party reasonable attorneys  fees  and
all other costs and expenses which may be incurred by the prevailing Party in such action. In the event that both Parties
prevail, in part, the court will have the discretion to award fees and costs as it deems equitable.  

EXECUTION
VERSION  

8.4         Amendment and Modifications . The Parties may amend, modify or supplement this Agreement in such manner as may be agreed
upon but only by a written instrument dated subsequent to the date of this Agreement and signed by the Parties.  

8.5         Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  among the undersigned and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral and written, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including but
not limited to that certain Summary of Non-Binding Terms between the Parties dated May 31, 2016 and that certain Share
Exchange Agreement dated September 14, 2016. In case of a conflict between a provision of this Agreement and a provision of
an exhibit or schedule included herein, the provision of this Agreement will control. The Recitals and all exhibits and
schedules to this Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. 

8.6         Expenses . Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Parties  will pay their respective expenses incurred in connection with
the preparation, execution, and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

8.7         Survival . All
representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements  made by the Parties in the Agreement will survive the
execution and closing of the transactions contemplated hereby. All provisions which by their nature are meant to survive
closing shall survive closing for the applicable statute of limitations. 

8.8         Notices,
Etc . All notices, requests, consents, approvals, or authorizations  in connection with this Agreement: (a) must be
given in writing; and (b) will be deemed given as of (i) the day they are delivered on paper by a globally recognized express
delivery service (such as FedEx Express, DHL, or UPS), addressed as set forth below, or (ii) if delivery is unsuccessful, the
first date such delivery is attempted or refused: 

EXECUTION VERSION   

Such
addresses may be changed, from time to time, by means of a written notice delivered by the Party seeking to change such address
in the manner provided for in this Section 8.8.  

8.9         Service
of Process . Each Party which does not have an address in the  United States shall appoint an agent for service of
process in the United States and shall provide to the other Party the name and address of such agent upon execution of this
Agreement. 

8.10.      Assignment . This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.  

8.11       Invalidity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or the application of such term
or provision to any person or circumstance will not impair or affect the remainder of this Agreement or its application to other
persons and circumstances, and the remaining terms and provisions will remain in full force and effect, so long as the economic
or legal substance of the transactions provided for in this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the Parties
further agree to use good faith efforts to replace such void and unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the original intent of the Parties in order that the transactions provided
for in this Agreement are consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.  

8.12       Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which will
together constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by a Party by electronic transmission,
including fax or email, will be as effective as delivery of a manually executed copy of the Agreement by such Party.  

8.13       Indemnification . From and after the Closing Date, each Party (for purposes of this Section 8.13, the   Indemnifying
Party  ) shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party (for purposes of this Section 8.13, the   Indemnified
Party  ) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties, judgments, suits, costs and expenses
(including reasonable legal fees and disbursements, which shall be reimbursed periodically as incurred) that are suffered or incurred
by the Indemnified Party arising out of, resulting from, or relating to any of the following matters:  

(a)
the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by the Indemnifying Party in this Agreement;  

(b)
the inaccuracy of any information provided by the Indemnifying Party as part of the due diligence process; and  

(c) the failure by the Indemnifying Party to perform any covenant or agreement made by the Indemnifying Party in this Agreement.  

Signature
Page Follows   

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Agreement on the date first above written.  

QUANT
SYSTEMS INC.   

By:   
      /s/
    Srinivas Veeravelli   

Print
    Name:  
      Srinivas
    Veeravelli  

Title:  
      CEO   

OMINTO,
INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Raoul Quijada  

Print Name:  
      Raoul Quijada  

Title:  
      INTERIM CFO   

Signature
Page to Share Exchange Agreement   

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.46>
 9
 f10k2016ex10xliv_ominto.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE DATED DECEMBER 13, 2016

Exhibit 10.46  

Trolle
Advokatfirma  

  Advokatpartnerselskab  

  Vesterballevej
25  

  Snoghoj  

  7000
Fredericia  

  Advokat
Michael Duelund  

  j.nr.
13-147094-BJ  

Promissory
Note   

The Lender has in accordance with this Promissory Note (  Promissory
Note  ), agreed to provide the Borrower with a secured loan of USD 900.000 (the   Loan  ). 

The Borrower shall use all the money borrowed under this
agreement to acquire newly issued shares of common stock of Ominto, Inc., 1515 S. Federal Hwy, Suite 307, Boca Raton, FL 33432,
USA (the   Shares  ) in accordance with that certain stock purchase agreement between Borrower and Lender dated
of even date herewith. The issue price of the shares is USD 4 per share. 

The Borrower shall pay interest on the loan at the rate
of 3,5% per annum (  Interest Rate  ). Interest shall accrue monthly and shall be payable February 14, 2017.
If the Borrower fails to make any payment due under this Promissory Note, the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum from
the date of nonpayment to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment). 

The Borrower shall repay the Loan in full plus any interests
due calculated in accordance with this Promissory Note on February 14, 2017. The Borrower can at any time before February 14, 2017
repay the loan plus any interest due at the time of repayment. 

As security for the Loan and the Borrower's obligations
under this Promissory Note, the Borrower shall secure the execution and delivery of a personal guaranty (In Danish  Selvskyldnerkaution )
of the Obligations by Peter Villads Vest Hansen (the   Guarantor )  substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the   Guaranty  ). 

As further security for the Loan and
the Borrower's obligations in accordance with this Promissory Note, the Borrower shall secure a pledge by the Guarantor to the
Lender of the mortgage deed (value DKK 6.000.000) secured on the property matr.. Nr.. 5 n Hillestrup bty, Idestrup, located Hel-lersvej
1, 5872 Idestrup, DK (the   Mortgage Deed  ) and upon execution of this Promissory Note, Borrower will ensure
that Guarantor will electronically confirm the pledge using his  NEM ID  on https://www.tinglysning.dk/, enabling
the registration of the pledge on the Mortgage Deed. 

In cases of breach of the Promissory Note by the Borrower,
the Lender can immediately and without further action or judgment or notice to the Borrower demand payment in full of the Loan
and all interest accrued thereon. 

This Promissory Note is enforceable in accordance with the
Danish Code of Civil Procedure article 478, section 1, no. 5. 

If the Borrower fails to comply with this Promissory Note,
the Lender is entitled to, in addition to demanding that the Loan and accrued interest and costs be paid in full immediately and
without further action or judgment or notice to the Borrower: 

1.  
      Exercise Lender's rights under the Guaranty; and/or   

2.  
      Demand that the property in which the Mortgage Deed is registered be sold at a public auction, collect the proceeds, use the proceeds to reduce the amount due under this Promissory Note, and claim any remaining amount be paid by the Guarantor.   

The parties are aware that the debt becomes obsolete 10 years
after the Promissory Note is issued, but also that the limitation period is interrupted if the Borrower acknowledges the Promissory
Note to the Lender or the Lender has previously made legal steps to collect the debt. 

This Promissory Note and any dispute or claim (including
non contractual disputes and claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the Danish Laws. 

The Parties agree that the Courts of Denmark shall have exclusive
jurisdiction over any dispute or claim that arises out of, or in connection with this Promissory Note. 

This Promissory Note is signed in an original version that
is being kept by the Lender and a copy that is being kept by the Borrower. 

13-12-2016  

idestrup, 

BROROWER  
       
      LENDER   
 
     Business Across ApS 
       
     Ominto, Inc.  

/s/ Peder Villads Vest-Hansen 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Michael Hansen  
 
     Peder Villads Vest-Hansen 

Managing Dirrector 
       
     Name: 
     Michael Hansen  

Title: 
     CEO  

Exhibit A 
Guaranty 

Page 3 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 f10k2016ex31i_omintoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Michael Hansen, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ominto, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
     
         designed such disclosure controls
        and procedures, or have caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed 
         under our supervision, to
        ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, 
         is made known to us by others
        within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
         designed such internal controls
        over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed 
         under our supervision, to
        provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
         consolidated financial statements
        for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
         evaluated the effectiveness
        of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our 
         conclusions about the effectiveness
        of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on 
         such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
         disclosed in this report any
        change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s 
         most recent fiscal quarter
        (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is 
         reasonably likely to materially
        affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

DATE:  December 29, 2016  

/s/ MICHAEL HANSEN   

Michael Hansen   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 f10k2016ex31ii_omintoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Raoul Quijada, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ominto, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or have caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

DATE:  December 29, 2016  

/s/ RAOUL QUIJADA   

Raoul Quijada   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 f10k2016ex32i_omintoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  

  SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Ominto, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Hansen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

DATE:
December 29, 2016 

/s/ MICHAEL HANSEN   

Michael Hansen   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 f10k2016ex32ii_omintoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  

  SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Ominto, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Raoul Quijada, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

DATE: December 29, 2016 

/s/ RAOUL QUIJADA   

Raoul Quijada   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 15
 omnt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 omnt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 omnt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 omnt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 omnt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 omnt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

