<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1582554_0001144204-16-134200_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3304631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116996</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>230666</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>751177</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1425405</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>712546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134200.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114162315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				463011414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-193455
		FILM NUMBER:		161995087

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1545 ROUTE 206 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-443-1860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1545 ROUTE 206 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134200.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451401_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

Commission File Number: 333-193455  

MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       No. 46-3011414    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      organization)  

1545 Route 206 South, Suite 302  

  Bedminster, New Jersey 07921  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)  

908-443-1860  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     x  
 No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  
  x    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company    x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
       No  
  x  

As of November 11, 2016, 58,048,412 shares of common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share, were outstanding. 

MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FORM 10-Q 

 Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

PART - I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      -   

Item 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      1   

Item 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      19   

Item 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      31   

Item 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      31   

PART - II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      32   

Item 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      32   

Item 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      32   

Item 3.  
       DEFAULTS UNDER SENIOR SECURITIES   
      32   

Item 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      32   

Item 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      33   

Item 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      33   

i  

Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flow  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. 

 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 (Tabular dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share data) 

NOTE A   Nature of Business  

[1]  
      Corporate History   

Matinas BioPharma Holdings
Inc. ( Holdings ) is a Delaware corporation formed in 2013. Holdings is the parent company of Matinas BioPharma,
Inc. ( BioPharma ) and Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. ( Nanotechnologies,  formerly known
as Aquarius Biotechnologies Inc.), its operating subsidiaries ( Aquarius , and together with
 Holdings  and  BioPharma ,  the Company  or  we  or  our  or
 us ). The Company is a development stage biopharmaceutical company with a focus on identifying and developing
novel pharmaceutical products.  

On January 29, 2015, we completed
the acquisition of Aquarius ( Aquarius Merger ), a New Jersey-based, early-stage pharmaceutical company focused on
the development of differentiated and orally delivered therapeutics based on a proprietary, lipid-based, drug delivery platform
called  cochleate delivery technology.  Following the Aquarius Merger, we are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
focused on identifying and developing safe and effective broad spectrum antifungal and anti-bacterial therapeutics for the treatment
of serious and life-threatening infections, using our innovative lipid-crystal nano-encapsulation drug delivery platform. See Note
D for additional information on this transaction. 

On March 31, 2015 and April 10,
2015, we completed a private placement ( 2015 Private Placement ), under which the Company sold an aggregate of 20,000,000
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 20,000,000 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately $8.5
million after offering expenses. 

In the third quarter
of 2016, we concluded a private placement offering ( 2016 Private Placement ) and issued and sold an aggregate of
1,600,000 shares (the  Series A Preferred Shares ) of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ), which are convertible into 16,000,000 shares of common stock
based on the current conversion price, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately $6.8 million, after deducting
the placement agent fees described in Note E and other estimated offering expenses. 

[2]  
      Proprietary Products and Technology Portfolios   

Our proprietary cochleate lipid-crystal
nano-particle delivery technology platform, licensed from Rutgers University on an exclusive worldwide basis, is designed specifically
for the targeted and safe delivery of orally bioavailable pharmaceuticals directly to the site of infection or inflammation. This
license comprises a range of issued patents and patent applications, as well as the use of proprietary know-how with respect to
the manufacturing and testing of products using this technology. 

Our lead product
candidate using the cochleate delivery technology is MAT2203, an oral formulation of the broad spectrum
intravenous(IV)-delivered anti-fungal agent amphotericin B. MAT2203 is under development for serious fungal infections and a
single-escalating-dose Phase 1 study with MAT2203 has been completed. The Company is developing MAT2203 in collaboration with
the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. The U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has designated MAT2203 as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) with Fast Track
status for the treatment of invasive candidiasis, the treatment of aspergillosis and the prophylaxis of invasive fungal
infections due to immunosuppressive therapy. MAT2203 is currently being studied in a Phase 2a trial conducted by the NIH.
Recently, we dosed the first patient in this study and, assuming the NIH neets the anticipated clinical timelines, data is
expected in the first half of 2017. In addition to the Phase 2a trial, we will commence a second Phase 2 trial of MAT2203 in
patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis in the fourth quarter of 2016, with data expected later in the first half of 2017. We
are developing a pipeline of targeted delivery formulations by applying our cochleate oral delivery technology to a
potentially broad array of proven medications, including MAT2501. MAT2501 is an oral cochleate formulation of the broad
spectrum intravenous (IV)-delivered aminoglycoside antibiotic called amikacin, which is most often used for treating severe,
hospital-acquired infections, including Gram-negative bacterial infections. The Company has an open Investigational New Drug
(IND) application for MAT2501. MAT2501 has been granted a QIDP designation and Orphan Drug designation by the U.S. FDA for
the treatment of Nontuberculous Mycobacteria (NTM). We  plan to commence a Phase 1 study of MAT2501 in healthy volunteers
during the fourth quarter of 2016, with data expected during the first half of 2017. 

In addition, the Company is exploring
development and partnership options for MAT9001, a prescription-only omega-3 fatty acid-based composition under development for
hypertriglyceridemia. 

NOTE B   Going Concern
and Plan of Operations  

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation of the Company as
a going concern. 

The Company has experienced net
losses and negative cash flows from operations each period since its inception. Through September 30, 2016, the Company had an
accumulated deficit of approximately $35 million. The Company s operations have been financed primarily through the sale
of equity securities. The Company s net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $5.7 million
and $7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Company has been engaged
in developing a pipeline of product candidates since 2011. To date, the Company has not obtained regulatory approval for any of
its product candidates nor generated any revenue from products and the Company expects to incur significant expenses to complete
development of its product candidates. The Company may never be able to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of any of
its product candidates in any indication in the United States or internationally and there can be no assurance that the Company
will generate revenues or ever achieve profitability. 

The Company will need to secure
additional capital in order to fund operations and to continue and complete its planned clinical and operational activities related
to the product candidates and technologies that the Company recently acquired from Aquarius (now known as Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies,
Inc.). The Company can provide no assurances that such additional financing will be available to the Company on acceptable terms,
or at all. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company instituted cost deferral and savings measures to preserve its cash. The
Company has taken steps to reduce and delay expenses through the timing and monitoring of our preclinical animal programs and as
well as reducing professional fees, and compensation expenses in the short term. The Company is anticipating that the existing
cash balance on hand at the filing of this form 10Q would be sufficient to meet its operating obligations into April 2017. The
Company s recurring losses from operations, and need for additional funding, raise substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern, and as a result, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory
paragraph on the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 with respect to this uncertainty. 

NOTE C   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

[1]  
       Basis of Presentation    

The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc. ( Holdings )
and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Matinas BioPharma, Inc. and Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. (formerly Aquarius Biotechnologies,
Inc.) the operational subsidiaries of Holdings. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been
prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S.
GAAP ) and reflect the operations of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. All intercompany transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

These interim unaudited financial
statements do not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements and should be
read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the
Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. In the opinion of management, the interim unaudited financial statements reflect
all normal recurring adjustments necessary to fairly state the Company s financial position and results of operations for
the interim periods presented. The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data presented for comparative purposes was derived
from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. 

Operating results for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future interim periods
or for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

[2]  
       Use of Estimates    

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Certain accounting principles
require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly, a different financial
presentation could result depending on the judgments, estimates, or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include,
but are not specifically limited to, those required in the assessment of the impairment of intangible assets, all acquired assets
and liabilities, the valuation of Level 3 financial instruments and determination of stock-based compensation. 

The Company considers all highly
liquid instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less to be cash to the extent the funds are not being held
for investment purposes. 

[4]  
       Concentration of Credit Risk    

The Company s financial
instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash. Cash balances are maintained principally
at one major U.S. financial institution and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to
regulatory limits. At all times throughout the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s cash balances exceeded
the FDIC insurance limit. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

[5]  
       Equipment    

Equipment is stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets. The estimated useful lives of the Company equipment ranges from three to ten years. Capitalized costs associated
with leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the remaining life of the lease. 

[6]  
       Income Taxes    

Deferred taxes are provided on
a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit
carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences
between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates. 

The Company adopted the
provisions of ASC 740-10 and has analyzed its filing positions in jurisdictions where it may be obligated to file returns.
The Company believes that its income tax filing position and deductions will be sustained on an audit and does not anticipate
any adjustments that will result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income
tax positions have been recorded. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax
matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest or penalties as of September 30, 2016. 

[7]  
       Stock-Based Compensation    

The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation to employees in conformity with the provisions of ASC Topic 718,   Stock Based Compensation  . Stock-based compensation to employees consist of stock options grants and restricted shares that are recognized in the statement
of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant. 

The Company accounts for equity
instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 505, subtopic 50,   Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees   based upon the fair-value of the underlying instrument. The equity instruments, consisting of stock
options granted to consultants, are valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The measurement of stock-based compensation
is subject to periodic adjustments as the underlying equity instruments vest and is recognized as an expense over the period which
services are received. 

The Company calculates the fair
value of option grants utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model, and estimates the fair value of the restricted stock based upon
the estimated fair value of the common stock. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the
value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The authoritative guidance requires forfeitures to be
estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued and revised. If necessary in subsequent periods, an adjustment
will be booked if actual forfeitures differ from those estimated. The term  forfeitures  is distinct from  cancellations 
or  expirations  and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. The Company estimates
forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate, the Company
monitors both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee and non-employee termination patterns. 

The resulting stock-based compensation
expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
of the award. 

[8]  
       Fair Value Measurements    

ASC 820  Fair Value Measurements 
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1)
market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an
entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances
(unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level
3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 are described below: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.   

Level 2 - Directly or indirectly observable inputs as of the reporting date through correlation with market data, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models, such as interest rates and volatility factors, are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.   

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions.   

In determining fair value, the
Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to
the extent possible as well as considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. 

The carrying amounts of cash,
restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

[9]  
       Basic Net Loss per Common Share    

Basic earnings per common
share is computed as net loss available for common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is the same as basic earnings per common share because the
Company incurred a net loss during each period presented, and the potentially dilutive securities from the assumed exercise
of all outstanding stock options, preferred stock and warrants would have an antidilutive effect. The following schedule
details the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, warrants and conversion of preferred stock, which have
been excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

[10]  
       Revenue Recognition    

The Company recognizes revenue
from the NIH contracts when the specified performance milestone is achieved. The milestones are analyzed and approved on a monthly
basis through progress reports submitted by the Company. 

[11]  
       Research and Development    

Research and development costs
are charged to operations as they are incurred. Legal fees and other direct costs incurred in obtaining and protecting patents
are also expensed as incurred, due to the uncertainty with respect to future cash flows resulting from the patents and our included
as part of general and administrative expenses. 

[12]  
       Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In
August   2016,   the   Financial
  Accounting Standards Board (FASB)   issued Accounting Standards
Update (  ASU)   2016-15  ,
   Statement     of
    Cash     Flows
    (    Topic
    230): Classification of Certain Cash     Receipts
    and Cash     Payments
   ( ASU 2016-15 )  ,   which
amended the existing accounting   standards   for   the
statement of cash   flows. The amendments provide   guidance
  on eight classification   issues related   to
the   s  tatement of cash flows.   The
Company   is required   to   adopt
the   guidance in   the first quarter of fiscal   2018
and   early adoption is permitted.   The   amendments
  should   be applied retrospectively to all periods presented.
For   issues   that are impracticable to apply retrospectively  ,
  the amendments may be applied prospectively as of the   earliest
  date practicable  .   The
  Company   is currently in the process of assessing the impact
of this   standard   but does   not
  believe the adoption will have a material impact on the   Company's
  consolidated   statements   of
cash flows.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share based
payment award transactions. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application
is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard but does not expect this standard to have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operation. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The new standard will require most leases to be recognized on the balance sheet which will increase reported
assets and liabilities. Lessor accounting remains substantially similar to current guidance. The new standard is effective for
annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2019
and mandates a modified retrospective transition method. We are currently assessing the impact of this update, and believe that
its adoption will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-17  Simplifying the Classification of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities.  The new standard requires that
all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance
sheet. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and allows for early adoption
using a full retrospective method or a prospective method. We have elected to early adopt the provisions of this new standard using
a prospective method. As a result, all deferred taxes as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are classified as noncurrent
in our consolidated balance sheet, while prior periods remain as previously reported. As of September 30, 2016 there are no deferred
tax assets. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-16  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.  The new standard eliminates the requirement
to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments. The new standard requires that the cumulative
impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which
the adjustment is identified. The standard was effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and does
not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU
describes how an entity should assess its ability to meet obligations and sets rules for how this information should be disclosed
in the financial statements. The standard provides accounting guidance that will be used along with existing auditing standards.
The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard and we do expect this standard to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position or results of operation. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09  Revenue From Contracts with Customers.  This standard specifies how and when an entity will recognize
revenue arising from contracts with customers. The ASU is effective beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company will evaluate
the adoption of this standard when it generates revenue.  

[13]  
       Business Combination    

The Company accounts for acquisitions
using the acquisition method of accounting which requires the recognition of tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the business combination date. The Company allocates any excess purchase
price over the estimated fair value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
to goodwill. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred in general and administrative expenses. Results of operations and cash
flows of acquired companies are included in the Company's operating results from the date of acquisition. 

The Company's intangible assets
are comprised of acquired in-process research and development, or IPR D. The fair value of IPR D acquired through a business
combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until the completion or abandonment of the related research
and development activities. IPR D is tested for impairment annually or when events or circumstances indicate that the fair
value may be below the carrying value of the asset. There was no impairment for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016.
If and when research and development is complete, the associated assets would then be amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

[14]  
       Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

Goodwill is assessed for impairment
at least annually on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded
goodwill may be impaired. In accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance we have the option to perform a qualitative
assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
If we determine this is the case, we are required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill
impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any. If we determine that it is more-likely-than-not
that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amounts, the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required. 

As defined in the authoritative
guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. Historically, we conducted our business
in a single operating segment and reporting unit. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we assessed goodwill impairment by performing
a qualitative test for our reporting unit. During our qualitative review, we considered the Company s cash position and our
ability to obtain additional financing in the near term to meet our operational and strategic goals and substantiate the value
of our business. Based on the results of our assessment, it was determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value
of the reporting units are greater than their carrying amounts. There was no impairment of goodwill for the quarter ended September
30, 2016. 

We review other intangible assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. The authoritative accounting guidance allows
a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the impairment testing guidance
for goodwill. It allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the
significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. The qualitative factors assist
in determining whether it is more-likely-than-not (i.e.   50% chance) that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.
An organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed
directly to calculating its fair value. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets are IPR D intangible assets. In all other instances
we used the qualitative test and concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that all other indefinite-lived assets were not impaired
and therefore, there were no impairments in quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

[15]  
       Beneficial Conversion Feature of Convertible Preferred Stock    

The Company accounts for the
beneficial conversion feature on its convertible preferred stock in accordance with ASC 470-20,  Debt with Conversion and Other
Options . The Beneficial Conversion Feature ( BCF ) of convertible preferred stock is normally characterized as the
convertible portion or feature that provides a rate of conversion that is below market value or in-the-money when issued. We record
a BCF related to the issuance of convertible preferred stock when issued. Beneficial conversion features that are contingent upon
the occurrence of a future event are recorded when the contingency is resolved. 

To determine the effective conversion
price, we first allocate the proceeds received to the convertible preferred stock and then use those allocated proceeds to determine
the effective conversion price. If the convertible instrument is issued in a basket transaction (i.e., issued along with other
freestanding financial instruments), the proceeds should first be allocated to the various instruments in the basket. Any amounts
paid to the investor when the transaction is consummated (e.g., origination fees, due diligence costs) represent a reduction in
the proceeds received by the issuer. The intrinsic value of the conversion option should be measured using the effective conversion
price for the convertible preferred stock on the proceeds allocated to that instrument. The effective conversion price represents
proceeds allocable to the convertible preferred stock divided by the number of shares into which it is convertible. The effective
conversion price is then compared to the per share fair value of the underlying shares on the commitment date. 

The accounting for a BCF requires that the BCF be recognized by allocating the intrinsic value of the
conversion option to additional paid-in capital, resulting in a discount on the convertible preferred stock. This discount should
be accreted from the date on which the BCF is first recognized through the earliest conversion date for instruments that do not
have a stated redemption date. The intrinsic value of the BCF is recognized as a deemed dividend on convertible preferred stock
over a period specified in the guidance. 

NOTE D   Acquisition of Aquarius Biotechnologies,
Inc.  

On January 29, 2015, we
entered into the Merger Agreement with Aquarius, Saffron Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of ours ( Merger Sub ) and J. Carl Craft, as the stockholder representative. The merger contemplated by the Aquarius
Merger became effective on January 29, 2015, following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in the Merger
Agreement, including approval of the transaction by 100% of Aquarius  stockholders. Pursuant to the Aquarius Merger, the
Merger Sub merged with and into Aquarius, with Aquarius surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, we were obligated to issue an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at closing, subject to
adjustment as set forth in the Merger Agreement. At closing, we issued 4,608,020 shares (the  Closing Shares ) of our
common stock as closing consideration. In addition, subject to our right of offset for indemnification claims, we may issue up
to an additional 3,000,000 shares (the  Additional Shares ) of our common stock upon the achievement of certain milestones.
The milestone consideration consists of (i) 1,500,000 shares issuable upon the dosing of the first patient in a phase III trial
sponsored by us for a product utilizing Aquarius  proprietary cochleate delivery technology and (ii) 1,500,000 shares issuable
upon FDA approval of the first NDA submitted by us for a product utilizing Aquarius  proprietary cochleate delivery technology.
The Company concluded that the contingent share issuance represented equity settled contingent consideration and have recorded
the amounts to equity as of December 31, 2015. 

The transaction was accounted
for as a business combination, and accordingly the Company has included the results of operations of Aquarius subsequent to the
January 29, 2015 closing date. The transaction resulted in a significant amount of in-process research and development, goodwill
and deferred tax liability on the balance sheet. There were no changes to the recorded amounts in 2016. 

The acquisition-date fair value
of the consideration transferred totaled $2,873,035 as of January 29, 2015 and consisted of the following items: 

(a)-Reflects recognition of the
estimated fair value of the contingent consideration payable with issuance of Matinas common stock upon achievement of certain
future clinical and regulatory milestones, the achievement of which is uncertain. The fair value of the additional shares were
established by assigning probabilities and projected dates of positive outcome for the milestones and valuing the future issuance
of the shares by using the Black-Scholes options pricing model to account for the uncertainty in the future value of the shares.
The value of the shares as derived using the options pricing model were then weighted based on the probability of achieving the
milestones to determine the fair market value of the additional shares. The entire $753,346 of contingent consideration was recorded
as additional paid-in capital at December 31, 2015. 

Deferred income taxes arising from basis differences of tax aspects of in-process research and development
from the transaction amounted to $ 1.2 million as indicated on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

NOTE E   2016 Private Placement Funding  

In July, August
and September 2016, we conducted closings for a private placement, or the  2016 Private Placement,  pursuant to which we sold
to accredited investors an aggregate of 1,600,000 Series A Preferred Shares, which are convertible into 16,000,000 shares
of common stock based on the current conversion price, at a purchase price of $5.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company of $8.0 million (see note G for additional information  about Preferred Stock) 

We entered into a
Placement Agency Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. pursuant to which Aegis acted as our exclusive placement agent for the
2016 Private Placement. Immediately prior to the 2016 Private Placement, the Placement Agent and its affiliates beneficially
owned an aggregate of more than 10% of our outstanding equity securities. In addition, Adam Stern, Head of Private Equity
Banking at Aegis, is a member of our board of directors. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, in
connection with the 2016 Private Placement, we paid the Placement Agent an aggregate cash fee of $800,000 and a
non-accountable expense allowance of $240,000 and have issued to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase 1,600,000 shares of
common stock at $0.50 per share. These warrants are equity classified and accounted for as preferred stock issuance cost
within equity. The warrants provide for a cashless exercise feature and are exercisable for a period of five years from the
date of closing. We have also agreed to pay the Placement Agent similar cash and warrant compensation with respect to, and
based on, any individual or entity that the Placement Agent solicits interest from in connection with this Offering,
excluding existing stockholders of the Company and certain other specified investors, who subsequently invests in us at any
time prior to the date that is twelve (12) months following the final Closing of this Offering. In addition, we entered into
a three year, non-exclusive finder s fee agreement with the Placement Agent providing that if the Placement Agent shall
introduce us to a third party that consummates certain types of transactions with our Company, such as business combinations,
joint ventures and licensing arrangements, then the Placement Agent will be paid a finder s fee, payable in cash at the
closing of such transaction, equal to (a) 5% of the first $1,000,000 of the consideration paid in such transaction; plus (b)
4% of the next $1,000,000 of the consideration paid in such transaction; plus (c) 3% of the next $5,000,000 of the
consideration paid in the such transaction; plus (d) 2.5% of any consideration paid in such transaction in excess of
$7,000,000.    

NOTE F   Equipment  

Fixed assets, summarized by major
category, consist of the following ($ in thousands) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015: 

On February 12, 2016, the Company entered in a new
36 month capital lease for lab equipment. The payments under the lease are accounted for as interest and payments under capital
lease using 3 year amortization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recognized interest expense of $1,353
associated with the lease payments. 

NOTE G   Stock Holders Equity  

Preferred Stock  

In accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation,
there are 10,000,000 authorized preferred shares at a par value of $ 0.001 .  In connection with the 2016 Private Placement,
on July 26, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware to designate the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series A Preferred Shares. Pursuant
to the Certificate of Designations, the Company designated 1,600,000 shares of the Company s previously undesignated preferred
stock as Series A Preferred Stock. 

Conversion: 

Each Series A Preferred Share
is convertible at the option of the holder into such number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the number of
Series A Preferred Shares to be converted, multiplied by the stated value of $5.00 (the  Stated Value ), divided by
the Conversion Price in effect at the time of the conversion (the initial conversion price will be $0.50, subject to adjustment
in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and fundamental transactions). Based on the current conversion price, the Series
A Preferred Stock is convertible into 16,000,000 shares of common stock. A fundamental transaction means:  (i)
  our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, (ii) any   sale
  of all or   substantially   all
of our assets in one transaction or   a series   of related
transactions, or   (iii)   any reclassification of our Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange by which Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other   securities,
  cash or property.  Each Series A Preferred Share will automatically convert into common
stock upon the earlier of (i) notice by the Company to the holders that the Company has elected to convert all outstanding Series
A Preferred Shares; provided however that in the event the Company elects to force automatic conversion pursuant to this clause
(i), the conversion date for purposes of calculating the accrued Dividend (as defined below) is deemed to be the July 29, 2019,
which is third anniversary of the Initial Closing, (ii) three years from the Initial Closing, (iii) the approval of the Company s
MAT2203 product candidate by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency (the  Regulatory Approval )
or (iv) the Regulatory Approval of the Company s MAT2501 product candidate. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature- Series A Preferred
Stock (deemed dividend): 

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
into shares of common stock, at any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. On July 29, 2016,
August 16, 2016, and September 12, 2016, the date of issuances of the Series A, the publicly traded common stock prices were $0.67,
$0.70, and $1.00 per share, respectively. 

Based on the guidance in
ASC 470-20-20, the Company determined that a beneficial conversion feature exists, as the effective conversion price for the
Series A preferred shares at issuance was less than the fair value of the common stock into which the preferred shares are
convertible. A beneficial conversion feature based on the intrinsic value of the date of issuances for the Series A was
approximately $4.4 million. The beneficial conversion amount of approximately $4.4 million was then accreted back to the
preferred stock as a deemed dividend and charged to accumulate deficit as the conversion rights were 100% effective at the
time of issuance. 

Liquidity Value and Dividends: 

Pursuant to the Certificate
of Designations, the Series A Preferred Shares  accrue dividends at a rate of 8.0% per year, payable to the holders of such
Series A Preferred Shares in shares of common stock upon conversion. Dividends which have been earned but not declared
through September 30, 2016 are approximately $50 thousand. The Series A Preferred Shares  vote on an as converted basis with
the Company s common stock. Upon any dissolution, liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders
of Series A Preferred Shares   are entitled to (i) first receive distributions out of our assets in an amount per share equal
to the Stated Value plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, whether capital or surplus before any distributions shall be made
on any shares of common stock and (ii) second, on an as-converted basis alongside the common stock. 

Royalty: 

The Series A Preferred
Shares include the right, as a group, to receive: (i) 4.5% of the net sales of MAT2203 and MAT2501, in each case from and
after the date, respectively, such candidate has received FDA or EMA approval, and (ii) 7.5% of the proceeds, if any,
received by the Company in connection with the licensing or other disposition by the Company of MAT2203 and/or MAT2501
( Royalty Payment Rights ). The royalty is payable so long as the Company has valid patents covering MAT2203 and
MAT2501, as applicable. The Royalty Payment Rights are unsecured obligations of the Company. The royalty payment will be
allocated to the holders based on their pro rata ownership of vested Series A Preferred Shares. The royalty rights that are
part of the Series A Preferred Shares will vest, in equal thirds, upon each of the July 29, 2017, July 29, 2018, and July 29,
2019, which are the first, second and third anniversary dates of the Initial Closing, (each a  Vesting Date );
provided however, if the Series A Preferred Shares automatically convert into common stock prior to the 36 month anniversary
of the initial closing, then the royalty rights that are part of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares shall be deemed to
be fully vested as of the date of conversion. Even if the Series A Preferred Shares are purchased after the initial closing,
the vesting periods for the royalty rights that are part of the Series A Preferred Shares shall still be based on the Vesting
Dates. During the first 36 months following the initial closing, the right to receive a royalty will follow the Series A
Preferred Shares; after July 29, 2019 the royalty payment rights may be transferred separately from the Series A Preferred
Stock subject to available exemption from registration under applicable securities laws. The Company believes that such
rights are not separable free standing instruments requiring bifurcation at the date of transaction. The Company may
recognize a deemed dividend for the estimated fair value of the vested portion of the royalty rights in future periods. As of
September 30, 2016, no accrual has been recorded for royalty payments as it is not probable at this time that any amount will
be paid.    

Classification: 

These Series A Preferred Shares
are classified within permanent equity on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as they do not meet the criteria
that would require presentation outside of permanent equity under ASC 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

Warrants  

As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 40,517,500 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from
$0.50 to $2.00 per share. 

The Warrants are exercisable
immediately upon issuance and have a five-year term. The Warrants may be exercised at any time in whole or in part upon payment
of the applicable exercise price until expiration of the Warrants. No fractional shares will be issued upon the exercise of the
Warrants. The exercise price and the number of warrant shares purchasable upon the exercise
of the Investor Warrants (as opposed to Placement Agent Warrants) are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events,
which include stock dividends, stock splits, combinations and reclassifications of the Company capital stock or similar  organic
changes  to the equity structure of the Company (see Warrant table below). Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, the warrants
are classified as equity. 

The Company may call the
Warrants, other than the Placement Agent Warrants, at any time the common stock trades above $5.00 (for 13 million warrants
issued in 2013) or above $ 3.00 (for 20 million warrants issued in 2015) for twenty (20) consecutive days following the
effectiveness of the registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants,
provided that the Warrants can only be called if such registration statement is current and remains effective at the time of
the call and provided further that the Company can only call the Investor Warrants for redemption, if it also calls all other
Warrants for redemption on the terms described above. The Placement Agent Warrants do not have a redemption feature. The
Placement Agent warrants may be exercised on a  cashless  basis. Such term is a contingent feature and within the
control of the Company, therefore does not require liability classification. 

A summary of equity warrants
outstanding as of September 30, 2016 is presented below, all of which are fully vested. 

NOTE H   Stock Based Compensation  

In August 2013, the Company adopted
the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ), which provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified
stock options, restricted stock units, performance units, and stock purchase rights. Options under the Plan may be granted at prices
not less than 100% of the fair value of the shares on the date of grant as determined by the Board Committee. The Board Committee
determines the period over which the options become exercisable subject to certain restrictions as defined in the Plan, with the
current outstanding options generally vesting over three years. The term of the options is no longer than ten years. The Company
currently has 11,828,912 shares of common stock for issuance under the plan. 

With the approval of the Board
of Directors and majority Shareholders, effective May 8, 2014, the Plan was amended and restated. The amendment provides for an
automatic increase in the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Plan each January (with Board approval),
commencing January 1, 2015 in an amount up to four percent (4%) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the
preceding December 31st. 

The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense (options, and restricted share grants) in its consolidated statements of operations as follows ($ in thousands): 

The following table contains
information about the Company s stock plan at September 30, 2016: 

* includes
both stock grants and option grants 

The following table summarizes
the Company  stock option activity and related information for the period from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 (number
of options in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, the
number of vested shares underlying outstanding options was 6,079,258 at a weighted average exercise price of $1.96. The aggregate
intrinsic value of in the-money options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was $6.3 million. The aggregate intrinsic value is
calculated as the difference between the Company s closing stock price of $1.60 on September 30, 2016, and the exercise price
of options, multiplied by the number of options. As of September 30, 2016, there was $2.2 million of total unrecognized share-based
compensation. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 0.8 years. 

All options expire ten years
from date of grant. Except for options granted to consultants, all remaining options vest entirely and evenly over three years.
A portion of options granted to consultants vests over four years, with the remaining vesting being based upon the achievement
of certain performance milestones, which are tied to either financing or drug development initiatives. 

The Company recognizes compensation
expense for stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the applicable service period of the award. The service period is
generally the vesting period, with the exception of options granted subject to a consulting agreement, whereby the option vesting
period and the service period defined pursuant to the terms of the consulting agreement may be different. Stock options issued
to consultants are revalued quarterly until fully vested, with any change in fair value expensed. The following weighted-average
assumptions were used to calculate share based compensation: 

The Company does not have sufficient
historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination
behavior. Hence, the Company uses the  simplified method  described in Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 107 to estimated
expected term of share option grants. 

The expected stock price volatility
assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities for industry peers, as the Company has limited history for the
Company s common stock. The Company will continue to analyze the historical stock price volatility and expected term assumptions
as more historical data for the Company s common stock becomes available. 

The risk-free interest rate assumption
is based on the U.S treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the expected term of the Company s stock options. 

The expected dividend assumption
is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has never paid dividends on its common
stock and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company has assumed
no dividend yield for purposes of estimating the fair value of the Company share-based compensation. 

The Company estimates the forfeiture
rate at the time of grant and revisions, if necessary, were estimated based on management s expectation through industry
knowledge and historical data. 

NOTE I   COMMMITMENTS  

On November 1, 2013, the
Company entered into a 7 year lease for office space in Bedminster, New Jersey which commenced in June, 2014 at a monthly rent
of $12,723, increasing to approximately $14,200 per month toward the end of the term. The Company records rent expense on a straight-line
basis. 

In December of 2015, the
Company renewed its agreement to lease laboratory space for one year starting January 1, 2016 in Monmouth Junction, New Jersey
at a monthly rent of $2,287. 

Listed below is a summary of
future lease rental payments (including the remainder of 2016) as of September 30, 2016: 

The Company was obligated to
provide a security deposit of $300,000 to obtain lease space. This deposit was reduced by $100,000 in 2015 and $100,000 in June
2016, down to $100,000. An additional $50,000 will be  reduced in June 2017. 

Through our acquisition
of Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. (formerly known as Aquarius Biotechnologies Inc.), we acquired a license from Rutgers
University for the cochleate delivery technology. The Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement between Aquarius and
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (successor in interest to the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey)
provides for, among other things, (1) royalties on a tiered basis between low single digits and the mid-single digits of net
sales of products using such licensed technology, (2) a one-time sales milestone fee of $100,000 when and if sales of
products using the licensed technology reach the specified sales threshold and (3) an annual license fee of initially
$10,000, increasing to $50,000 over the term of the license agreement. 

In July 2016, the Company entered
into a Finance Agreement in the amount of $262,324, to fund the premium payments for the Director and Officer Liability policy.
The term of this agreement is 10 months, ending May 30, 2017. Monthly payments including interest at 3.25% are $23,962. 

As discussed in Note G,
the Series A Preferred Stock holders have  Royalty Payment Rights  with regards to MAT2203 and/or MAT2501.
Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations for our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, we may be required to
pay, subject to certain vesting requirements, in the aggregate, a royalty equal to (i) 4.5% of Net Sales (as defined in the
Certificate of Designation) from MAT 2203 and/or MAT 2501, subject in all cases to a cap of $25 million per calendar year,
and (ii) 7.5% of Licensing Proceeds (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) from MAT2203 and/or MAT2501, subject in
all cases to a cap of $10 million per calendar year. Our obligation to pay such royalty will expire when the patents covering
the applicable product expire, which is currently expected to be in 2033. 

The Company also has employment
agreements with certain employees which require the funding of a specific level of payments, if certain events, such as a change
in control, termination without cause or retirement, occur. 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related notes
and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
particularly those under  Risk Factors.  Dollars in tabular format are presented in thousands, except per share data,
or otherwise indicated.  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended  .   Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals,
expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.    
All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements.    
You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as  may,   can,   anticipate, 
 assume,   should,   indicate,   would,   believe,   contemplate, 
 expect,   seek,   estimate,   continue,   plan,   point to, 
 project,   predict,   could,   intend,   target,   potential 
and other similar words and expressions of the future. 

There are a number of important factors
that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us.    
These factors include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and to develop our product candidates;   

our ability to raise additional capital, in light of the significant number of shares issuable upon conversion of our Series
A Preferred Stock (including paying dividends in the form of common stock), upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options and
upon achievement of certain milestones pursuant to the Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. acquisition agreement;    

our obligation to pay royalties to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock;   

our anticipated timing for preclinical development, regulatory submissions, commencement and completion of clinical trials and product approvals;   

our limited operating history;   

our history of operating losses in each year since inception and the expectation that we will continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future;   

our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of certain cost-savings measures;   

our dependence on product candidates, which are still in an early development stage;   

our reliance on proprietary cochleate drug delivery technology, which is licensed to us by Rutgers University;   

our ability to manufacture GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) batches of our product candidates which are required for pre-clinical and clinical trials and, subsequently, if regulatory approval is obtained for any of our products, our ability to manufacture commercial quantities;   

our ability to complete required clinical trials for our lead product candidate and other product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA or other regulatory agents in different jurisdictions;   

our dependence on third-parties, including third-parties to manufacture and third-party CROs (Clinical Research Organizations) including, without limitation, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to conduct our clinical trials;   

our ability to maintain or protect the validity of our patents and other intellectual property;   

our ability to retain key executive members;   

our ability to internally develop new inventions and intellectual property;   

interpretations of current laws and the passages of future laws;   

our lack of a sales and marketing organization and our ability to commercialize products, if we obtain regulatory approval;   

acceptance of our business model by investors;   

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses and capital requirements;   

our ability to adequately support growth; and   

the factors listed under the headings  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, elsewhere in this report and other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

All forward-looking statements are expressly
qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice.     You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this report or the date of the document incorporated by reference into this report.
 We have no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We have expressed our expectations, beliefs and projections
in good faith and we believe they have a reasonable basis. However, we cannot assure you that our expectations, beliefs or projections
will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

Overview  

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on identifying and developing safe and effective broad spectrum therapeutics for the treatment of serious and life-threatening
infections. We are developing a pipeline of product and development candidates, with an initial focus on serious fungal and bacterial
infections. On January 29, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Aquarius Biotechnologies Inc., whose name was subsequently changed
to Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. (referred to as the  2015 Merger  throughout this document), a New Jersey-based,
early-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development of differentiated and orally delivered therapeutics based on a proprietary,
lipid crystal drug delivery platform called  cochleate delivery technology.  

Our proprietary cochleate delivery technology
platform, licensed from Rutgers University on an exclusive worldwide basis, is designed specifically for the targeted and safe
delivery of pharmaceuticals directly to the site of infection or inflammation. This innovative technology utilizes lipid-crystal
nano-particle cochleates to nano-encapsulate existing drugs, which is designed to make them safer, more tolerable, less toxic and
orally bioavailable. We believe this platform represents a significant innovation that may result in meaningful improvements to
currently available therapies to treat numerous life-threatening diseases, including serious fungal infections and multi-drug resistant,
or MDR, gram-negative bacterial infections. 

Currently, we are focused on the anti-infectives
market and on drug candidates which we believe demonstrate the value and innovation associated with our unique delivery platform
technology. We believe initially focusing on the anti-infectives market has distinct advantages for the development of products
which meet significant unmet medical need, including: 

a current regulatory environment which provides small development and clinical stage companies incentives and opportunities to reduce development cost and timeline to market for anti-infective drug candidates;   

traditional high correlation between efficacy and safety data in preclinical animal models and the outcome of human clinical trials with these product candidates;   

attractive commercial opportunities for a product differentiated in its safety profile, mode of action and oral bioavailability positioned against current therapies with significant side effects, limited efficacy and intravenous delivery resulting in lack of convenience, compliance and at a significant burden to the cost of healthcare; and   

an ability to commercialize anti-infective products with a focused and cost-efficient sales and marketing organization    

We currently have two clinical-stage
products designed for the treatment of infectious disease. Our lead product candidate is MAT2203, a novel oral formulation of a
broad spectrum anti-fungal drug called amphotericin B which uses our cochleate delivery technology. We are initially developing
MAT2203 for the treatment of Candida infections as well as the prophylaxis, or prevention, of invasive fungal infections (IFIs)
due to immunosuppressive therapy. A Phase 1a study has been completed and demonstrated that MAT2203 was generally well tolerated
at all dosage levels with no serious adverse events reports and no laboratory or renal function abnormalities observed. We are
currently screening and enrolling patients in a Phase 2a study of MAT2203 in collaboration with the National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. In the third quarter of 2016, the NIH commenced
dosing patients in this Phase 2a study and, assuming the NIH meets the anticipated clinical timelines, we anticipate announcing
results of this study during the first half of 2017. In addition to the Phase 2a trial being conducted by the NIH, we expect to
commence an additional Phase 2 study of MAT2203 in patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis in the fourth quarter of 2016, with results
expected later in the first half of 2017. 

Our second clinical
stage product candidate is MAT2501, an orally administered, encochleated formulation of the broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic
amikacin which may be used to treat different types of multidrug-resistant bacteria, including non-tubercular mycobacterial infections
(NTM), as well as various multidrug-resistant gram negative and intracellular bacterial infections. Currently, amikacin cannot
be absorbed enterally and must be given by intravenous, intramuscular or nebulization routes with the significant risk of nephrotoxicity
and ototoxicity, which makes it an impractical choice when treating serious infections which often require long courses of therapy,
often 12 to 18 months or longer. MAT2501, taking advantage of its innovative, nano-encapsulation delivery technology, is being
developed to be orally administered, and is designed to be a safer and targeted therapy for improved treatment of these serious
and life-threatening bacterial infections in patients, including those who are severely immunocompromised. We are initially developing
MAT2501 for the treatment of non-tuberculous mycobacteria (NTM). NTM causes many serious and life-threatening diseases, including
pulmonary disease, skin and soft tissue disease, joint infections and, in immunocompromised individuals, disseminated infection.
The most common clinical manifestation of NTM disease is pulmonary, or lung, disease. NTM lung infection occurs when a person
inhales the organism from their environment. There are about 50,000 to 90,000 people with NTM pulmonary disease in the United
States, with a much higher prevalence in older adults, and these numbers appear to be increasing. However, NTM can affect any
age group. Without treatment, the progressive lung infection caused by NTM results in severe cough, fatigue and weight loss, and
ultimately can lead to death. In some people NTM infections can become chronic and require ongoing treatment. Treatment may be
difficult because NTM bacteria may be resistant to many common types of antibiotics. Severe NTM lung disease can have a significant
impact on quality of life and can be life-threatening. We are also developing MAT2501 for the treatment of a variety of serious
and acute bacterial infections, including the treatment of gram negative bacterial infections, currently the most significant
unmet medical need identified by infectious disease specialists. We recently filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application
with FDA and are cleared to commence Phase 1 clinical studies in January 2016. We plan to initiate the first Phase 1 study of
MAT2501 during the fourth quarter of 2016. 

We are currently exploring
strategic partnering options for our legacy cardiovascular drug, MAT9001, which has been developed and targeted to date for the
treatment of very high triglycerides and MAT8800, our discovery program seeking to identify product candidates derived from omega-3
fatty acids for the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. 

We are a clinical stage
company and have generated $194,000 and $0 in contract research revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September
30, 2016, respectively. These contract research revenues ended during 2015 and we do not anticipate any revenues during the remainder
of 2016. We have incurred losses for each period from inception. Our net loss was approximately $5.7 million and $7.1 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our net loss attributable to common shareholders was $11.8 million and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating
losses for the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities to
develop, seek regulatory approval and commercialization of MAT2203 and MAT2501 and any other product candidates we choose to develop
based upon our platform technology. Accordingly, we will need additional financing to support our continuing operations. We will
seek to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, which may include collaborations
with third parties. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise
capital as and when needed would impact our going concern and would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability
to pursue our business strategy and continue as a going concern. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability,
and we may never do so. 

Financial Operations Overview  

Revenue   

We generated Contract
Research Revenue in the amount of $194,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 versus zero in the same period of 2016.
This revenue is directly related to contracts which our subsidiary Aquarius had with the National Institutes of Health (NIH). These
contracts were related to work being done on MAT2203 and MAT2501. These contracts ended in 2015 and we expect no additional revenue
in 2016 unless we enter into a new revenue arrangement. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development
expenses consist of costs incurred for the development of MAT2203 and MAT2501 and, to a lesser extent, MAT9001, which include: 

the cost of conducting pre-clinical work;   

the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing pre-clinical and human clinical trial materials;   

costs for consultants and contractors associated with Chemistry and Manufacturing Controls (CMC), pre-clinical and clinical activities and regulatory operations;   

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, including the National Institutes of Health (NIH), that conduct our pre-clinical or clinical trials; and   

employee-related expenses, including salaries and stock-based compensation expense for those employees involved in the research and development process.   

The table below summarizes
our direct research and development expenses for our product candidates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
Our direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to contractors, consultants,
analytical laboratories and CROs and/or the NIH, in connection with our development work. We typically use our employee and infrastructure
resources for manufacturing clinical trial materials, conducting product analysis, study protocol development and overseeing outside
vendors. Included in  Internal Staffing, Overhead and Other  below is the cost of laboratory space, supplies, R D
employee costs (including stock option expenses), travel and medical education. 

Research and development
activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher
development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage
human trials. 

We expect our R D expenses to
increase during Q4 2016 and into 2017 as we implement our additional Phase II study with MAT2203 and start our Phase
I study with MAT2501. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative
expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive and finance functions. Other general and
administrative expenses include facility costs, communication expenses, and professional fees for legal, patent review, consulting
and accounting services. General and Administrative expenses were $3.3 million as compared to $3.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

We anticipate
that our general and administrative expenses will be flat or lower for the full year 2016 compared to 2015 due to
the implementation of a cost savings steps, offset by increased expenses related to our status as a publicly traded
company, including expenses in support of compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. 

Other Expense, net   

Other expense, net
is largely comprised of interest expense and franchise taxes. 

Deemed
Dividend   

The deemed dividend
results from the convertible preferred stock beneficial conversion feature. This entire dividend is captured in the third quarter
of 2016.  

Application of Critical Accounting Policies  

Our critical accounting
policies are more fully described in Note C to our financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies, except for the addition of a
critical accounting policy, Beneficial Conversion Feature of Convertible Preferred Stock, as described in Note C in these financial
statements on Form 10-Q. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

Option Grants   

We account for all
share-based compensation payments issued to employees, directors, and non-employees using an option pricing model for estimating
fair value. Accordingly, share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date
of grant, net of forfeitures. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest
over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line single option method. In
accordance with authoritative guidance, we re-measure the fair value of non-employee share-based awards as the awards vest, and
recognize the resulting value, if any, as expense during the period the related services are rendered. 

Significant Factors, Assumptions and Methodologies Used
in Determining Fair Value   

We apply the fair value
recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, which we refer to as ASC 718. Determining
the amount of share-based compensation to be recorded required us to develop estimates of the fair value of stock options as of
their grant date before operating as a public company. We recognize share-based compensation expense ratably over the requisite
service period, which in most cases is the vesting period of the award. Calculating the fair value of share-based awards requires
that we make highly subjective assumptions. 

We use the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to value our stock option awards. Use of this valuation methodology requires that we make assumptions as to
the volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our stock options, and the risk free interest rate for a period that approximates
the expected term of our stock options and our expected dividend yield. As a publicly-held company with a limited operating history,
we utilized data from a representative group of companies to estimate expected stock price volatility. We selected companies from
the biopharmaceutical industry with similar characteristics to us, including those in the early stage of product development and
with a therapeutic focus. 

We use the simplified
method as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107,  Share-Based Payment 
, to calculate the expected term of stock option grants to employees as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide
a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of stock options granted to employees. 

We recognize compensation
expense for stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the applicable service period of the award. The service period is
generally the vesting period, with the exception of options granted subject to a consulting agreement, whereby the option vesting
period and the service period defined pursuant to the terms of the consulting agreement may be different. Stock options issued
to consultants are revalued quarterly until fully vested, with any change in fair value expensed. For awards subject to performance
conditions, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense using the accelerated attribution recognition method when it
is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The following range of assumptions were used to value options granted
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and to re-measure stock options issued to consultants. 

The expected term of
stock options represents the weighted average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the options
vesting term, contractual terms, and industry peers as we did not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable
expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior. 

The expected stock
price volatility assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities for industry peers, as our stock has not been
trading long enough to calculate its own volatility. We will continue to analyze the historical stock price volatility and expected
term assumptions as more historical data for our common stock becomes available. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based
on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the expected term of our stock options. The expected dividend assumption
is based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. 

We have never paid
dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
we have assumed no dividend yield for purposes of estimating the fair value of our share-based compensation. 

We are also required
to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant, and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from
our estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record share-based compensation expense only
for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent that actual forfeitures differ from our estimates, the difference is
recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period the estimates were revised. 

The closing price of
our stock (on the date of a grant) is used as an input in the measurement of stock-based compensation. 

Share-based compensation
expense associated with stock options and restricted stock granted to employees and non-employees for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had $2.3 million of total
unrecognized share-based compensation expense, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of
approximately 1.1 years.  In future periods, our share-based compensation expense is expected to increase as a result of recognizing
our existing unrecognized share-based compensation for awards that will vest and as we issue additional share-based awards to attract
and retain our employees. 

We have included stock
based compensation as part of our operating expenses in our statement of operation for the nine months ended September 30 ($ in
thousands) as follows: 

The 2013 Equity Compensation
Plan, or the Plan, is the only active plan pursuant to which options to acquire common stock or restricted stock awards can be
granted and are currently outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there were 2,523,519 shares of our common stock available for
issuance under the Plan. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 8,320,694 shares of our common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of $0.85. The computation of the aggregate intrinsic value is based upon the difference between the original exercise price
of the options and our estimate of the deemed fair value of our common stock at September 30, 2016. The total intrinsic value of
options outstanding and vested at September 30, 2016 was $6.3 million. 

Emerging Growth Company Status   

Under Section 107(b)
of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption
from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as
other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Results of Operations ($ in Thousands)  

Comparison of Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Revenues.  Revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $0, compared to $60,000 for the prior period. Revenue consists of revenue earned under the
National Institutes of Health grants for MAT2203 and MAT2501. These grants ended in 2015 and we do not anticipate any revenue for
the remainder of 2016 

Research and Development expenses. 
Research and Development expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $44,000 compared to the prior year period.
This decrease is primarily due to a decrease in spending on clinical studies, associated with MAT9001. In the longer term, we expect
R D expenses to increase as we implement our development programs. 

General and Administrative expenses. 
General and Administrative expenses for the three month period ending September 30, 2016 were $1,000,000, a decrease of $ 339,000,
due to cost saving measures instituted during 2016. 

Comparison of Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Revenues.  Revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was zero, compared to $194 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Revenue consists of
revenue earned under the National Institutes of Health grants for MAT2203 and MAT2501. These grants ended in 2015 we do not anticipate
any revenue for the remainder of 2016. 

Research and Development expenses. 
Research and Development expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $1.3 million compared to the prior year
period. This decrease is primarily due to a decrease in spending in clinical studies, associated with MAT9001, which were essentially
completed late in 2015. In the longer term, we expect R D expenses to increase as we implement our development programs for
MAT2203 and MAT2501. 

General and
Administrative expenses.  General and Administrative expenses for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 were
$3.3 million, approximately $300 thousand lower then the prior year, due to decrease expenses in the areas of investor
relations, legal and accounting costs, partially offset by an increase in marketing studies prepared for our primary
development products. 

Sources of Liquidity   

We have funded
our operations since inception through private placements of our equity instruments, most recently through  a preferred stock
offering. As of September 30, 2016, we have raised
approximately $29 million in net proceeds from sales of our equity securities. 

As of September
30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $33.3 million, working capital of $5.2 million and cash totaling
$6.2 million. 

2015 and 2016 Private Placements   

In March and April
2015, we completed the 2015 Private Placement, under which we sold an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock and warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. The gross proceeds to
us from the 2015 Private Placement were $10.0 million. 

In July,
August and September, 2016, we conducted a closing for a private placement of our Series A preferred stock. We sold an
aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 16,000,000 shares of common stock based
on the current conversion price. The gross proceeds to us from the 2016 Private Placement were $ 8.0 million (See Note E and
Note G, for additional information). 

Cash Flows   

The following table
sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for each of the period set forth below: 

Operating Activities   

We have incurred significant
costs in the area of research and development, including manufacturing, analytical, regulatory and clinical development costs and
costs associated with being a public company. Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $4.0 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Investing Activities   

Net cash used in
investing activities was $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net cash provided
by was $17,507 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The cash provided in investing activities in 2015 was primarily
the result of equipment purchases offset by cash acquired from the acquisition of Aquarius. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by
financing activities was $7.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to net proceeds from our preferred stock
private placement, the exercise of warrants and loan financing in the third quarter. The cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due to net proceeds of $8.5 million received from the closing of our 2015 Private
Placement. 

Funding Requirements and Other Liquidity Matters   

MAT2203 and MAT2501
are still in development stages. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable
future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

conduct
our planned Phase 2 clinical trials of MAT2203, our lead product candidate;  

initiate
and continue the research and development of our other product candidates and potential product candidates, including MAT2501;  

seek
to discover and develop additional product candidates using our cochleate lipid-crystal delivery technology platform;  

seek
regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;  

establish
a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure in the future to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory
approval;  

require
the manufacture of larger quantities of product candidates for clinical development and potentially commercialization;  

maintain,
expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;  

hire
additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; and  

add
operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development
and planned future commercialization efforts and personnel and infrastructure necessary to help us comply with our obligations
as a public company.  

We expect that our
existing cash will only be sufficient to fund
our operating expenses and capital expenditures requirements into the April 2017 period. We will need additional financing to fund
our operating expenses and to initiate and conduct our intended clinical programs, file additional patent applications and enhance
our intellectual property position for lead compounds, and prepare for submission of an NDA for MAT2203 and MAT2501, and potentially
conduct preclinical work in order to identify product candidates utilizing our cochleate delivery platform technology. We have
based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong in the future, and we may use our available capital resources sooner
than we currently expect. Unless we obtain additional financing, there is substantial doubt we can continue as a going concern. 

Until the time we can
generate substantial product revenues from commercializing MAT2203, MAT2501 or any future product candidates, if ever, we expect
to finance our cash needs through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic
alliances and/or licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted,
and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder.
Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific
actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and could increase our expenses
and require that our assets secure such debt. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing
arrangements with pharmaceutical partners, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams,
research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed,
we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights
to develop and market any product candidates under our development that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments   

On November 1,
2013, we entered into a seven year lease for office space in Bedminster, New Jersey. The commencement date and first obligation
to pay rent was June 2014, with annual rent beginning at approximately $.1 million per year, increasing to $.2 million in
the final year. 

In December 2015,
the Company renewed an agreement to lease laboratory space for one year commencing January 1, 2016 in Monmouth Junction, New
Jersey. Base rent for the year ended December 31, 2016 will be approximately $27 thousand. 

We may enter into contracts
in the normal course of business with clinical research organizations for clinical trials and clinical supply manufacturing and
with vendors for preclinical research studies, research supplies and other services and products for operating purposes. These
contracts generally provide for termination on notice, and therefore we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these
agreements are not material. 

Through our acquisition
of Aquarius, we acquired a license from Rutgers University for the cochleate delivery technology. The Amended and Restated Exclusive
License Agreement between Aquarius and Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (successor in interest to the University of
Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey) provides for, among other things, (1) royalties on a tiered basis between low single digits
and the mid-single digits of net sales of products using such licensed technology, (2) a one-time sales milestone fee of $100,000
when and if sales of products using the licensed technology reach the specified sales threshold and (3) an annual license fee of
initially $10,000, increasing to $50,000 over the term of the license agreement. 

In July 2016, the
Company entered into a Finance Agreement in the amount of $262,324, to fund the premium payments for the Director and
Officer Liability policy. The term of this agreement is 10 months, ending May 30, 2017. 

As discussed in
Note G, the Series A Preferred Stock holders have  Royalty Payment Rights  with regards to MAT2203 and/or
MAT2501. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations for our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, we may be
required to pay, subject to certain vesting requirements, in the aggregate, a royalty equal to (i) 4.5% of Net Sales (as
defined in the Certificate of Designation) from MAT 2203 and/or MAT 2501, subject in all cases to a cap of $25 million per
calendar year, and (ii) 7.5% of Licensing Proceeds (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) from MAT2203 and/or
MAT2501, subject in all cases to a cap of $10 million per calendar year. Our obligation to pay such royalty will expire when
the patents covering the applicable product expire, which is currently expected to be in 2033. 

The Company also has
employment agreements with certain employees which require the funding of a specific level of payments, if certain events, such
as a change in control, termination without cause or retirement, occur. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules, such as relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, which are often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities,
established for the purpose of facilitating financing transactions that are not required to be reflected on our balance sheets. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

Refer to Note (c)(12),
 Recent Accounting Policies,  in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion
of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3.   
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Not applicable. 

Item 4.   
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   

As of September 30,
2016, we evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30,
2016. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods
specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. The design of any disclosure control and procedure also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting.  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 1.   
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

None. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

Except as
set forth below, there were no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.,  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. You should carefully
consider these factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report which could materially affect our
business, financial condition or future results. The risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as other reports and statements that we file with the
SEC, are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Our stockholders
may be subject to substantial dilution by exercises of outstanding options and warrants, conversion of our outstanding Series A
Preferred Stock and by the future issuance of common stock to the former stockholders of Matinas Nanotechnologies pursuant to the
terms of the merger agreement.   

As of September
30, 2016, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 8,320,694 shares of our common stock at a weighted average
exercise price of $0.85 per share and outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 40,517,500 shares of our common stock
at a weighted average exercise price of $ 1.16 per share and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock which are
convertible into 16,000,000 shares of our common stock. The conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and exercise of such
outstanding options and warrants will result in dilution of the value of our shares. In addition, pursuant to the terms of
the merger agreement with Matinas Nanotechnologies, we will be required to issue up to an additional 3,000,000 shares of our
common stock upon the achievement of certain milestones. The milestone consideration consists of (i) 1,500,000 shares
issuable upon the dosing of the first patient in a phase III trial sponsored by us for a product utilizing the cochleate
delivery technology and (ii) 1,500,000 shares issuable upon FDA approval of the first NDA submitted by us for a product
utilizing the cochleate delivery technology. 

Pursuant to the terms of our outstanding Series A Preferred
Stock, we may be obligated to pay significant royalties  . 

Pursuant to the terms
of the Certificate of Designations for our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, we may be required to pay royalties of up to $35
million per year. If and when we obtain FDA or EMA approval of MAT2203 and/or MAT2501, which we do not expect to occur before 2020,
if ever, and/or if we generate sales of such products, or we receive any proceeds from the licensing or other disposition of MAT2203
or MAT2501, we are required pay to the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, subject to certain vesting requirements, in aggregate,
a royalty equal to (i) 4.5% of Net Sales (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), subject in all cases to a cap of $25 million
per calendar year, and (ii) 7.5% of Licensing Proceeds (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), subject in all cases to
a cap of $10 million per calendar year. The Royalty Payment Rights will expire when the patents covering the applicable product
expire, which is currently expected to be in 2033. 

We are obligated to pay dividends
on outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock.   

Holders of Series A
Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share of 8% per annum, payable in shares of our common
stock, which annual dividend will accumulate until such time as the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted, at which
time the accumulated dividend will be satisfied by delivery of shares of common stock at a price per share of common stock equal
to the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock then in effect. The Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert
on July 29, 2019, unless such shares are converted earlier in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations for
the Series A Preferred Stock. The payment of such dividends will result in additional dilution to our holders of our common stock. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock has
certain preference rights upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up.   

Upon any dissolution,
liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to (i) first
receive distributions out of our assets in an amount per share equal to $5.00, or the stated value, plus all accrued and unpaid
dividends, whether capital or surplus before any distributions shall be made on any shares of common stock and (ii) second, on
an as-converted basis alongside the common stock. 

Item 2.   
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

Not applicable. 

Item 3.   
       DEFAULTS UNDER SENIOR SECURITIES    

None. 

Item 4.   
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       OTHER INFORMATION    

None. 

Item 6.   
       EXHIBITS    

See the Exhibit Index
following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report,
which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.    

BY:   

/s/ Roelof Rongen   
 
      Dated:  November 14,
    2016  
      Roelof Rongen   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ Gary Gaglione   
 
      Dated:  November 14,
    2016  
      Gary Gaglione   

Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-193455), filed February 7, 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

3.3  
       
      Bylaws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-193455), filed February 7, 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

4.1  
         2016 Placement Agent Warrant
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016.)  

10.1 
        Placement Agency Agreement dated June 27, 2016 by
and between Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. and Aegis Captial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016.)  

10.2  
       
      Finder s Agreement dated July 29, 2016 by and between Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. and Aegis Captial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016.)   

*31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

*31.2  
       
      Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer   

**32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certifications   

*101.1  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.   
 
      *101.2  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   
 
      *101.3  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      *101.4  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      *101.5  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      *101.6  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

*  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **  
      Furnished herewith.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451401_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Roelof Rongen, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Roelof Rongen   

Name:  
      Roelof Rongen   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451401_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Gary Gaglione, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Gary Gaglione   

Name:  
      Gary Gaglione   

Title:  
      Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451401_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350 as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of Matinas BioPharma Holdings,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certify that to their knowledge and in their respective capacities that the Company s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Roelof Rongen   

Name:  
      Roelof Rongen   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Gary Gaglione   

Name:  
      Gary Gaglione   

Title:  
      Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

This certification shall not
be deemed  filed  for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other
document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version
of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. and will be
retained by Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mtnb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mtnb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mtnb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mtnb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mtnb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mtnb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

