<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-Q_edgar_data_1095130_0001615774-16-007630_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2526938</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57271</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>180834</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>495706</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1099391</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>645362</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007630.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014195652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007630
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARKADOS GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001095130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				223586087
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27587
		FILM NUMBER:		161937829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		211 WARREN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		862-373-1988

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		211 WARREN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDKNET COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007630.txt : 20161017

10-Q
 1
 s104331_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED:  
August 31, 2016  

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _________ TO _________  

Commission file number: 0-27587 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated 
 filer      
      Accelerated  
filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting  
company)  
      Smaller reporting  
company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

The number of the registrant s shares of common stock
outstanding as of October 14, 2016 was 13,373,167. 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC. 

 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

 Quarter Ended August 31, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page   
 
       PART I. UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      F-1   

Item 1.  Financial Statements  
      F-1 to F-16   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      4   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      7   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      7   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
      8   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      8   

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   
      8   

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      8   

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   
      8   

Item 5. Other Information   
      8   

Item 6. Exhibits   
      9   

SIGNATURES   
     10  

INTRODUCTORY NOTES  

This Report on Form 10-Q for Arkados Group, Inc. ( Arkados 
or the  Company ) may contain forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words
such as  may,   will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate  and  continue  or similar words. Forward-looking statements include information concerning possible
or assumed future business success or financial results. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because
they discuss future expectations and plans, which contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition or
state other forward-looking information. We believe that it is important to communicate future expectations to investors. However,
there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control. Accordingly, we do not undertake any obligation
to update any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the
future.  

The forward-looking statements included herein are based
on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties set forth under  Risk Factors  in our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended May 31, 2016 and May 31, 2015 and other periodic reports filed with the SEC. Accordingly,
to the extent that this Report contains forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition, operating results, business
prospects or any other aspect of the Company, please be advised that Arkados  actual financial condition, operating results
and business performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated in such forward-looking statements.  

The information contained in this report, except as specifically
dated, is as of August 31, 2016.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Page   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F   2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      F   3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F   4   

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      F   5 to F   16   

ARKADOS GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 and
2015  

  (UNAUDITED)  

1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Arkados Group, Inc. (the  Parent ) conducts business
activities principally through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Arkados, Inc. ( Arkados ) and Arkados Energy Solutions,
LLC ( AES ) (collectively, the  Company ). 

The Company underwent a significant restructuring following
December 23, 2010, during which substantially all of its assets were acquired by STMicroelectronics (sometimes referred to hereinafter
as the  Asset Sale ). Settlements reached in connection with the Asset Sale and the fulfillment of obligations in connection
therewith, have been substantially completed. 

Following the Asset Sale, the Company shifted its focus towards
the following businesses: 

Arkados - Software and hardware design and development of solutions
that enable machine to machine communications for the Internet of Things ( IoT ). Arkados  solutions are primarily focused
on industrial and commercial applications such as building automation, energy management and predictive maintenance and are uniquely
designed to drive a wide variety of full-featured, cutting edge solutions. 

AES - Energy conservation services for commercial and industrial
facilities owners and managers. AES  services include implementing energy conservation measures such as LED lighting retrofits,
oil to natural gas boiler conversions, co-generation system installation and solar PV system installations. In addition, AES sells
technology solutions designed by Arkados, Inc. and others that serve to improve the effectiveness of the measures and increases
return on investment for the customer. 

Effective March 18, 2015, the Company implemented a reverse
stock split of its outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-30 shares. All share figures and results are reflected on a post-split
basis. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements as of August 31, 2016 (unaudited) and May 31, 2016 and for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015
(unaudited) have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission including
Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals
and adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the operating results for the respective
periods. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally present in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
These financial statements and the information included under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and explanatory
notes for the year ended May 31, 2016 as disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for that year. The results of the three months ended August 31, 2016 (unaudited) are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the pending full
year ending May 31, 2017. 

2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

a.    Basis of Presentation - The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going
concern. The Company has incurred net losses of approximately $43.5 million since inception, including a net loss of approximately
$286,974 for the three months ended August 31, 2016. Additionally, the Company still had both working capital and stockholders 
deficiencies at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 and negative cash flow from operations since inception. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects to incur additional losses
in the foreseeable future and recognizes the need to raise capital to remain viable. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

b.    Principles of consolidation
- The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which include AES
and Arkados. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

c.  
      Revenue Recognition   

Arkados    

The Company enters into arrangements with end users for items
        which may include software license fees, services, maintenance and royalties or various combinations thereof. For each arrangement,
        revenues will be recognized when evidence of an agreement has been documented, the fees are fixed or determinable, collection of
        fees is probable, delivery of the product has occurred and no other significant obligations remain. 
           
         Revenues from software licensing are recognized in accordance
        with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 985-605,  Software Revenue Recognition.  Accordingly, revenue
        from software licensing is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
        delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is probable. 
           
         License revenues are recognized at the time of delivery of the
        software and all other revenue recognition criteria discussed above have been met. Deferred revenue represents license revenues
        billed but not yet earned. Sales of products are recognized when the products are shipped and the customer takes risk of ownership
        and assumes the risk of loss. Royalty income is recognized as it is earned and recorded when reported by the customer. 
           
          AES  
           
         Sales of products are recognized when the products are shipped
        and the customer takes risk of ownership and assumes the risk of loss. Service revenue is recognized when the service is completed.
        Deferred revenue represents revenues billed but not yet earned.   

d.  
      Cash and cash equivalents - The Company considers investments in highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents at both August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016.   

e.  
      Accounts receivable - Accounts receivable are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances net of allowances for uncollectible accounts. The Company provides for allowances for uncollectible receivables based on management s estimate of uncollectible amounts considering age, collection history, and any other factors considered appropriate. The Company writes off accounts receivable against the allowance for doubtful accounts when a balance is determined to be uncollectible.  At August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the Company determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not needed.   

f.  
      Fair Value of Financial Instruments - The carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying amounts of debt were also estimated to approximate fair value. As defined in ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The Company utilizes market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurement). This fair value measurement framework applies at both initial and subsequent measurement.   

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined by ASC
820 are as follows: 

Level 1   Quoted prices are available in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability
occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial
instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities and listed equities. 

Level 2   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices
in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. Level 2 includes
those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard
models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors and current
market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of
these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable
data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category
generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options and collars. 

Level 3   Pricing inputs include significant inputs that
are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result
in management s best estimate of fair value. 

g.  Earnings (Loss) Per Share ( EPS ) - Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted EPS includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock, such as
stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants and the assumed conversion of convertible notes.   

The following table summarizes the securities that
were excluded from the diluted per share calculation because the effect of including these potential shares was antidilutive even
though the exercise price could be less than the average market price of the common shares.  

h.  
      Stock Based Compensation - In computing the impact, the fair value
    of each option and/or warrant is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing
    certain assumptions for a risk-free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions
    used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, but these
    estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and the
    Company uses different assumptions, the Company s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in
    the     future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for
    those     shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company s forfeiture rate, the Company analyzed its historical
    forfeiture     rate, the remaining lives of unvested options, and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total
    options outstanding.     If the Company s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, or if the
    Company reevaluates the     forfeiture rate in the future, the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly
    different from what we have     recorded in the current period. There are no issuances of the Company s common stock,
    warrants, and options during the three months     ended August 31, 2016 and as a result there was no stock based compensation incurred during the period.    

i.  
      Use of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity based transactions and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

j.  
      Inventory - Inventory, which consists of finished goods and work-in-process ( WIP ) of AES, is valued at the lower of cost on a first-in, first-out basis or market.   Inventory consists of the following at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016.   

k.  
      Property and equipment   Property and equipment is recorded at cost.  Depreciation is computed using straight-line and accelerated methods over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.  Expenditures that enhance the useful lives of the assets are capitalized and depreciated.  Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  When properties are retired or otherwise disposed of, related costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts.   

l.  
      Research and Development  All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.   

m.  
      Foreign Currency Transactions   The Company accounts for foreign currency translation pursuant to ASC 830. The functional currency of the Company is the United States dollar. Under ASC 830, all assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into United States dollars using the current exchange rate at the end of each fiscal period. Revenues and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing throughout the respective periods. All transaction gains and losses from the measurement of monetary balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies are reflected in the statement of operations as gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions.   

n.  
      New Accounting Pronouncements   In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued authoritative guidance regarding the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is to
be applied for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods, and early adoption
is permitted. The guidance requires companies to apply the requirements retrospectively, modified retrospectively, or prospectively
depending on the amendment(s) applied. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.   

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). This guidance will be effective for public entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018 including the interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. Under
the new provisions, all lessees will report a right-of-use asset and a liability for the obligation to make payments for all leases
with the exception of those leases with a term of 12 months or less. All other leases will fall into one of two categories: (i)
Financing leases, similar to capital leases, which will require the recognition of an asset and liability, measured at the present
value of the lease payments and (ii) Operating leases which will require the recognition of an asset and liability measured at
the present value of the lease payments. Lessor accounting remains substantially unchanged with the exception that no leases entered
into after the effective date will be classified as leveraged leases. For sale leaseback transactions, the sale will only be recognized
if the criteria in the new revenue recognition standard are met. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
guidance. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, which amends the
guidance relating to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect
the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements
for financial instruments. In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing
deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means
of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is
effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under
the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . Currently deferred taxes for each tax jurisdiction are presented as a net current
asset or liability and net noncurrent asset or liability on the balance sheet. To simplify the presentation, the new guidance requires
that deferred tax liabilities and assets for all jurisdictions along with any related valuation allowances be classified as noncurrent
in a classified statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying
the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments . Changes to the accounting for measurement-period adjustments relate
to business combinations. Currently, an acquiring entity is required to retrospectively adjust the balance sheet amounts of the
acquiree recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill as a result of changes made to the balance
sheet amounts of the acquiree. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer may adjust
the balance sheet amounts recognized for a business combination (generally up to one year from the date of acquisition). The changes
eliminate the requirement to make such retrospective adjustments, and, instead require the acquiring entity to record these adjustments
in the reporting period they are determined. The new standard is effective for both public and private companies for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The amendments in this ASU defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . Public business entities should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application
is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within
that reporting period. The Company is still evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2 015-03,  Imputation
of Interest   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  This guidance requires that the debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, consistent
with the presentation of a debt discount. This amendment is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated
financial statements of adopting this new guidance but at this time does not expect it to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

All newly issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
have been deemed to be not applicable or immaterial to the Company. 

3.  ASSET SALE AND DEBT SUBJECT TO EQUITY BEING ISSUED 

In December 2010, the Company entered into an agreement to sell
substantially all of the assets (the  Asset Sale ) to STMicroelectronics, Inc. ( ST US ), a subsidiary
of STMicroelectronics N.V. ( ST ). The Asset Sale was predicated on the Company settling its secured debt and a significant
part of its unsecured debt and closed in June, 2011. The Company is negotiating with its remaining unsecured debt holders to compromise,
extend the due date or convert outstanding debt into equity. Debt holders who have agreed to settle through receipt of the Company s
equity are labeled as  Debt Subject to Equity Being Issued  on the balance sheet. Except as set forth above, there
is no binding commitment on anyone s part to complete the transactions. 

Debt Subject to Equity Being Issued  

As a direct result of the Sale of the License and IP Agreements
to ST US and the mandate to obtain debt releases, the Company has been able to reach settlements with its secured creditors and
employees, with cash payments to the secured creditors made as of the December 2010 and June 2011 closings. Nothing further is
owed to the Company s secured creditors. There remains, however, approximately $179,000 of payments due the former employees
as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, there remained $456,930
of debts that have been settled with debt holders who have agreed to accept equity for their remaining debt. 

4.  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 

As of August 31, 2016
and May 31, 2016, accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following amounts: 

5.    NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTY
PAYABLES AND DEBT SUBJECT TO EQUITY BEING ISSUED  

Notes Payable   

Notes payable transactions include the following:  

FY 2016 (Year Ended May 31, 2016) Transactions:  

In January 2016, the Company executed a Promissory Note for a loan
in the principal amount of $60,000. The Promissory Note bears interest at 6% per year, compounded quarterly, and matures on January
15, 2017. The proceeds from the Promissory Note were used to partially repay two Convertible Notes as discussed below. 

On January 8, 2016, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement
with the noteholders of the Convertible Notes that were in default. On January 15, 2016, the Company applied the proceeds of the
new Promissory Note together with the issuance of 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock, to the payment of two outstanding
6% Convertible Notes that were in default having the aggregate outstanding principal amount of $130,000.  In exchange for
the payment and the shares, the holders of the outstanding 6% Convertible Notes surrendered their notes, and the Company issued
a new 6% Convertible Note December 31, 2016 to them in the original principal amount of $40,000.  The new Convertible Note
bears interest at the rate of 6% per year, compounded quarterly, and matures on December 31, 2016. At any time during the term
of the Convertible Note, the holders have the right to convert any unpaid portion of the Convertible Note and accrued interest
into shares of common stock at an original conversion price of $1.20 per share. There is no beneficial conversion feature. The
holders further agreed that their extension of the maturity of the outstanding Convertible Notes had been effective from October
31, 2015 until January 15, 2016. 

On March 31, 2016 and May 6, 2016, the Company executed Promissory
Notes for loans, each in the amount of $10,000. The Promissory Notes bear interest at 6% per year, compounded quarterly. Both notes
matured on June 30, 2016 and are now bearing annual interest of 12%. The proceeds from the Promissory Note were used to partially
repay two Convertible Notes as discussed below. 

FY 2017 (Year Ended May 31, 2017):  

In August 2016 the Company issued a promissory note in the amount
of $150,000 with a maturity date in January 2017. The loan bears interest at 10% per annum compounded quarterly. 

6.    STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY  

FY 2016 (Year Ended May 31, 2016):     

d.    On February 23, 2016,
we entered into a consulting agreement with. LPF Communications under which LPF Communications is to provide certain investor
relations services for a period of up to six months. We have agreed to pay for the services by issuing two tranches of 150,000
shares of our Common Stock each, with the second tranche becoming issuable only if we do not terminate the consulting agreement
on or prior to June 8, 2016. Pursuant to the agreement, we issued the first tranche of 150,000 shares to the consultant on April
8, 2016.  

f.    On April 28, 2016, the
Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased intangible assets valued at $249,113
in exchange for 166,667 shares of the Company's common stock and a warrant to purchase 166,667 shares of the Company's common
stock at $2.00 per share. As a result of management's evaluation, the intangible asset was deemed impaired and thus fully written
off to selling, general and administrative expense of the income statement.  

FY 2017 (Year Ended May 31, 2017):    

There were no issuances of common
stock during the period ended August 31, 2016. 

7.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

The Company accounted for its stock based compensation in accordance
with the fair value recognition provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . 

A. Options 

The Company issued options to purchase an aggregate of 4,100,000
shares of the Company s common stock in the year ended May 31, 2016, 2,100,000 of which were granted outside of the 2004
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the  2004 Plan ). There were no options granted during the three months ended
August 31, 2016. 

Compensation based stock option activity for qualified and unqualified
stock options are summarized as follows: 

The compensation expense attributed to the issuance of the options
will be recognized as they vested/earned. These stock options are exercisable for three to ten years from the grant date. 

The employee stock option plan stock options are exercisable for
ten years from the grant date and vest over various terms from the grant date to three years. 

B. Warrants 

The issuance of warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common
stock including those attributed to debt issuances are summarized as follows: 

Issuances of warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common
stock were as follows: 

FY 2016 (Year Ended May 31, 2016):  

As discussed in Note
8, in addition to common stock, the Company also issued warrants to purchase 833,334 shares of the Company's common stock under
the PPO.  

In November 2015, a
warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $1.00 per share was issued to a vendor as a bonus payment
for services rendered in connection with a software development agreement. The warrant issued was valued using the Black Scholes
option pricing model under the following assumptions: stock price $ 1.00  strike price $ 1.00  expected volatility 87.54% 
risk free interest rate 1.21%  dividend rate 0%  and expected term 3years. The value of the warrant totaling $139,928
was charged as research and development.  

In November 2015, a
warrant to purchase 33,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $1.00 per share was issued to a consultant for services rendered
under a consulting contract. The warrant issued was valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions:
stock price $ 1.00  strike price $1.00  expected volatility 87.54%  risk free interest rate 1.21%  dividend
rate 0%  and expected term 3years. The value of the warrant totaling $18,471 was charged as consulting. See Note 11.  

On April 28, 2016, the
Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased intangible assets in exchange for 166,667
shares of the Company's common stock and a warrant to purchase 166,667 shares of the Company's common stock at $2.00 per share.
The warrant issued was valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions: stock price $ 0.75 
strike price $2.00  expected volatility 293%  risk free interest rate .93%  dividend rate 0%  and expected
term 3years. The value of the warrant totaling $124,000 was included in the cost of the intangible which was fully impaired as
of May 31, 2016.  

FY 2017 (Year Ended May 31, 2017):  

There were no warrants granted during the three months ended August
31, 2016. 

The expense attributed to the issuances of the warrants was recognized
as they vested/earned. These warrants are exercisable for three years from the grant date. 

8.  LICENSE AGREEMENTS 

Master Agreement   License of ( PEMS-SF  )  

On July 10, 2014, the Company entered into a Master
Agreement to license our Process and Event Management System ( PEMS-SF  ) with Tatung Corporation ( Tatung ). 

The basic fee generation structure of the Agreement allows for (1)
a one-time licensing fee for each PEMS-SF-enabled stations or subsystems installed, (2) separate fees of up to 10% of the software
fees for software updates, maintenance and technical support, (3) on-going service fees based on units of products manufactured
utilizing PEMS-SF; and (4) an annual service fee for cloud-based services and data storage. 

The Master Agreement has a year-to-year term but
can be terminated by either party upon sixty (60) days  advance written notice. Upon termination or expiration of this agreement,
we are not required to provide any continuing or ongoing processing of data or other services that, pursuant to a sub-agreement,
are discontinued upon termination, however, the customer shall retain any perpetual rights granted in a sub-agreement or schedule.
The term of any sub-agreements is concomitant and co-terminus with the Master Agreement term. 

Revenue recognized under the Master Agreement amounted to $13,583
and $66,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Agreement   License of Meter Collar and
Bridge Programmable Logic   

In October 2014, the Company entered into a year-to-year term agreement
with Tatung to license its meter collar and bridge programmable logic controllers. The license is paid on a per copy (ordered)
fee, and is on a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable basis. 

Revenue recognized under the agreement amounted to $-0- and $42,500
for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

In March, 2015 the Company entered into a one-year agreement, with
automatic one year renewals until terminated by either party with sixty (60) days  notice, with Tatung to provide services
in the area of business development and as a representative to sell its products. Tatung will pay a monthly retainer fee for this
service. Revenue recognized under this agreement was approximately $60,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016.   

9.    COMMITMENTS  

Leases  

Effective October 1, 2014 as amended on January 15, 2015, the Company
entered a lease for its office space at a total monthly rental of $1,874. The lease expired on January 15, 2016. The Company renewed
this lease until January 15, 2017 at a monthly rental of $2,034. It can be renewed for two additional one-year terms upon its expiration. 

Our AES subsidiary leases offices in Jericho, New York. The facility
is approximately 1,850 square feet, occupied pursuant to a lease that commenced on August 1, 2015 and expires September 30, 2018.
The average annual rent over the term of the lease is approximately $57,300. This amount does not include taxes for the premises. 

Rent expense for all locations including occupancy costs for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $22,777 and $10,766, respectively. 

Consulting Agreements  

None in the three months ended August 31, 2016. 

10.    CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT
RISK  

Cash  

The Company maintains principally all cash balances in two financial
institutions which, at times, may exceed the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The exposure to the Company
is solely dependent upon daily bank balances and the respective strength of the financial institutions. The Company has not incurred
any losses on these accounts. 

Net Sales  

Two customers accounted for 94% of net sales for the three ended
August 31, 2016, as set forth below: 

11.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

There were no related party transactions during the period. 

12.    BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION  

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had two operating segments, Arkados
and AES. 

The Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types
of service, customers and methods used to provide their services. The operating results of these business segments are regularly
reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker. 

The accounting policies of each of the segments are the same as
those described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The Company evaluates performance based primarily on income
(loss) from operations 

Information
about segments is as follows:  

On September 15, 2016, the Company entered into two
consulting agreements with two consultants, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 200,000 shares of common stock to
each consultant in exchange for certain consulting services. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Overview  

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to help the reader understand the Company s financial
condition and results of operations. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial
statements and the accompanying notes thereto. 

Arkados Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries
(together, the  Company ), is a global provider of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things solutions focused
on industrial automation and energy management. We execute our business as a software developer, system integrator and services
business focused on developing unique, cutting-edge solutions that enable machine to machine communications with specific applications
for Smart Lighting, Smart Factory and Smart Building. Additionally, we work with commercial property owners and managers to optimize
energy efficiency in their facilities through various energy conservation measure, such as LED lighting retrofits, oil-to-natural
gas boiler conversions, solar PV system installations and co-generation system installation. Ultimately, we utilize our technology
solutions to deliver full featured products that help our customers to maximize their return on investment and reduce their energy
consumption. 

We remain engaged in the process of seeking
settlements with certain of our unsecured creditors from the periods prior to the sale of certain of our assets to STMicroelectronics
in December 2010 (the  Asset Sale ). 

We have executed several agreements that have enabled us to provide
the services contemplated in the industrial automation industry. Although we have begun to generate revenue from operations of
our Arkados, Inc. subsidiary, this revenue is not sufficient to meet our monthly operating expenses and we remain dependent on
outside sources of financing to fund our operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to secure any amount of investment
for this or any other purpose. If we are unable to obtain financing, we may be forced to limit or cease our operations. 

We effected a reverse 1-for-30 split of our common stock on March
18, 2015 and also amended our bylaws, both of which were approved by our shareholders. More information on these actions may be
reviewed in our Information Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 24, 2015. 

Corporate Background  

Arkados Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and carries out its
activities through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Arkados, Inc., a Delaware corporation and Arkados Energy Solutions, LLC ( AES ),
a Delaware limited liability company. Arkados, Inc. and AES combine to create opportunities to exploit the growth in the Internet
of Things across multiple verticals with our software solutions, while simultaneously building a focus in smart facility (building,
factory, school, hospital, etc.) applications based on our core advantages in industrial types of environments. We are based in
Newark, New Jersey at the Economic Development Corporation at the New Jersey Institute of Technology. The Company s shares
trade on the Over-The-Counter QB market under the ticker symbol AKDS. 

Following the Asset Sale, the Company shifted its focus towards
development of a universal platform that provides software solutions for Internet of Things applications primarily in the areas
of energy management, health care, smart industrial machines and smart factory. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016
AND 2015.  

For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016  

For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2015  

Variance  

Revenue for the three months ended August 31, 2016 increased by
$317,651 mainly due to increased revenue from our AES segment. This revenue is derived mainly from the installation of LED lighting
retrofit services. 

Gross profit for the three months ended August
31, 2016  decreased by $62,358 mainly due to lower margins for a particular job and reduced sales in the Arkados segment
offset by increased sales in the AES segment. 

We are highly dependent on a small number of customers. For the
three months ended August 31, 2016, two customers accounted for 94% of our revenue. For the three months ended August 31, 2015,
two customers accounted for 100% of our revenue. The complete loss of or significant reduction in business from, or a material
adverse change in the financial condition of any of our customers could cause a material and adverse change in our revenues and
operating results. 

As of August 31, 2016, two customers held 92% of our accounts receivable.
Two customers held 94% of our accounts receivable as of May 31, 2016. 

Income from operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016
increased by $243,462 over the same period in 2015, mainly due to increased revenue. 

Interest expense on our existing debt for the three
months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $9,651 and $7,414, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal source of operating capital has been provided in by
the private placement of convertible debt securities. We do not have any significant sources of revenue or recurring profits from
our operations. We may be unable to raise additional working capital through sales of our equity and debt securities. Through August
31, 2016, we have depended, in substantial part, upon loans from investors evidenced by convertible notes, and there are no assurances
that investors will make any additional loans to us, in which case we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

As of August 31, 2016, we had cash of $5,656 as compared to $56,172
as of May 31, 2016. 

Operating Activities  

Operating activities used $200,516 in cash for the three months
ended August 31, 2016, compared to $447,372 for the three months ended August 31, 2015. The decrease in cash was primarily attributable to funding our operations for the period. 

Investing Activities  

For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, net cash used in
investing activities was $-0-. 

Financing Activities  

For the three months ended August 31, 2016, net cash provided
by financing activities was $150,000, compared to $503,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2015. The Company received proceeds of $150,000 for a short-term note due January 15,
2017. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our significant
accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended May 31, 2016. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective or complex judgments,
often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies
are limited to equity based transactions or convertible debt instruments. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical
experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. For additional discussion of our critical accounting policies, see our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May
31, 2016. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

We strive to maintain a set of disclosure controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As a result of
this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for the period ended August 31, 2016 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Section 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) for our Company.
Our sole officer and director, who is chief executive officer and is also acting in the capacity of principal accounting officer,
conducted an evaluation of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period
covered by this report, based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this evaluation, we concluded that our financial reporting
controls and procedures were not effective for the period ended August 31, 2016. Due to its small size and limited financial resources,
the Company has only one employee involved in accounting and financial reporting and relies on outside contractors for the majority
of its accounting. As a result of engaging an outside accounting firm to assist with our books, there is some added segregation
of duties within the accounting function and financial control, however, all aspects of physical control of cash remains in the
hands of the same employee. Our Chief Executive Officer is currently seeking to retain a full-time chief financial officer and
to put in place additional compensating levels of controls to provide for greater segregation of duties. As of the date of this
quarterly report, however, we have not employed a separate chief financial officer, and the chief executive officer continues to
act as our Principal Accounting Officer. 

There has been no significant change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

None. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

There has been no material change in any of the matters set forth
in Item 3 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 and no new litigation commenced since the filing
of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K that would be required to be disclosed in response to this Item. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information
set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016 which could materially affect our business, financial
condition or future results. There have been no other material changes during the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016 to the risk
factors discussed in the periodic reports noted above that have not already been disclosed in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 . 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

(a) Exhibits. 

32.1     Certificate of Chief
Executive Officer/Principal Accounting Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 

101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labeled Document 

101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ARKADOS GROUP, INC.    
 
      Dated: October 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Terrence DeFranco   

Terrence DeFranco   

President and Chief Executive Officer,   

Principal Accounting Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104331_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Terrence DeFranco, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Arkados Group, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Terrence DeFranco   

Terrence DeFranco  

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 s104331_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Arkados Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Terrence DeFranco, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63,
Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.   

Date: October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Terrence DeFranco   

Terrence DeFranco  

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 akds-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 akds-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 akds-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 akds-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 akds-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 akds-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

