<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1534254_0001534254-16-000352_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5169298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207409</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>55319</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3506611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>65</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001534254-16-000352.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110184157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001534254-16-000352
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CION Investment Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534254
		IRS NUMBER:				453058280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00941
		FILM NUMBER:		161989562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		36TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 - 418 - 4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		36TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	C&#298;ON Investment Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001534254-16-000352.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 body.htm
 THIRD QUARTER 2016 FINANCIALS

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

For the quarterly period ended        September 30,
2016   

   OR   

For the transition period from __________ to __________  

  Commission File Number         000-54755     

C ON Investment Corporation   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
  charter)  

Maryland   

45-3058280   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
    Identification No.)  

3 Park Avenue, 36 th  Floor 
  New York, New York   

10016   

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(212) 418-4700   

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Not applicable   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
  if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.                                                    

Yes [x] No [  ]  

  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted   electronically    and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).  

  Yes [  ] No [  ]  

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [  ]  

Accelerated filer [  ]  

Non-accelerated filer [x]     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company [  ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    

   Yes [  ] No [x]  

  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value,
outstanding as of November 9, 2016 was 108,257,916.   

C ON INVESTMENT CORPORATION   

       FORM 10-Q   

   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements    

1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets    

1  

Consolidated Statements of Operations    

2  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets    

3  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

4  

Consolidated Schedules of Investments    

5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    

12  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations    

45  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
  Risk    

64  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

65  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

66  

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

66  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
  Proceeds    

66  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

66  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

66  

Item 5. Other Information    

66  

Item 6. Exhibits    

67  

Signatures    

70  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

    Item
1. Financial Statements    

      C ON
Investment Corporation    

      Consolidated Balance
Sheets    

    (in thousands, except share and per share
amounts)    

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

   1   

C ON In    vestment Corporation      

      Consolidated Statements of
Operations      

      (in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)      

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

   2   

C ON Investm    ent Corporation      

      Consolidated Statements of
Changes in Net Assets      

      (in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)      

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.   

   3   

C ON Investment Corporation      

      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      

      (in thousands)          

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

   4   

C ON
Investment Corporation     

    Consolidated Schedule of Investments
(unaudited)    

    September 30, 2016        

    (in thousands)        

5   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments (unaudited) (continued)      

      September 30, 2016      

      (in thousands)      

6   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments (unaudited) (continued)      

      September 30, 2016      

      (in thousands)      

7   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments (unaudited) (continued)      

      September 30, 2016      

      (in thousands)      

(a)   

All of the Company s investments are issued by eligible U.S.
  portfolio companies, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
  amended, or the 1940 Act, except for investments specifically identified as
  non-qualifying per note (h) below. Except for C ON / Capitala Senior
  Loan Fund I, LLC, or CCSLF, the Company does not control and is not an
  affiliate of any of the portfolio companies in its investment portfolio. See
  Note 6 for a description of the Company s investment in CCSLF. Unless
  specifically identified in note (p) below, investments do not contain a
  paid-in-kind, or PIK, interest provision.  

(b)  

The 1, 2, 3, 6, and 12 month London Interbank Offered Rate, or
  LIBOR, rates were 0.53%, 0.65%, 0.85%, 1.24%, and 1.55%, respectively, as of
  September 30, 2016.  The actual LIBOR rate for each loan listed may not be
  the applicable LIBOR rate as of September 30, 2016, as the loan may have been
  priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate prior to or subsequent to September
  30, 2016. The 3 month Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, rate was
  (0.30%) as of September 30, 2016.   

(c)   

Fair value determined by the Company s board of directors (see
  Note 9).   

(d)  

Denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.  

(e)  

As discussed in Note 11, on September 30, 2016, the Company was
  committed, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, to fund an additional
  $1,119, $770, $2,500, $1,111, and $4,127 to ABG Intermediate Holdings 2 LLC,
  American Media, Inc., Elemica Holdings, Inc., Ivy Hill Middle Market Credit
  Fund VIII, Ltd., and Studio Movie Grill Holdings, LLC, respectively. As of
  November 7, 2016, the Company was committed, upon the satisfaction of certain
  conditions, to fund an additional $1,119, $830, $2,500, $1,111, and $4,127 to
  ABG Intermediate Holdings 2 LLC, American Media, Inc., Elemica Holdings,
  Inc., Ivy Hill Middle Market Credit Fund VIII, Ltd., and Studio Movie Grill
  Holdings, LLC, respectively.  

(f)   

The CLO subordinated notes are considered equity positions in
  the CLO vehicles and are not rated. Equity investments are entitled to
  recurring distributions, which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow
  of the payments made by the underlying vehicle's securities less contractual
  payments to debt holders and expenses. The estimated yield indicated is based
  upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these recurring
  distributions and the estimated amount of repayment of principal upon
  termination. Such projections are periodically reviewed and adjusted, and the
  estimated yield may not ultimately be realized.  

(g)  

Great Lakes CLO 2014-1 Class E Notes, Ivy Hill Middle Market
  Credit Fund VII Class E Notes and NXT Capital CLO 2014-1 Class E Notes were
  rated Ba2 on Moody's credit scale as of September 30, 2016. JFIN CLO 2014
  Class E Notes were rated BB on S P's credit scale as of September 30,
  2016.  

(h)  

The investment or a portion thereof is not a qualifying asset
  under the 1940 Act. A business development company may not acquire any asset
  other than qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made,
  qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the Company s total assets as
  defined under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. As of September 30, 2016, 91.7% of
  the Company s total assets represented qualifying assets. In addition, as
  described in Note 7, the Company calculates its compliance with the
  qualifying asset test on a  look through  basis by treating each loan
  underlying the total return swap as either a qualifying asset or non-qualifying
  asset based on whether the obligor is an eligible portfolio company. On this
  basis, 90.3% of the Company s total assets represented qualifying assets as
  of September 30, 2016.  

(i)  

In addition to the interest earned based on the stated interest
  rate of this loan, which is the amount reflected in this schedule, the
  Company may be entitled to receive additional amounts as a result of an
  arrangement between the Company and other lenders in the syndication in
  exchange for lower payment priority.  

(j)  

Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that
  invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of
  three months or less.  

(k)  

7-day effective yield as of September 30, 2016.  

(l)  

Investment or a portion thereof was pledged as collateral
  supporting the amounts outstanding, if any, under the revolving credit
  facility with East West Bank as of September 30, 2016 (see Note 8).  

(m)  

Investment or a portion thereof held within the Company s
  wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary, 34th Street Funding, LLC, or 34th
  Street, and was pledged as collateral supporting the amounts outstanding
  under the credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, or
  JPM, as of September 30, 2016 (see Note 8).  

(n)  

Non-income producing security.  

(o)  

Represents amortized cost for debt securities and cost for
  equity investments.  

(p)  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the following
  investments contain a PIK interest provision whereby the issuer has either
  the option or the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of
  additional securities:  

Interest Rate   

Interest Amount   

Portfolio Company   

Investment Type   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Cash   

PIK   

Total   

Elements
  Behavioral Health, Inc.  

Senior Secured
  Second Lien Debt  

-  

13.00%  

13.00%  

$  

-  

$  

514  

$  

514  

Rimini Street,
  Inc.  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

12.00%  

3.00%  

15.00%  

$  

183  

$  

46  

$  

229  

Sequoia
  Healthcare Management, LLC  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

12.00%  

4.00%  

16.00%  

$  

2  

$  

1  

$  

3  

Smile Brands
  Group, Inc.(q)  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

7.50%  

1.50%  

9.00%  

$  

197  

$  

34  

$  

231  

Southcross
  Holdings Borrower LP(r)      

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

3.50%  

5.50%  

9.00%  

$  

2  

$  

2  

$  

4  

Spinal USA, Inc.
  / Precision Medical Inc.  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

-  

10.50%  

10.50%  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

TexOak Petro
  Holdings LLC  

Senior Secured
  Second Lien Debt  

-  

8.00%  

8.00%  

$  

-  

$  

1  

$  

1  

(q)  

Outstanding principal and accrued interest of the underlying
  loan was fully repaid on August 17, 2016.  

(r)      

Prior to September 30, 2016, the underlying loan was assigned to
  the Company and removed from the TRS.  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
  financial statements.  

8   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments      

      December 31, 2015      

      (in thousands)      

9   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments (continued)      

      December 31, 2015      

      (in thousands)      

10   

C ON Investment Corporation

Consolidated Schedule of
Investments (continued)      

      December 31, 2015      

      (in thousands)      

(a)   

All of the Company s investments are issued by eligible U.S.
  portfolio companies, as defined in the 1940 Act, except for investments
  specifically identified as non-qualifying per note (g) below. Except for
  CCSLF, the Company does not control and is not an affiliate of any of the
  portfolio companies in its investment portfolio. Unless specifically
  identified in note (l) below, investments do not contain a PIK interest
  provision.  

(b)  

The 1 and 3 month LIBOR rates were 0.43% and 0.61%,
  respectively, as of December 31, 2015.  The actual LIBOR rate for each loan
  listed may not be the applicable LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2015, as the
  loan may have been priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate prior to or
  subsequent to December 31, 2015.  

(c)   

Fair value determined by the Company s board of directors (see
  Note 9).   

(d)  

As discussed in Note 11, the Company was committed, upon the
  satisfaction of certain conditions, to fund an additional $1,207, $1,069, and
  $1,128 as of December 31, 2015 and March 11, 2016 to ECI Acquisition
  Holdings, Inc., Studio Movie Grill Holdings, LLC, and ABG Intermediate
  Holdings 2 LLC, respectively.  

(e)   

The CLO subordinated notes are considered equity positions in
  the CLO vehicles and are not rated. Equity investments are entitled to
  recurring distributions, which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow
  of the payments made by the underlying vehicle's securities less contractual
  payments to debt holders and expenses. The estimated yield indicated is based
  upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these recurring
  distributions and the estimated amount of repayment of principal upon
  termination. Such projections are periodically reviewed and adjusted, and the
  estimated yield may not ultimately be realized.  

(f)  

Great Lakes CLO 2014-1 Class E Notes, Ivy Hill Middle Market
  Credit Fund VII Class E Notes and NXT Capital CLO 2014-1 Class E Notes were
  rated Ba2 on Moody's credit scale as of December 31, 2015. JFIN CLO 2014
  Class E Notes were rated BB on S P's credit scale as of December 31,
  2015.  

(g)  

The investment is not a qualifying asset under the 1940 Act. A
  business development company may not acquire any asset other than qualifying
  assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets
  represent at least 70% of the Company s total assets as defined under Section
  55 of the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2015, 90.0% of the Company s total
  assets represented qualifying assets. In addition, as described in Note 7,
  the Company calculates its compliance with the qualifying asset test on a
   look through  basis by treating each loan underlying the total return swap
  as either a qualifying asset or non-qualifying asset based on whether the
  obligor is an eligible portfolio company. On this basis, 87.2% of the
  Company s total assets represented qualifying assets as of December 31, 2015.  

(h)  

Position or portion thereof unsettled as of December 31, 2015.  

(i)  

Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that
  invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of
  three months or less.  

(j)  

Effective yield as of December 31, 2015 was  0.01%.  

(k)  

Investment or a portion thereof was pledged as collateral
  supporting the amounts outstanding, if any, under the revolving credit
  facility with East West Bank as of December 31, 2015 (see Note 8).  

(l)  

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the following investments
  contain a PIK interest provision whereby the issuer has either the option or
  the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of additional
  securities:  

Interest Rate   

Interest Amount   

Portfolio Company   

Investment Type   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Elements
  Behavioral Health, Inc.(m)  

Senior Secured
  Second Lien Debt  

9.75%  

2.00%  

11.75%  

$  

495  

$  

32  

$  

527  

Smile Brands
  Group, Inc.  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

7.50%  

1.50%  

9.00%  

$  

328  

$  

11  

$  

339  

(m)  

Subsequent to December 31, 2015, Elements Behavioral Health,
  Inc. notified the Company that it would not make its scheduled interest
  payment due on February 12, 2016. As a result, the Company entered into a new
  Forbearance Agreement and Eighth Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement,
  which, among other things, modified the interest rate to LIBOR plus 12% and
  specified that all interest shall be paid-in-kind on each interest payment
  date through the earlier of the forbearance period termination or September
  30, 2016. The investment has not been placed on non-accrual status as the
  Company believes that all principal and interest is likely to be collected.  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
  financial statements.  

11   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Note 1. Organization and Principal Business    

   C ON Investment Corporation, or the
Company, was incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of
Maryland on August 9, 2011. On December 17, 2012, the Company successfully
raised gross proceeds from unaffiliated outside investors of at least $2,500,
or the minimum offering requirement, and commenced operations. The Company is
an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company
that has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC,
under the 1940 Act. The Company elected to be treated for federal income tax
purposes as a regulated investment company, or RIC, as defined under Subchapter
M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code.    

   The Company s
investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent,
capital appreciation for investors.   The Company s
portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in senior secured debt,
including first lien loans, second lien loans and unitranche loans, and, to a
lesser extent, collateralized securities, structured products and other similar
securities, unsecured debt, including corporate bonds and long-term
subordinated loans, referred to as mezzanine loans, and equity of private and
thinly traded U.S. middle-market companies.   

   The Company is
managed by C ON Investment Management, LLC, or CIM, a registered
investment adviser and an affiliate of the Company. CIM oversees the management
of the Company s activities and is responsible for making investment decisions
for the Company s investment portfolio. The Company and CIM have engaged Apollo
Investment Management, L.P., or AIM, a subsidiary of Apollo Global Management,
LLC, or, together with its subsidiaries, Apollo, a leading global alternative
investment manager, to act as the Company s investment sub-adviser.    On November 1, 2016, the board of directors of the
Company, including a majority of the board of directors who are not interested
persons, approved the renewal of the investment sub-advisory agreement with AIM
for a period of twelve months commencing December 17, 2016.   

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

    Basis of Presentation and Consolidation    

   The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, for
interim financial information and pursuant to the instructions for Form 10-Q
and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.
For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain
other information, the Company s interim unaudited consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with its audited consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and for the year then ended
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Operating results for
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016. The consolidated
balance sheet and the consolidated schedule of investments as of
December 31, 2015 are derived from the 2015 audited consolidated financial
statements. The consolidated financial statements for all periods include the
accounts of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company does not
consolidate its interest in CCSLF. See Note 6 for a description of the
Company s investment in CCSLF.   

   The Company is
considered an investment company as defined in Accounting Standards Update
Topic 946,    Financial Services - Investment Companies   , or ASU 946.
Accordingly, the required disclosures as outlined in ASU 946 are included in
the Company s consolidated financial statements.   

   The
Company evaluates subsequent events through the date that the consolidated
financial statements are issued.   

    Recently Adopted Accounting Standards    

   In February 2015, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued ASU 2015-02,    Consolidation:
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   , or ASU 2015-02, which amends the
criteria for determining which entities are considered variable interest
entities, or VIEs, amends the criteria for determining if a service provider
possesses a variable interest in a VIE and ends the deferral granted to
investment companies for application of the VIE consolidation model. This guidance
was adopted by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2016, which
did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. In addition, no prior-period information was retrospectively
adjusted as a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-02.   

12   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,      Interest - Imputation of Interest:
Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   , or ASU 2015-03, which
requires that loan costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in
the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt
liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. ASU 2015-03 requires
retrospective application and represents a change in accounting principle.  In
August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,      Interest
- Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt
Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   , or ASU 2015-15,
which allows an entity to continue to present line of credit issuance costs as
an asset, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the
line of credit.      This
guidance was adopted by the Company during the three months ended March 31,
2016    .     N    o prior-period information was retrospectively adjusted as a
result of the adoption of this guidance. As a result, unamortized debt issuance
costs of $115 are presented as prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated
balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 as the Company has no recognized debt
liability associated with these costs. In addition, unamortized debt issuance
costs of $    3,485
were directly deducted from the carrying amount of the associated debt
liability     in the consolidated
balance sheet as of September 30, 2016    .    

   In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07   ,            Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That
Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)    ,          or ASU 2015-07,       which removes the requirement
to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair
value is measured using the net asset value per share practical
expedient.  ASU 2015-07 requires retrospective application and represents
a change in accounting principle.  This guidance was adopted by the Company
during the three months ended March 31, 2016, which     did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. In addition, no prior-period
information was retrospectively adjusted as a result of the adoption of ASU
2015-07.   

    Cash and Cash Equivalents    

   Cash and cash
equivalents include cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original
maturity dates of three months or less. The Company s cash and cash equivalents
are held principally at one financial institution and at times may exceed
insured limits. The Company periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of this
institution and has not experienced any losses on such deposits.   

    Short Term Investments    

   Short term
investments include an investment in a U.S. Treasury obligations fund, which
seeks to provide current income and daily liquidity by purchasing U.S. Treasury
securities and repurchase agreements that are collateralized by such
securities. The Company had $56,771 and $18,892 of such investments at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which are included in
investments, at fair value on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
on the consolidated schedules of investments.         

    Offering, Organizational and Other
Pre-Effective Costs    

   Offering
costs include, among other things, legal fees and other costs pertaining to the
preparation of the Company s registration statements in connection with the
continuous public offerings of the Company s shares. Certain offering costs
were funded by CIG and its affiliates and there was no liability for these
offering costs to the Company until CIG and its affiliates submitted such costs
for reimbursement. Upon meeting the minimum offering requirement on December
17, 2012, the Company incurred and capitalized offering costs of $1,000 that
were submitted for reimbursement by CIG (see Note 4). These costs were fully
amortized over a twelve month period as an adjustment to capital in excess of
par value. The remaining offering costs funded by CIG and its affiliates were
incurred when CIG and its affiliates submitted such costs for reimbursement
during the year ended     December
31, 2014.    

   Organizational
costs include, among other things, the cost of organizing the Company as a
Maryland corporation, including the cost of legal services and other fees
pertaining to the organization of the Company. All organizational costs were
funded by CIG and its affiliates and there was no liability for these organizational
costs to the Company until CIG and its affiliates submitted such costs for
reimbursement. The Company incurred these costs when CIG and its affiliates
submitted such costs for reimbursement during the year ended December 31, 2014.   

13   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The following table summarizes offering,
organizational and other costs incurred by CIG and by the Company from January
31, 2012 (Inception) through     September
30, 2016    :   

(1)  

CIG incurred all offering, organizational and other costs prior
  to the commencement of operations on December 17, 2012. Subsequent to the
  commencement of operations, the Company incurred all offering and
  organizational costs and such costs, including reimbursement of costs
  originally incurred by CIG, will not exceed 1.5% of the actual gross proceeds
  raised from the offerings. See Note 4 for actual gross proceeds raised from
  the offerings and the amount of offering and organizational costs that can be
  paid by the Company.  

(2)  

Of this amount, $1,000 of costs charged directly to equity were
  submitted for reimbursement by CIG on December 17, 2012.  Of the remaining
  amount, $592 and $420 of costs charged directly to operating expense were submitted
  for reimbursement by CIG during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and
  December 31, 2014, respectively.  

(3)  

Unless otherwise noted, offering costs incurred directly by the
  Company are included in general and administrative expense on the
  consolidated statements of operations.   

(4)  

Amounts represent general and administrative expenses,
  consisting primarily of professional fees and insurance expense, incurred by
  CIG related to the Company prior to December 17, 2012. For Financial Industry
  Regulatory Authority, Inc., or FINRA, purposes, these costs are treated as
  offering and organizational costs and are subject to reimbursement by the
  Company in accordance with the investment advisory agreement.  

(5)  

Of this amount, $21 is presented as Due to CIG - offering,
  organizational and other costs and the remainder is included in accounts
  payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet at September
  30, 2016.  

14   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Income Taxes    

   The Company elected to be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify
and maintain qualification as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet
certain source of income and asset diversification requirements and distribute
to shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of the Company s
 investment company taxable income , which is generally the Company s net
ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital
gains over realized net long-term capital losses. If the Company continues to qualify
as a RIC and continues to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, the
Company will not have to pay corporate level federal income taxes on any income
that the Company distributes to its shareholders. The Company intends to make
distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain RIC status each year and to
avoid any federal income taxes on income. The Company will also be subject to
nondeductible federal excise taxes if the Company does not distribute at least
98.0% of net ordinary income, 98.2% of capital gains, if any, and any
recognized and undistributed income from prior years for which it paid no
federal income taxes.   

Two of the
Company s wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries, View ITC, LLC and View Rise,
LLC, collectively the Taxable Subsidiaries, have elected to be taxable entities
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, may generate an income tax
liability. The Taxable Subsidiaries are not consolidated with the Company for
income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the
related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of its ownership of certain
portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if any, and related
tax assets and liabilities, where material, are reflected in the Company s
consolidated financial statements. There were no deferred tax assets or
liabilities as of September 30, 2016.   

   Book/tax
differences relating to permanent differences are reclassified among the
Company s capital accounts, as appropriate. Additionally, the tax character of distributions
is determined in accordance with income tax regulations that may differ from
GAAP (see Note 5).    

    Uncertainty in Income Taxes     

   The Company evaluates
its tax positions to determine if the tax positions taken meet the minimum
recognition threshold for the purposes of measuring and recognizing tax
liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. Recognition of a tax
benefit or liability with respect to an uncertain tax position is required only
when the position is  more likely than not  to be sustained assuming
examination by the taxing authorities. The Company recognizes interest and
penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense
in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not have any
uncertain tax positions during the periods presented herein.    

   The Company is subject to examination by U.S. federal, New
York State, New York City and Maryland income tax jurisdictions for 2012, 2013,
2014, and 2015.   

    Use of Estimates    

   The preparation of the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make     estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results may materially differ from those
estimates.   

Valuation of Portfolio Investments    

   The fair value of the Company s investments
is determined quarterly in good faith by the Company s board of directors
pursuant to its consistently applied valuation procedures and valuation process
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosure, or ASC 820. ASC 820 defines fair value as the
price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy     that prioritizes and ranks the
level of market price observability of inputs used in measuring     investments at fair value. Inputs used to
measure these fair values are classified into the following hierarchy:   

Level 1  

-  

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
  liabilities, accessible by the Company at the measurement date.  

Level 2  

-  

Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
  markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
  markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted
  prices.  

Level 3  

-  

Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. The inputs used
  in the determination of fair value may require significant management
  judgment or estimation. Such information may be the result of consensus
  pricing information or broker quotes that include a disclaimer that the
  broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The
  non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by the
  disclaimer would result in classification as a Level 3 asset, assuming no
  additional corroborating evidence.  

15   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Market price observability is affected by a number of factors,
including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the
investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for
which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will
have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of
judgment used in measuring fair value.   

   Based on the observability
of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to
provide disclosures on fair value measurements according to the fair value
hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy for each fair value
measurement has been determined based on the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. The level assigned
to the investment valuations may not be indicative of the risk or liquidity
associated with investing in such investments. Because of the inherent
uncertainties of valuation, the values reflected in the financial statements may
differ materially from the value that would be received upon an actual sale of
such investments.    In
addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur
over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses that the Company
ultimately realizes on these investments to materially differ from the
valuations currently assigned.  

The Company s
investments, excluding short term investments,     consist
primarily of debt securities that are traded on a private over-the-counter
market for institutional investments. CIM attempts to obtain market quotations
from at least two brokers or dealers for each investment (if available,
otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer or other
independent pricing service). CIM utilizes mid-market pricing to determine fair
value unless a different point within the range is more representative. Because
of the private nature of this marketplace (meaning actual transactions are not
publicly reported) and the non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or
quotes, the Company believes that these valuation inputs result in Level 3
classification within the fair value hierarchy.  

  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in the
reasonable judgment of CIM, the price of any investment held by the Company and
determined in the manner described above does not accurately reflect the fair
value of such investment, CIM will value such investment at a price that
reflects such investment s fair value and report such change in the valuation
to the board of directors or its designee as soon as practicable. Investments
that carry certain restrictions on sale will typically be valued at a discount
from the public market value of the investment.  

Any investments
that are not publicly traded or for which a market price is not otherwise
readily available are valued at a price that reflects its fair value. With
respect to such investments, the investments are reviewed and valued using one
or more of the following types of analyses:   

i.             
  Market comparable statistics and
public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity, minority ownership and
other factors for companies with similar characteristics. 

ii.             
  Valuations implied by third-party
investments in the applicable portfolio companies. 

iii.             
  Discounted cash flow analysis,
including a terminal value or exit multiple.  

Determination of
fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, these
notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements refer to the
uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any
change in such valuations, on the Company s consolidated financial statements.
Below is a description of factors that the Company s board of directors may
consider when valuing the Company s equity and debt investments where a market
price is not readily available:   

the size and scope of a portfolio
company and its specific strengths and weaknesses;  

prevailing interest rates for like
securities;  

expected volatility in future
interest rates;  

leverage;   

call features, put features and
other relevant terms of the debt;  

the borrower s ability to
adequately service its debt;  

the fair market value of the
portfolio company in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt;  

the quality of collateral securing
the Company s debt investments;  

multiples of earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, cash flows, net
income, revenues or, in some cases, book value or liquidation value; and  

other factors deemed applicable.  

16   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

All of these factors may be subject to
adjustment based upon the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or
the Company s actual investment position. For example, adjustments to EBITDA
may take into account compensation to previous owners, or acquisition,
recapitalization, and restructuring expenses or other related or non-recurring
items. The choice of analyses and the weight assigned to such factors may vary
across investments and may change within an investment if events occur that
warrant such a change.   

   The discounted cash
flow model deemed appropriate by CIM is prepared for the applicable investments
and reviewed by the Company s valuation committee consisting of senior
management. Such models are prepared at least quarterly or on an as needed
basis. The model uses the estimated cash flow projections for the underlying
investments and an appropriate discount rate is determined based on the latest
financial information available for the borrower, prevailing market trends,
comparable analysis and other inputs. The model, key assumptions, inputs, and
results are reviewed by the Company s valuation committee with final approval
from the board of directors.   

   Consistent with the
Company s valuation policy, the Company evaluates the source of inputs,
including any markets in which the Company s investments are trading, in
determining fair value.   

   The Company
periodically benchmarks the broker quotes from the brokers or dealers against
the actual prices at which the Company purchases and sells its investments.
Based on the results of the benchmark analysis and the experience of the
Company s management in purchasing and selling these investments, the Company
believes that these quotes are reliable indicators of fair value. The Company
may also use other methods to determine fair value for securities for which it
cannot obtain market quotations through brokers or dealers, including the use
of an independent valuation firm. The Company s valuation committee and board
of directors review and approve the valuation determinations made with respect
to these investments in a manner consistent with the Company s valuation
process.    

   The value of the total return swap, or TRS,
is primarily based on the increase or decrease in the value of the loans
underlying the TRS, as determined by the Company. The loans underlying the TRS
are valued in the same manner as loans owned by the Company. As in all cases,
the level in the fair value hierarchy for each instrument is determined based
on the lowest level of inputs that are significant to the fair value
measurement. The Company has classified the TRS as Level 3 within the fair
value hierarchy based on the lowest level of significant inputs. For additional
information on the TRS, see Note 7.   

    Revenue Recognition    

   Securities transactions
are accounted for on the trade date. The Company records interest and dividend
income on an accrual basis beginning on the trade settlement date or the
ex-dividend date, respectively, to the extent that the Company expects to
collect such amounts. Loan origination fees, original issue discounts, and
market discounts/premiums are recorded and such amounts are amortized as
adjustments to interest income over the respective term of the loan using the
effective interest method. The Company records prepayment premiums on loans and
debt securities as interest income when it receives such amounts. In addition,
the Company may generate revenue in the form of commitment, structuring or
diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and
possibly consulting fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in
connection with investments are recognized when earned.   

   The Company may
have investments in its investment portfolio that contain a PIK interest
provision. PIK interest is accrued as interest income, if the portfolio company
valuation indicates that such PIK interest is collectible and recorded as
interest receivable up to the interest payment date. On the interest payment
dates, the Company will capitalize the accrued interest receivable attributable
to PIK as additional principal due from the borrower. Additional PIK securities
typically have the same terms, including maturity dates and interest rates, as
the original securities. In order to maintain RIC status, substantially all of
this income must be paid out to shareholders in the form of distributions, even
if the Company has not collected any cash. For additional information on
investments that contain a PIK interest provision, see the consolidated
schedules of investments as September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    .   

   Loans and debt securities, including those that are
individually identified as being impaired under Accounting Standards
Codification 310,     Receivables, or
ASC 310, are generally placed on non-accrual status immediately if, in the
opinion of management, principal or interest is not likely to be paid in
accordance with the terms of the debt agreement, or when principal or interest
is past due 90 days or more. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a
loan or security is placed on non-accrual status is reversed     against interest income. Interest
income is recognized on non-accrual loans or debt securities only to the extent
received in cash. How ever, where there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility
of     principal, cash receipts,
whether designated as principal or interest, are thereafter applied to reduce
the carrying value of the loan or debt security. Loans or securities are
restored to accrual status only when interest and principal payments are
brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.   

17   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change
in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation    

   Gains
or losses on the sale of investments are calculated by using the
weighted-average method. The Company measures realized gains or losses by the
difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the
weighted-average amortized cost of the investment, without regard to unrealized
appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized
upfront fees and prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or
depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the
reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized
appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized.   

    Derivative Instrument    

   The Company s only derivative instrument at
September 30, 2016 is the TRS. The Company marks its derivative to market
through net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on total return
swap in the consolidated statements of operations. For additional information
on the TRS, see Note 7.   

Capital Gains
Incentive Fee    

   Pursuant
to the terms of the investment advisory agreement the Company entered into with
CIM, the incentive fee on capital gains earned on liquidated investments of the
Company s investment portfolio during operations is determined and payable in
arrears as of the end of each calendar year. Such fee equals 20% of the
Company s incentive fee capital gains (i.e., the Company s realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of each
calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized
capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the aggregate amount of any
previously paid capital gains incentive fees. On a cumulative basis and to the
extent that all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation
exceed realized capital gains as well as the aggregate realized net capital
gains for which a fee has previously been paid, the Company would not be
required to pay CIM a capital gains incentive fee. On a quarterly basis, the
Company accrues for the capital gains incentive fee by calculating such fee as
if it were due and payable as of the end of such period.    

   CIM
has not taken any incentive fees with respect to the Company s TRS to date. For
purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee, CIM will become entitled
to a capital gains incentive fee only upon the termination or disposition of
the TRS, at which point all net gains and losses of the underlying loans
constituting the reference assets of the TRS will be realized. Any net unrealized
gains on the TRS are reflected in total assets on the Company s consolidated
balance sheets and included in the computation of the base management fee. Any
net unrealized losses on the TRS are reflected in total liabilities on the
Company s consolidated balance sheets and excluded in the computation of the
base management fee.   

   While the investment advisory agreement
with CIM neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in
the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an
interpretation of the American Institute for Certified Public Accountants, or
AICPA, Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the Company accrues
capital gains incentive fees on unrealized gains. This accrual reflects the
incentive fees that would be payable to CIM if the Company s entire investment
portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance sheet date even
though CIM is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains
unless and until such gains are actually realized.    

    Net Increase in Net Assets per Share    

   Net increase in net
assets per share is calculated based upon the daily weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the reporting period.   

    Distributions    

   Distributions to shareholders are recorded
as of the record date. The amount to be paid as a distribution is determined by
the board of directors on a monthly basis. Net realized capital gains, if any,
are distributed at least annually.   

18   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Note 3.
Share Transactions    

   The Company s
initial continuous public offering commenced on July 2, 2012 and ended on
December 31, 2015. The Company s follow-on continuous public offering commenced
on January 25, 2016.   

   The following table
  summarizes transactions with respect
to shares of the Company s common stock during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:   

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company sold 5,502,107 and 39,462,978 shares, respectively,
at an average price per share of $9.12 and $10.28, respectively.   

Since commencing its initial continuous
public offering on July 2, 2012 and through September 30, 2016, the Company
sold 107,920,075 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $1,099,485 at an
average price per share of $10.19. The net proceeds include gross proceeds
received from reinvested shareholder distributions of $74,605, for which the
Company issued 8,196,153 shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid for
shares of common stock tendered for repurchase of $19,813, for which the
Company repurchased 2,207,852 shares of common stock.   

During the period from October 1, 2016 to
November 9, 2016, the Company sold 337,841 shares of common stock pursuant to
its follow-on continuous public offering for net proceeds of $3,544 at an
average price per share of $10.49. The net proceeds include gross proceeds
received from reinvested shareholder distributions of $3,027, for which the
Company issued 332,871 shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid  for
shares of common stock tendered for repurchase of $5,602, for which the Company
repurchased 619,240 shares of common stock.   

Since commencing its initial continuous
public offering on July 2, 2012 and through November 9, 2016, the Company sold
108,257,916 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $1,103,029 at an average
price per share of $10.19. The net proceeds include gross proceeds received
from reinvested shareholder distributions of $77,632, for which the Company
issued 8,529,024 shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid for shares of
common stock tendered for repurchase of $25,415, for which the Company
repurchased 2,827,092 shares of common stock.   

To ensure that the offering
price per share, net of sales commissions and dealer manager fees, equaled or
exceeded the net asset value per share on each subscription closing date and
distribution reinvestment date, certain of the Company s directors increased
the offering price per share of common stock on certain dates. Due to a decline
in the Company s net asset value per share to an amount more than 2.5% below
the Company s then-current net offering price, certain of the Company s
directors decreased the offering price per share of common stock on certain
dates.     

19   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The changes to our offering
price per share since the commencement of our initial continuous public
offering and the associated approval and effective dates of such changes were
as follows:     

Share Repurchase Program    

Beginning in the first quarter of 2014, the
Company began offering, and on a quarterly basis thereafter it intends to
continue offering, to repurchase shares on such terms as may be determined by
the Company s board of directors in its complete and absolute discretion
unless, in the judgment of the independent directors of the Company s board of
directors, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of the Company s
shareholders or would violate applicable law.   

The Company limits the number of shares to
be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares it can
repurchase with the proceeds it receives from the issuance of shares pursuant
to its fourth amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan. At the
discretion of the Company s board of directors, it may also use cash on hand,
cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of investments as of
the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares. In addition, the Company
limits the number of shares to be repurchased in any calendar year to 15% of
the weighted average number of shares outstanding in the prior calendar year,
or 3.75% in each quarter, though the actual number of shares that it offers to
repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. The Company currently
offers to repurchase such shares at a price equal to 90% of the offering price
in effect on each date of repurchase.    

On November 2, 2015, the Company amended
the terms of the quarterly share repurchase program, effective as of the
Company s quarterly repurchase offer for the fourth quarter of 2015, which
commenced in November 2015 and was completed in January 2016. Under the amended
share repurchase program, the Company offered to repurchase shares of common
stock at a price per share of $8.96, which was (i) not less than the net asset
value per share immediately prior to January 4, 2016 and (ii) not more than
2.5% greater than the net asset value per share as of such date.   

On January 22, 2016, the Company further
amended the terms of the quarterly share repurchase program, effective as of
the Company s quarterly repurchase offer for the first quarter of 2016, which
commenced in February 2016 and was completed in April 2016. Under the further
amended share repurchase program, the Company will offer to repurchase shares
of common stock at a price equal to 90% of the public offering price in effect
on each date of repurchase.   

Any periodic repurchase offers are subject
in part to the Company s available cash and compliance with the BDC and RIC
qualification and diversification rules promulgated under the 1940 Act and the Code,
respectively. While the Company conducts quarterly tender offers as described above,
it is not required to do so and may suspend or terminate the share repurchase
program at any time, upon 30 days  notice.   

20   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The following
table summarizes the share repurchases completed during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016:   

Note 4. Transactions with Related Parties    

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, fees and other expenses incurred by
the Company related to CIM and its affiliates were as follows:   

The Company has entered
into certain agreements with CIM s affiliate, C ON Securities, LLC,
formerly known as ICON Securities, LLC, or C ON Securities, whereby the
Company pays certain fees and reimbursements. C ON Securities is entitled
to receive a 3% dealer manager fee from gross offering proceeds from the sale
of the Company s shares. The selling dealers are entitled to receive a sales
commission of up to 7% of gross offering proceeds. Such costs are charged
against capital in excess of par value when incurred. Since commencing its initial
continuous public offering on July 2, 2012 and through November 9, 2016, the
Company paid or accrued sales commissions of $62,837 to the selling dealers and
dealer manager fees of $30,778 to C ON Securities.   

The Company has entered
into an investment advisory agreement with CIM. On November 1, 2016, the board
of directors of the Company, including a majority of the board of
directors who are not interested persons, approved the renewal of the investment
advisory agreement for a period of twelve months commencing December 17,
2016. Pursuant to the investment advisory agreement, CIM is paid an annual base
management fee equal to 2.0% of the average value of the Company s gross
assets, less cash and cash equivalents, and an incentive fee based on the
Company s performance, as described below. The base management fee is payable
quarterly in arrears and is calculated based on the two most recently completed
calendar quarters. The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part,
which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated
and payable quarterly in arrears based on  pre-incentive fee net investment
income  for the immediately preceding quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate,
measured quarterly and expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital, as
defined in the investment advisory agreement, equal to 1.875% per quarter, or
an annualized rate of 7.5%. The second part of the incentive fee, which is
referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is described in Note 2. Refer
to Note 7 for a discussion of CIM s entitlement to receive incentive fees and
the Company s accrual of the incentive fee on capital gains with respect to the
TRS.   

The Company accrues the capital gains
incentive fee based on net realized gains and net unrealized appreciation;
however, under the terms of the investment advisory agreement, the fee payable
to CIM is based on net realized gains and unrealized depreciation and no such
fee is payable with respect to unrealized appreciation unless and until such appreciation
is actually realized.   For the three months ended   September
30, 2015  , the Company recorded capital gains
incentive fees of   ($1,211) related to the change in unrealized depreciation.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not record any capital gains
incentive fees. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no liability for
capital gains incentive fees.     

21   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

With respect to the TRS, CIM will become entitled to receive a
capital gains incentive fee only upon the termination or disposition of the
TRS, at which point all net gains and losses of the underlying loans
constituting the reference assets of the TRS will be realized. See Note 2 and
Note 7 for an additional discussion of CIM s entitlement to receive payment of
incentive fees and the Company s accrual of the incentive fee on capital gains
with respect to the TRS.    

The Company entered into
an administration agreement with CIM s affiliate, ICON Capital, LLC, or ICON
Capital, pursuant to which ICON Capital furnishes the Company with
administrative services including accounting, investor relations and other
administrative services necessary to conduct its day-to-day operations. On
November 1, 2016, the board of directors of the Company, including a majority
of the board of directors who are not interested persons, approved the renewal
of the administration agreement for a period of twelve months commencing
December 17, 2016. ICON Capital is reimbursed for administrative expenses it
incurs on the Company s behalf in performing its obligations, provided that
such reimbursement will be for the lower of ICON Capital s actual costs or the
amount that the Company would be required to pay for comparable administrative
services in the same geographic location. Such costs will be reasonably
allocated to the Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or
other reasonable methods. The Company will not reimburse ICON Capital for any
services for which it receives a separate fee or for rent, depreciation, utilities,
capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a person with a
controlling interest in ICON Capital.    

Under the terms of the
investment advisory agreement, CIM and certain of its affiliates, which
includes CIG, are entitled to receive reimbursement of up to 1.5% of the gross
proceeds raised until all offering and organizational costs have been
reimbursed. The Company s payment of offering and organizational costs will not
exceed 1.5% of the actual gross proceeds raised from the offerings (without
giving effect to any potential expense support from CIG and its affiliates). If
the Company sells the maximum number of shares at its latest public offering
price of $10.10 per share, the Company estimates that it may incur up to approximately
$30,488 of expenses. With respect to any reimbursements for offering and
organizational costs, the Company will interpret the 1.5% limit based on actual
gross proceeds raised at the time of such reimbursement.  In
addition, the Company will not issue any of its shares or other securities for
services or for property other than cash or securities except as a dividend or
distribution to its security holders or in connection with a reorganization.   

From inception through
December 31, 2012, CIG and its affiliates incurred offering, organizational and
other pre-effective costs of $2,012. Of these costs, $1,812 represented
offering and organizational costs, all of which have been submitted to the
Company for reimbursement. The Company paid $450 in October 2013, $550 in March
2014, $592 in May 2014 and $420 in March 2015.  No additional material
offering, organizational or other pre-effective costs have been incurred by CIG
or its affiliates subsequent to December 31, 2012.    

Reinvestment of
shareholder distributions and share repurchases are excluded from the gross
proceeds from the Company s offerings for purposes of determining the total
amount of offering and organizational costs that can be paid by the Company. As
of September 30, 2016, the Company raised gross offering proceeds of
$1,044,693, of which it can pay up to $15,670 in offering and organizational
costs (which represents 1.5% of the actual gross offering proceeds raised).
Through September 30, 2016, the Company paid $9,097 of such costs, leaving an
additional $6,573 that can be paid. As of November 9, 2016, the Company raised
gross offering proceeds of $1,050,812, of which it can pay up to $15,762 in
offering and organizational costs (which represents 1.5% of the actual gross
offering proceeds raised). Through November 9, 2016, the Company paid $9,150 of
such costs, leaving an additional $6,612 that can be paid.   

On January 30, 2013, the Company entered
into the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement with CIG,
whereby CIG agreed to provide expense support to the Company in an amount that
is sufficient to: (1) ensure that no portion of the Company s distributions to
shareholders will be paid from its offering proceeds or borrowings, and/or (2)
reduce the Company s operating expenses until it has achieved economies of
scale sufficient to ensure that it bears a reasonable level of expense in
relation to its investment income.     On December 13, 2013 and January 16, 2015, the Company and CIG
amended the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement to extend
the termination date of such agreement from January 30, 2014 to January 30,
2015 and from January 30, 2015 to December 31, 2015, respectively. On December
16, 2015, the Company further amended and restated the expense support and
conditional reimbursement agreement for purposes of including AIM as a party to
the agreement and extending the termination date from December 31, 2015 to
December 31, 2016. Commencing with the quarter beginning January 1, 2016, CIG
and AIM each agrees to provide expense support to the Company for 50% of its
expenses as described above.   

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not receive any expense support
from CIG or AIM.   

22   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Pursuant to the expense support
and conditional reimbursement agreement, the Company will have a conditional
obligation to reimburse CIG for any amounts funded by CIG under such agreement
(i) if expense support amounts funded by CIG exceed operating expenses incurred
during any fiscal quarter, (ii) if the sum of the Company s net investment
income for tax purposes, net capital gains and the amount of any dividends and
other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio
companies (to the extent not included in net investment income or net capital
gains for tax purposes) exceeds the distributions paid by the Company to
shareholders, and (iii) during any fiscal quarter occurring within three years
of the date on which CIG funded such amount. Pursuant to the second amended and
restated expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement, the Company
will have a conditional obligation to reimburse CIG and AIM for any amounts
funded by CIG and AIM under the same circumstances described above. The
obligation to reimburse CIG and AIM for any expense support provided by CIG and
AIM under such agreement is further conditioned by the following: (i) in the
period in which reimbursement is sought, the ratio of operating expenses to
average net assets, when considering the reimbursement, cannot exceed the ratio
of operating expenses to average net assets, as defined, for the period when
the expense support was provided; (ii) in the period when reimbursement is
sought, the annualized distribution rate cannot fall below the annualized
distribution rate for the period when the expense support was provided; and
(iii) the expense support can only be reimbursed within three years from the
date the expense support was provided.    

Expense support, if any,
will be determined as appropriate to meet the objectives of the second amended
and restated expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not record an obligation
to repay expense support from CIG or AIM. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded obligations to repay expense support
from CIG of $667. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company repaid expense support to CIG of $548 and $1,147, respectively. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded
obligations to repay expense support from CIG of $1,758 and $4,187,
respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company repaid expense support to CIG of $1,592 and $2,429, respectively.   The Company may or may not be requested to reimburse any
remaining expense support in the future.   

The Company, AIM, or CIG
may terminate the second amended and restated expense support and conditional
reimbursement agreement at any time. CIG and AIM have indicated that they
expect to continue such expense support until they believe that the Company has
achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that it bears a reasonable
level of expenses in relation to its income. If the Company terminates the
investment advisory agreement with CIM and/or the investment sub-advisory
agreement with AIM, the Company may be required to repay CIG and AIM all
unreimbursed expense support funded by CIG and AIM within three years of the
date of termination. The specific amount of expense support provided by CIG and
AIM, if any, will be determined at the end of each quarter. There can be no
assurance that the second amended and restated expense support and conditional
reimbursement agreement will remain in effect or that CIG and AIM will support
any portion of the Company s expenses in future quarters.   

The table below presents a summary of all
expenses supported by CIG for each of the following three month periods in
which the Company received expense support from CIG and the associated dates
through which such expenses are eligible for reimbursement from the Company.   

(1)  

Operating expenses include all expenses borne by the Company,
  except for offering and organizational costs, base management fees, incentive
  fees, administrative services expenses, other general and administrative
  expenses owed to CIM and its affiliates, and interest expense. For the three
  months ended September 30, 2016, the ratio of operating expense to average net
  assets was 0.17%.  

(2)  

The Company did not declare any distributions during the three
  months ended December 31, 2012.  

(3)  

Annualized Distribution Rate equals the annualized rate of
  distributions paid to shareholders based on the amount of the regular cash
  distributions paid immediately prior to the date the expense support payment
  obligation was incurred by CIG. Annualized Distribution Rate does not include
  special cash or stock distributions paid to shareholders. The Annualized
  Distribution Rate is calculated based on the maximum historical offering
  price at each record date.  

23   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total
liability payable to CIM and its affiliates was $5,632 and $5,735,
respectively, which primarily related to fees earned by CIM during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

Because CIM s senior management team is
comprised of substantially the same personnel as the senior management team of
the Company s affiliate, ICON Capital, which is the investment manager to certain
equipment finance funds, or equipment funds, such members of senior management
provide investment advisory and management services to the equipment funds in
addition to the Company. In the event that CIM undertakes to provide investment
advisory services to other clients in the future, it will strive to allocate
investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner consistent with the
Company s investment objective and strategies so that the Company will not be
disadvantaged in relation to any other client of the investment adviser or its
senior management team. However, it is currently possible that some investment
opportunities will be provided to the equipment funds or other clients of CIM
rather than to the Company.   

Indemnifications    

The investment advisory agreement, the
investment sub-advisory agreement, the administration agreement and the dealer manager
agreement each provide certain indemnifications from the Company to the other
relevant parties to such agreements.  The Company s maximum exposure under
these agreements is unknown. However, the Company has not experienced claims or
losses pursuant to these agreements and believes the risk of loss related to
such indemnifications to be remote.    

Note 5. Distributions    

The Company s board of directors authorizes
and declares on a monthly basis a weekly distribution amount per share of
common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company s board of directors declared distributions for
52 and 39 record dates, respectively. Declared distributions are paid monthly.    

The following table
presents cash distributions per share that were declared during the year ended
December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016:   

On September 13, 2016, the Company s board
of directors declared four weekly cash distributions of $0.014067 per share, which
were paid on October 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on October 4, October
11, October 18, and October 25, 2016. On October 14, 2016, the Company s board
of directors declared five weekly cash distributions of $0.014067 per share,
payable on November 30, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 1, November
8, November 15, November 22, and November 29, 2016.   

The Company has adopted an  opt in 
distribution reinvestment plan for shareholders. As a result, if the Company
makes a distribution, shareholders will receive distributions in cash unless
they specifically  opt in  to the fourth amended and restated distribution
reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions reinvested in
additional shares of the Company s common stock.   

24   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

On November 2, 2015, the Company further amended and restated its
distribution reinvestment plan pursuant to the third amended and restated
distribution reinvestment plan, or the Third Amended DRIP. The Third Amended
DRIP was effective as of, and first applied to the reinvestment of cash
distributions paid on or after, the closing of the Company s initial continuous
public offering on December 31, 2015. Prior to the Third Amended DRIP, cash
distributions to participating shareholders were reinvested in additional
shares of common stock at a purchase price equal to 90% of the public offering
price per share in effect as of the date of issuance. Under the Third Amended
DRIP, cash distributions to participating shareholders were reinvested in
additional shares of common stock at a purchase price determined by the
Company s board of directors or a committee thereof, in its sole discretion,
that was (i) not less than the net asset value per share determined in good
faith by the board of directors or a committee thereof, in their sole
discretion, immediately prior to the payment of the distribution, or the NAV
Per Share, and (ii) not more than 2.5% greater than the NAV Per Share as of
such date.    

On January 22, 2016, the Company further
amended and restated its distribution reinvestment plan pursuant to the fourth
amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan, or the Fourth Amended
DRIP.  The Fourth Amended DRIP became effective as of, and first applied to the
reinvestment of cash distributions paid on, March 30, 2016. Under the Fourth
Amended DRIP, cash distributions to participating shareholders will be
reinvested in additional shares of common stock at a purchase price equal to
90% of the public offering price per share in effect as of the date of issuance.   

The Company may fund its cash distributions
to shareholders from any sources of funds available to the Company, including
offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital
gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the
sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to it on account of
preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense
support from CIG and AIM, which is subject to recoupment. The Company has not
established limits on the amount of funds it may use from available sources to
make distributions. Through December 31, 2014, a portion of the Company s
distributions resulted from expense support from CIG, and future distributions
may result from expense support from CIG and AIM, each of which is subject to
repayment by the Company within three years. The purpose of this arrangement is
to avoid such distributions being characterized as a return of capital.
Shareholders should understand that any such distributions are not based on the
Company s investment performance, and can only be sustained if the Company
achieves positive investment performance in future periods and/or CIG and AIM
continue to provide such expense support. Shareholders should also understand that
the Company s future repayments of expense support will reduce the
distributions that they would otherwise receive. There can be no assurance that
the Company will achieve such performance in order to sustain these
distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. CIG and AIM have no
obligation to provide expense support to the Company in future periods.   

The following table
reflects the sources of cash distributions on a GAAP basis that the Company has
declared on its shares of common stock during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:   

(1)  

Distributions in excess of net investment income represent
  certain expenses, which are not deductible on a tax-basis. Unearned capital
  gains incentive fees and certain offering expenses reduce GAAP basis net
  investment income, but do not reduce tax basis net investment income. These
  tax-related adjustments represent additional net investment income available
  for distribution for tax purposes.  

(2)  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
  realized losses of $1,030, which are not currently deductible on a tax-basis.  

It is the Company's
policy to comply with all requirements of the Code applicable to RICs and to
distribute substantially all of its taxable income to its shareholders. In
addition, by distributing during each calendar year substantially all of its
net investment income, net realized capital gains and certain other amounts, if
any, the Company intends not to be subject to corporate level federal income
tax or federal excise taxes. Accordingly, no federal income tax provision was
required.         

25   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Income and capital gain
distributions are determined in accordance with the Code and federal tax
regulations, which may differ from amounts determined in accordance with GAAP.
These book/tax differences, which could be material, are primarily due to differing
treatments of income and gains on various investments held by the Company.
Permanent book/tax differences result in reclassifications to capital in excess
of par value, accumulated undistributed net investment income, accumulated
undistributed realized gain on investments, and accumulated undistributed
realized gain on total return swap. During 2015, permanent differences
primarily due to the treatment of TRS and non-deductible offering costs
resulted in a net decrease in distributions in excess of net investment income,
a net decrease in accumulated realized gains and a net decrease to capital in
excess of par value. These reclassifications had no effect on net assets.   

   The determination
of the tax attributes of the Company s distributions is made annually as of the
end of the Company s fiscal year based upon the Company s taxable income for
the full year and distributions paid for the full year. The tax characteristics
of distributions to shareholders are reported to shareholders annually on Form
1099-DIV. All distributions for 2015 were characterized as ordinary income
distributions for federal income tax purposes.   

The tax components of accumulated earnings
for the current year will be determined at year end. As of December 31, 2015,
the components of accumulated earnings on a tax basis were as follows:   

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate
gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of
value over tax cost was $8,055; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for
all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was $39,809;
the net unrealized depreciation was $31,754; and the aggregate cost of
securities for Federal income tax purposes was $1,050,057.   

As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate
gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess
of value over tax cost was $3,728; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation
for all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was
$67,865; the net unrealized depreciation was $64,137; and the aggregate cost of
securities for Federal income tax purposes was $699,036.   

Note 6. Investments    

The composition of the Company s investment
portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 at amortized cost and
fair value was as follows:   

(1)  

Represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of
  premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, for debt securities
  and cost for equity investments.  

(2)  

Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that
  invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of
  three months or less.  

26   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Acquisition of Credit Suisse Park
View BDC, Inc.    

On September 30, 2016, Park South Funding,
LLC, or Park South, a newly-formed, wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary
of the Company, and Credit Suisse Alternative Capital, LLC, or CSAC, the
sole owner of Credit Suisse Park View BDC, Inc., or CS Park View, entered into
a Purchase and Sale Agreement to effect and consummate the acquisition of CS
Park View by Park South. Pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, Park
South acquired one hundred percent of the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock of CS Park View from CSAC for a cash purchase price of $276,852,
subject to a post-closing adjustment to be determined within 90 days. Substantially
all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were financial assets
(interests in senior secured loans and partnership interests of 26 portfolio
companies as well as interest receivable and accrued expenses). The Company
funded the cash purchase price partially with cash on hand and proceeds
received from the JPM Credit Facility (see Note 8).   

The acquisition will be accounted for by
the Company under the asset acquisition method of accounting in accordance with
ASC 805-50,    Business Combinations Related Issues   . Under the asset
acquisition method of accounting, net assets are recognized based on their cost
to the acquiring entity, which includes transaction costs. The purchase price
of the assets acquired is allocated to the individual assets acquired or
liabilities assumed based on their determined fair values and does not give
rise to goodwill. The Company determined that the fair value of the net assets
acquired equaled the purchase price, excluding transaction costs. Accordingly,
transaction costs of $498 have been expensed during the three months ended
September 30, 2016.   

The table below presents a summary of the allocation
of the relative fair value of the net assets acquired from CS Park View on
September 30, 2016.    

27   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

C ON / Capitala Senior Loan Fund
I, LLC    

On June 24, 2015, the Company entered into
a joint venture with Capitala Finance Corp., or Capitala, to create CCSLF. CCSLF
is expected to invest primarily in senior secured loans. All portfolio and
other material decisions regarding CCSLF must be submitted to its board of
managers, which is comprised of four members, two of whom were selected by the
Company and the other two were selected by Capitala. Further, all portfolio and
other material decisions require the affirmative vote of at least one member
from the Company and one member from Capitala.    

The Company and Capitala have committed to
provide an aggregate of up to $50,000 of equity to CCSLF, with the Company
providing up to $40,000 and Capitala providing up to $10,000.  In
addition, CCSLF intends to obtain third party asset-level financing. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, CCSLF held no assets and generated no
net income and as a result, is not included on the Company s consolidated
schedules of investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. If and
when the Company and Capitala fund CCSLF with new investments, CCSLF will be
presented as a controlled investment as defined by the 1940 Act. An investment
is controlled under the 1940 Act when a company owns more than 25% of the
portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or maintains the ability to
nominate greater than 50% of the portfolio company's board representation.    

The Company has determined that CCSLF is an
investment company under ASC 946. However, in accordance with such guidance,
the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other
than a wholly owned investment company or a controlled operating company whose
business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the
Company does not consolidate CCSLF.    

As of November 7, 2016, the Company s
unfunded commitment to CCSLF was $40,000.    

The following tables show the composition
of the Company s investment portfolio by industry classification and geographic
dispersion, and the percentage, by fair value, of the total investment
portfolio assets in such industries and geographies as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015:   

28   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(1)  

The geographic
  dispersion is determined by the portfolio company's country of domicile.  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
there were no delinquent investments or investments on non-accrual status.   

   Except for CCSLF,
the Company does not  control  and is not an  affiliate  of any of its
portfolio companies, each as defined in the 1940 Act. In general, under the
1940 Act, the Company would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company or
issuer if the Company owned 25% or more of its voting securities and would be
an  affiliate  of a portfolio company or issuer if the Company owned 5% or more
of its voting securities.    

The Company s investment
portfolio may contain senior secured investments that are in the form of lines
of credit, revolving credit facilities, or unfunded commitments, which may
require the Company to provide funding when requested in accordance with the terms
of the underlying agreements. As of September 30, 2016 and     December 31, 2015  ,
the Company s unfunded commitments amounted to $49,627 and $43,404,
respectively. As of November 7, 2016, the Company s unfunded commitments
amounted to $49,687.  Since these
commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not
necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the
Company.  Refer to Note 11 for
further details on the Company s unfunded commitments.   

Note 7. Total Return Swap    

On December 17, 2012, the Company, through
its wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary, Flatiron Funding, LLC, or Flatiron,
entered into a TRS with Citibank, N.A., or Citibank.  Effective December 9,
2013, Flatiron and Citibank amended the TRS to, among other things, increase
the maximum aggregate market value of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS
(determined at the time each such loan becomes subject to the TRS) from $150,000
to $225,000, and increase the interest rate payable by Flatiron to Citibank
with respect to each loan included in the TRS by increasing the spread over the
floating rate index specified for each such loan from 1.25% to 1.35% per year. Flatiron
and Citibank further amended the TRS to increase the maximum aggregate market
value of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS to $275,000 effective
February 18, 2014, to $325,000 effective April 30, 2014, to $375,000 effective
July 30, 2014, to $475,000 effective September 5, 2014, to $600,000 effective
January 20, 2015, to $750,000 effective March 4, 2015 and to $800,000 effective
March 22, 2016. Effective October 2, 2015, Flatiron and Citibank amended the
TRS to extend the termination or call date from December 17, 2015 to March 17,
2016 and to provide that the floating rate index specified for each loan
included in the TRS will not be less than zero. On December 22, 2015, Flatiron
and Citibank further amended the TRS to reduce the ramp-down period from 90
days to 30 days prior to the termination date, which represents the period when
reinvestment is no longer permitted under the terms of the TRS. Effective
February 18, 2016, Flatiron and Citibank further amended the TRS to extend the
termination or call date from March 17, 2016 to February 18, 2017, and increase
the interest rate payable by Flatiron to Citibank with respect to each loan
included in the TRS by increasing the spread over the floating rate index
specified for each such loan from 1.35% to 1.40% per year. The agreements
between Flatiron and Citibank, which collectively establish the TRS, are
referred to herein as the TRS Agreement.   

A TRS is a contract in which one party
agrees to make periodic payments to another party based on the change in the
market value of and interest payments from the assets underlying the TRS in
return for periodic payments based on a fixed or variable interest rate. A TRS
effectively adds leverage to a portfolio by providing investment exposure to a
security or market without owning or taking physical custody of such security
or investing directly in such market. Because of the unique structure of a TRS,
a TRS typically offers lower financing costs than are offered through more
traditional borrowing arrangements.   

29   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The TRS with Citibank enables the Company, through its ownership
of Flatiron, to obtain the economic benefit of owning the loans subject to the
TRS, without actually owning them, in return for an interest-type payment to
Citibank. As such, the TRS is analogous to Flatiron borrowing funds to acquire
loans and incurring interest expense to a lender. Under the terms of the TRS
Agreement, each asset underlying the TRS constitutes a separate total return
swap transaction, although all calculations and payments required to be made
under the TRS Agreement are calculated and treated on an aggregate basis, based
upon all such transactions.   

The obligations of Flatiron under the TRS
are non-recourse to the Company and the Company s exposure under the TRS is
limited to the value of the Company s investment in Flatiron, which generally
will equal the value of cash collateral provided by Flatiron under the TRS.
Pursuant to the terms of the TRS, Flatiron may select loans with a maximum
aggregate market value (determined at the time each such loan becomes subject
to the TRS) of $800,000. Flatiron is required to initially cash collateralize a
specified percentage of each loan (generally 25% of the market value of such
loan) included under the TRS in accordance with margin requirements described
in the TRS Agreement. Under the terms of the TRS, Flatiron agreed not to draw
upon, or post as collateral, such cash collateral in respect of other
financings or operating requirements prior to the termination of the TRS.
Neither the cash collateral required to be posted with Citibank nor any other
assets of Flatiron are available to pay the debts of the Company.   

Unless otherwise specified, each individual
loan must meet the obligation criteria described in the TRS Agreement, which
includes requirements that the loan be rated by Moody s and S P, be part of
a loan facility of at least $125 million and have at least two bid quotations
from a nationally-recognized pricing service. Under the terms of the TRS,
Citibank, as calculation agent, determines whether there has been a failure to
satisfy the obligation criteria for each loan in the TRS. If such failure
continues for 30 days following the delivery of notice thereof, then Citibank
has the right, but not the obligation, to remove the underlying loan from the
TRS either through a sale negotiated by the Company or the price determined by
Citibank. Citibank also determines whether there has been a failure to satisfy
the portfolio criteria in the TRS, which includes limits on issuer and industry
concentration as well as Moody s and S P credit metrics. If such failure
continues for 30 days following the delivery of notice thereof, then Citibank
has the right, but not the obligation, to terminate the TRS. Flatiron receives
from Citibank all interest and fees payable in respect of the loans included in
the TRS. Flatiron pays to Citibank interest at a rate equal to, in respect of
each loan included in the TRS, the floating rate index specified for such loan,
which will not be less than zero, plus 1.40% per year. In addition, upon the
termination or repayment of any loan subject to the TRS, Flatiron will either
receive from Citibank the appreciation in the value of such loan or pay to
Citibank any depreciation in the value of such loan.   

Under the terms of the TRS, Flatiron may be
required to post additional cash collateral, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, in
the event of depreciation in the value of the underlying loans after such value
decreases below a specified amount. The limit on the additional collateral that
Flatiron may be required to post pursuant to the TRS is equal to the difference
between the full notional amount of the loans underlying the TRS and the amount
of cash collateral already posted by Flatiron. The amount of collateral required
to be posted by Flatiron is determined primarily on the basis of the aggregate
value of the underlying loans.   

The Company has no contractual obligation
to post any such additional collateral or to make any interest payments to
Citibank on behalf of Flatiron. The Company may, but is not obligated to,
increase its investment in Flatiron for the purpose of funding any additional
collateral or payment obligations for which Flatiron may become obligated
during the term of the TRS. If the Company does not make any such additional
investment in Flatiron and Flatiron fails to meet its obligations under the
TRS, then Citibank will have the right to terminate the TRS and seize the cash
collateral posted by Flatiron under the TRS. In the event of an early termination
of the TRS, Flatiron would be required to pay an early termination fee.   

Citibank may terminate the TRS on or after
February 18, 2017, or the call date. Flatiron may terminate the TRS at any time
upon providing no more than 30 days prior notice to Citibank. Any termination
prior to the call date will result in payment of an early termination fee to
Citibank based on the maximum portfolio amount of the TRS. Under the terms of
the TRS, the early termination fee will equal the present value of a stream of
monthly payments that would be owed by Flatiron to Citibank for the period from
the termination date through and including the call date. Such monthly payments
will equal the product of 80% of the maximum portfolio amount, multiplied by
the spread over the floating index rate. The Company estimates the early
termination fee would have been approximately $3,498 at September 30, 2016.
Flatiron may also be required to pay a minimum usage fee in connection with the
TRS. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Flatiron owed Citibank a
minimum usage fee of $129 and $4, respectively.   

The value of the TRS is based on the
increase or decrease in the value of the loans underlying the TRS, as
determined by the Company. The loans underlying the TRS are valued in the same
manner as loans owned by the Company.  As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the fair value of the TRS was ($18,074) and ($34,900), respectively.
The fair value of the TRS is reflected as unrealized depreciation on total
return swap on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The change in value
of the TRS is reflected in the Company s consolidated statements of operations
as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on total return swap.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Flatiron had selected 56 and 90
underlying loans with a total notional amount of $446,288 and $718,025,
respectively. For the same periods, Flatiron posted $143,335 and $226,316 in
cash collateral held by Citibank (of which only $142,693 and $  187,802    was required to be posted), which is
reflected in due from counterparty on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets.    

30   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Receivable due on total return swap is composed of any
amounts due from Citibank that consist of earned but not yet collected net
interest and fees and net gains on sales and principal repayments of underlying
loans of the TRS    . As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the receivable due on total return
swap consisted of the following:    

Realized gains and losses on the TRS are
composed of any gains or losses on loans underlying the TRS as well as net
interest and fees earned during the period. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the net realized gain on the TRS consisted of the
following:   

(1)  

Net realized
  gain is reflected in net realized gain on total return swap on the Company's
  consolidated statements of operations.  

In connection with the TRS, Flatiron is
required to comply with various covenants and reporting requirements as defined
in the TRS Agreement. As of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
Flatiron was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements.   

CIM has not taken any incentive fees with
respect to the Company s TRS to date. For purposes of computing the capital
gains incentive fee, CIM will become entitled to a capital gains incentive fee
only upon the termination or disposition of the TRS, at which point all gains
and losses of the underlying loans constituting the reference assets of the TRS
will be realized. For purposes of computing the subordinated incentive fee on income,
CIM is not entitled to a subordinated incentive fee on income with respect to
the TRS. The net unrealized appreciation on the TRS, if any, is reflected in
total assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and included in the
computation of the base management fee. The base management fee does not
include any net unrealized depreciation on the TRS as such amounts are not
included in total assets.    

   While the
investment advisory agreement with CIM neither includes nor contemplates the
inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive
fee, pursuant to an interpretation of the AICPA Technical Practice Aid for
investment companies, the Company accrues capital gains incentive fees on
unrealized gains. This accrual reflects the incentive fees that would be
payable to CIM if the Company s entire investment portfolio was liquidated at
its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though CIM is not entitled to
an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains
are actually realized.   

For purposes of the asset coverage ratio
test applicable to the Company as a BDC, the Company treats the outstanding
notional amount of the TRS, less the total amount of cash collateral posted by
Flatiron under the TRS, as a senior security for the life of that instrument.
The Company may, however, accord different treatment to the TRS in the future
in accordance with any applicable new rules or interpretations adopted by the
staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.   

Further, for purposes of Section 55(a)
under the 1940 Act, the Company treats each loan underlying the TRS as a
qualifying asset if the obligor on such loan is an eligible portfolio company
and as a non-qualifying asset if the obligor is not an eligible portfolio
company. The Company may, however, accord different treatment to the TRS in the
future in accordance with any applicable new rules or interpretations adopted
by the staff of the SEC.   

31   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The
following is a summary of the underlying loans subject to the TRS as of September
30, 2016:   

32   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(a)  

All of the underlying loans subject to the TRS are issued by
  eligible U.S. portfolio companies, as defined in the 1940 Act, except for
  investments specifically identified as non-qualifying per note (d) below. The
  Company does not control and is not an affiliate of any of the companies that
  are issuers of the underlying loans subject to the TRS.  

(b)  

The 1, 3, and 6 month LIBOR rates were 0.53%, 0.85% and 1.24%,
  respectively, as of September 30, 2016. The actual LIBOR rate for each loan
  listed may not be the applicable LIBOR rate as of September 30, 2016, as the
  loan may have been priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate prior to or
  subsequent to September 30, 2016.  

(c)  

Fair value determined by the Company s board of directors (see
  Note 9).  

(d)  

All or a portion of the underlying loan subject to the TRS is
  not a qualifying asset under the 1940 Act. A business development company may
  not acquire any asset other than qualifying assets, unless, at the time the
  acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the
  company s total assets as defined under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. As of
  September 30, 2016, 91.7% of the Company s total assets represented
  qualifying assets. In addition, as described in this Note 7, the Company
  calculates its compliance with the qualifying asset test on a  look through 
  basis by treating each loan underlying the TRS as either a qualifying asset
  or non-qualifying asset based on whether the obligor is an eligible portfolio
  company. On this basis, 90.3% of the Company s total assets represented
  qualifying assets as of September 30, 2016.  

(e)  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the following
  underlying loans subject to the TRS contain a PIK interest provision whereby
  the issuer has either the option or the obligation to make interest payments
  with the issuance of additional securities:  

Interest Rate   

Interest Amount   

Issuer of Underlying Loan   

Investment Type   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Cash   

PIK   

Total   

Smile Brands Group, Inc.(f)  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

7.50%  

1.50%  

9.00%  

$  

233  

$  

41  

$  

274  

Southcross Holdings Borrower LP(g)  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

3.50%  

5.50%  

9.00%  

$  

1  

$  

1  

$  

2  

(f)  

Outstanding principal and accrued interest of the underlying
  loan was fully repaid on August 17, 2016.  

(g)  

Prior to September 30, 2016, the underlying loan was assigned to
  the Company and removed from the TRS.  

33   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

The
following is a summary of the underlying loans subject to the TRS as of
December 31, 2015:   

34   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(a)  

All of the underlying loans subject to the TRS are issued by
  eligible U.S. portfolio companies, as defined in the 1940 Act, except for
  investments specifically identified as non-qualifying per note (e) below. The
  Company does not control and is not an affiliate of any of the companies that
  are issuers of the underlying loans subject to the TRS.  

(b)  

The 1, 2, 3, and 6 month LIBOR rates were 0.43%, 0.51%, 0.61%
  and 0.85%, respectively, as of December 31, 2015. The actual LIBOR rate for
  each loan listed may not be the applicable LIBOR rate as of December 31,
  2015, as the loan may have been priced or repriced based on a LIBOR rate
  prior to or subsequent to December 31, 2015. The prime rate was 3.50% as of
  December 31, 2015.  

(c)  

Fair value determined by the Company s board of directors (see
  Note 9).  

(d)  

Position or portion thereof unsettled as of December 31, 2015.  

(e)  

All or a portion of the underlying loan subject to the TRS is
  not a qualifying asset under the 1940 Act. A business development company may
  not acquire any asset other than qualifying assets, unless, at the time the
  acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the
  Company s total assets as defined under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. As of
  December 31, 2015, 90.0% of the Company s total assets represented qualifying
  assets. In addition, as described in this Note 7, the Company calculates its
  compliance with the qualifying asset test on a  look through  basis by
  treating each loan underlying the TRS as either a qualifying asset or
  non-qualifying asset based on whether the obligor is an eligible portfolio
  company. On this basis, 87.2% of the Company s total assets represented
  qualifying assets as of December 31, 2015.  

(f)  

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the following underlying
  loan subject to the TRS contains a PIK interest provision whereby the issuer
  has either the option or the obligation to make interest payments with the
  issuance of additional securities:  

Interest Rate   

Interest Amount   

Issuer of Underlying Loan   

Investment Type   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Cash   

PIK   

All-in-Rate   

Smile Brands Group, Inc.  

Senior Secured
  First Lien Debt  

7.50%  

1.50%  

9.00%  

$  

362  

$  

16  

$  

378  

35   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Note 8. Credit Facilities    

JPM Credit Facility    

On August
26, 2016, 34 th  Street Funding, LLC, or 34 th  Street, a
newly-formed, wholly-owned, consolidated, special purpose financing subsidiary
of the Company, entered into a senior secured credit facility with JPMorgan Chase
Bank, National Association, or JPM. The senior secured credit facility with
JPM, or the JPM Credit Facility, provides for delayed-draw borrowings in an
aggregate principal amount of $150,000, of which $25,000 may be funded as a
revolving credit facility, each subject to conditions described in the JPM
Credit Facility. On August 26, 2016, 34 th  Street drew down $57,000
of borrowings under the JPM Credit Facility.    

On September
30, 2016, 34th Street amended and restated the JPM Credit Facility, or the Amended
JPM Credit Facility, with JPM. Under the Amended JPM Credit Facility, the
aggregate principal amount available for delayed-draw borrowings was increased
from $150,000 to $225,000, of which $25,000 may be funded as a revolving credit
facility, each subject to conditions described in the Amended JPM Credit
Facility. On September 30, 2016, 34th Street drew down $167,423 of additional
borrowings under the Amended JPM Credit Facility, a portion of which was used
to purchase the portfolio of loans from     CS Park View     as discussed in Note 6. No other material terms of the JPM Credit
Facility were revised in connection with the Amended JPM Credit Facility.   

Advances
under the Amended JPM Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate equal to
the three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of 3.50% per year. Interest is payable
quarterly in arrears. All advances under the Amended JPM Credit Facility will
mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable,
by no later than August 23, 2020. 34th Street may prepay advances pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the Amended JPM Credit Facility, subject to a 1%
premium in certain circumstances. In addition, 34th Street will be subject to a
non-usage fee of 0.5% and 1.0% per year on the amount, if any, of the aggregate
principal amount available under the Amended JPM Credit Facility that has not
been borrowed during the period from the closing date and ending on, but
excluding, May 23, 2017, or the Ramp-Up Period, and from the termination of the
Ramp-Up Period and ending on, but excluding, August 23, 2019, respectively. The
non-usage fees, if any, are payable quarterly in arrears.    

The Company contributed
loans and other corporate debt securities to 34th Street in exchange for 100%
of the membership interests of 34th Street, and may contribute additional loans
and other corporate debt securities to 34th Street in the future. 34th Street s
obligations to JPM under the Amended JPM Credit Facility are secured by a first
priority security interest in all of the assets of 34th Street. The obligations
of 34th Street under the Amended JPM Credit Facility are non-recourse to the
Company, and the Company s exposure under the Amended JPM Credit Facility is
limited to the value of the Company s investment in 34th Street.    

In
connection with the Amended JPM Credit Facility, 34 th  Street has
made certain representations and warranties and is required to comply with
various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for
similar facilities.     As of and
from August 26, 2016 to September 30, 2016, 34 th  Street was in
compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements.   

The Company
incurred debt issuance costs of $3,566 in connection with obtaining and
amending the JPM Credit Facility, which were recorded as a     direct reduction to the
outstanding balance of the Amended JPM Credit Facility, which is included in th    e     Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016 and will amortize to interest expense over the term of the Amended JPM
Credit Facility. At September 30, 2016, the unamortized portion of the debt
issuance costs was $3,485.   

For the
period from August 26, 2016 to September 30, 2016, the components of interest
expense,     average borrowings,
and weighted average interest rate for the Amended JPM Credit Facility were as
follows:   

Stated interest
  expense  

$  

267  

Amortization of
  deferred financing costs  

81  

Non-usage fee  

45  

Total
  interest expense   

$   

393   

Weighted average
  interest rate(1)  

5.07%  

Average
  borrowings  

$  

61,651  

(1)  

Includes the stated interest expense and commitment fees on the
  unused portion of the Amended JPM Credit Facility.  

36   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

East West Bank Credit Facility    

On April 30,
2015, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility, or the EWB
Credit Facility, with East West Bank, or EWB. The EWB Credit Facility provides
for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of up to $40,000, subject to certain
conditions, and the Company is required to maintain $2,000 in a demand deposit
account with EWB at all times. As of and for the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and reporting requirements
under the EWB Credit Facility.   

Advances
under the EWB Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate equal to (i) the
greater of 3.25% per year or the variable rate of interest per year announced
by EWB as its prime rate, which was 3.50% at September 30, 2016, plus (ii)
a spread of 0.75%. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. Each advance under
the EWB Credit Facility will be due and payable on the earlier of 90 days from
the date such advance was made by EWB, or April 27, 2017. The Company may
prepay any advance without penalty or premium. The Company will be subject to a
non-usage fee of 0.50% per year on the average amount, if any, of the aggregate
principal amount available under the EWB Credit Facility that has not been
borrowed, payable at the end of each quarter. The non-usage fee, if any, is payable
quarterly in arrears. The Company s obligations to EWB under the EWB Credit
Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in certain eligible investments
in which the Company has a beneficial interest, as updated from time to time.   

On January
28, 2016, the Company entered into the first amendment to the EWB Credit
Facility with EWB. Under the original EWB Credit Facility, the borrowing base
was the lesser of (i) the average monthly net proceeds received by the Company
from the sale of its equity securities during the trailing three month period
ending on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month; or (ii) 50%
of collateral securing the EWB Credit Facility. Under the first amendment,
during the period commencing on January 30, 2016 through July 31, 2016, (i) the
trailing equity component of the borrowing base was removed; (ii) the borrowing
base was decreased to 40% of the collateral securing the EWB Credit Facility;
and (iii) the required minimum fair market value of the collateral securing the
EWB Credit Facility was increased from two to two and one-half times all
outstanding advances under the EWB Credit Facility. Prior to entering into the
second amendment to the EWB Credit Facility (as described below), these amended
provisions were scheduled to revert back to their original terms on July 31,
2016.   

On April 21,
2016, the Company entered into the second amendment to the EWB Credit Facility
with EWB. Under the second amendment, the date after which the amended
provisions of the first amendment will revert back to their original terms was
extended from July 31, 2016 to September 30, 2016 and the maturity date of the
EWB Credit Facility was extended from April 29, 2016 to April 27, 2017.   

The Company
incurred costs of $278 in connection with obtaining the EWB Credit Facility,
which the Company initially recorded as prepaid expenses and other assets on
the Company s consolidated balance sheets and amortized to interest expense
over the initial life of the EWB Credit Facility. On April 21, 2016, the
Company incurred additional costs of $200 in connection with the second
amendment to the EWB Credit Facility, which the Company initially recorded as
prepaid expenses and other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets
and amortizes to interest expense over the life of the EWB Credit Facility
pursuant to the second amendment.    

For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the components of
interest expense,     average
borrowings, and weighted average interest rate     for the EWB Credit Facility were as follows:   

37   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Note 9. Fair Value of Financial Instruments    

The following table presents fair value
measurements of the Company s portfolio investments and TRS as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, according to the fair value hierarchy:   

The following tables provide a
reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level
3 inputs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

(1)   

Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  on investments in the consolidated statements of operations except where
  related to the total return swap, which is included in net change in
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on total return swap.  

38   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(1)   

Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  on investments in the consolidated statements of operations except where
  related to the total return swap, which is included in net change in
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on total return swap.  

(1)   

Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  on investments in the consolidated statements of operations except where
  related to the total return swap, which is included in net change in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) on total return swap.  

39   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(1)   

Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  on investments in the consolidated statements of operations except where
  related to the total return swap, which is included in net change in
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on total return swap.  

Significant Unobservable Inputs     

The valuation techniques and significant
unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of investments
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:   

(1)  

Weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values.  

40   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(1)  

Weighted average
  amounts are based on the estimated fair values.  

The significant unobservable inputs used in
the fair value measurement of the Company s senior secured first lien debt,
senior secured second lien debt, collateralized securities and structured
products, unsecured debt, equity, and total return swap are discount rates,
EBITDA and revenue multiples, and broker quotes. A significant increase or
decrease in discount rates would result in a significantly lower or higher fair
value measurement, respectively. A significant increase or decrease in the EBITDA
and revenue multiples and broker quotes would result in a significantly higher
or lower fair value measurement, respectively.   

Note 10. General and Administrative Expense    

General and administrative expense
consisted of the following items for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:   

Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies    

The Company entered into certain contracts
with other parties that contain a variety of indemnifications. The Company s
maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown. However, the Company has
not experienced claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and believes the
risk of loss related to such indemnifications to be remote.   

41   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company s unfunded commitments were as follows:   

(1)  

Unless otherwise noted, the funding criteria for these unfunded
  commitments had not been met at the date indicated.  

(2)  

See Note 6 for a further description of our investment in CCSLF.  

(3)  

As of November 7, 2016, the Company's unfunded commitments were
  to portfolio companies Studio Movie Grill Holdings, LLC, Elemica Holdings,
  Inc., ABG Intermediate Holdings 2 LLC, Ivy Hill Middle Market Credit Fund
  VIII, Ltd., and American Media, Inc. in the amount of $4,127, $2,500, $1,119,
  $1,111 and $830, respectively, and also included an unfunded commitment of
  $40,000 to CCSLF.   

Unfunded commitments to provide
funds to companies are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded
commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future
earning assets for the Company.  The Company intends to use cash on hand, short
term investments, proceeds from borrowings, and other liquid assets to fund
these commitments should the need arise    .        For information on the
companies to which the Company is committed to fund additional amounts as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, refer to the table above and the consolidated
schedules of investments.   

The Company will fund its
unfunded commitments from the same sources it uses to fund its investment
commitments that are funded at the time they are made (i.e., advances from its
credit facilities and/or cash flows from operations). The Company will not fund
its unfunded commitments from future net proceeds generated by securities
offerings. The Company follows a process to manage its liquidity and ensure
that it has available capital to fund its unfunded commitments. Specifically,
the Company prepares detailed analyses of the level of its unfunded commitments
relative to its then available liquidity on a daily basis. These analyses are
reviewed and discussed on a weekly basis by the Company s executive officers
and senior members of CIM (including members of the investment committee) and
are updated on a  real time  basis in order to ensure that the Company has
adequate liquidity to satisfy its unfunded commitments.    

The Company does not include
its unfunded capital commitment to CCSLF as a senior security for the asset
coverage ratio, as the capital commitments cannot be drawn without an
affirmative vote by one of the Company s representatives on CCSLF s board of
managers.    

Note 12. Fee Income    

Fee
income consists of commitment fees and amendment fees. The following table
summarizes the Company s fee income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all fee income was non-recurring.   

42   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

Note 13.
Financial Highlights    

The following is a schedule of financial
highlights as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

(1)  

The per share data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
  and 2015 was derived by using the weighted average shares of common stock
  outstanding during each period.   

(2)  

Net investment income per share includes expense recoupments to CIG
  of $0.01 and $0.06 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
  2015, respectively. There was no expense support from CIG or AIM for the nine
  months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

(3)  

The amount shown for net realized gain and net change in
  unrealized depreciation on investments is the balancing figure derived from
  the other figures in the schedule. The amount shown at this caption for a
  share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in the
  aggregate gains and losses in portfolio securities for the period because of
  the timing of sales and repurchases of the Company s shares in relation to
  fluctuating market values for the portfolio. As a result, net increase in net
  assets resulting from operations in this schedule may vary from the
  consolidated statements of operations.  

(4)  

Distributions in excess of net investment income represent
  certain expenses, which are not deductible on a tax-basis.  Unearned capital
  gains incentive fees and certain offering expenses reduce GAAP basis net
  investment income, but do not reduce tax basis net investment income. These
  tax-related adjustments represent additional net investment income available
  for distribution for tax purposes.  

43   

C ON Investment Corporation    

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         (unaudited)      

      September
30, 2016      

      (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)      

(5)  

The continuous issuance of shares of common stock may cause an
  incremental increase in net asset value per share due to the sale of shares
  at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds
  per share by the Company in excess of net asset value per share on each
  subscription closing date. The per share impact of the continuous issuance of
  shares of common stock was an increase to net asset value of less than $0.01
  per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

(6)  

Repurchases of common stock may cause an incremental decrease in
  net asset value per share due to the repurchase of shares at a price in
  excess of net asset value per share on each repurchase date. The per share
  impact of repurchases of common stock was a decrease to net asset value of
  less than $0.01 per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
  2015.  

(7)  

Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the
  change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s common stock at
  the beginning and end of the period, including distributions paid or payable
  during the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i)
  the beginning period net asset value per share on the first day of the
  period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period of
  (A) one share plus (B) any fractional shares issued in connection with the
  reinvestment of monthly distributions, and (iii) the value of distributions
  payable, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment
  return-net asset value calculation assumes that monthly cash distributions
  are reinvested in accordance with the Company's distribution reinvestment
  plan then in effect as described in Note 5. The total investment return-net
  asset value does not consider the effect of the sales load from the sale of
  the Company s common stock. The total investment return-net asset value
  includes the effect of the issuance of shares at a net offering price that is
  greater than net asset value per share, which causes an increase in net asset
  value per share. Total returns covering less than a full year are not
  annualized.  

(8)  

Excluding the recoupment of expense support to CIG during the
  period, the ratio of net investment income to average net assets would have been
  3.54% and 2.79% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
  respectively.  

(9)  

Ratio of gross operating expenses to average net assets does not
  include expense support provided by CIG and/or AIM, if any.  

(10)  

The ratio of gross expense recoupments to CIG to average net
  assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was (0.07%) and
  (0.62%), respectively.  

(11)  

In order to record an obligation to reimburse CIG for expense
  support provided, the ratio of gross operating expenses to average net
  assets, when considering the recoupment, in the period in which recoupment is
  sought cannot exceed the ratio of gross operating expenses to average net
  assets for the period when the expense support was provided. For purposes of
  this calculation, gross operating expenses include all expenses borne by the
  Company, except for offering and organizational costs, base management fees,
  incentive fees, administrative services expenses, other general and
  administrative expenses owed to CIM and its affiliates and interest expense.
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the ratio of gross
  operating expenses to average net assets, when considering recoupment to CIG,
  was 0.43% and 0.52%, respectively.  

(12)  

Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of
  year-to-date sales or purchases over the average of the invested assets at
  fair value, excluding short term investments, and is not annualized.  

(13)  

Asset coverage ratio is equal to (i) the sum of (a) net assets
  at the end of the period and (b) total senior securities outstanding at the
  end of the period (excluding unfunded commitments), divided by (ii) total
  senior securities outstanding at the end of the period. For purposes of the
  asset coverage ratio test applicable to the Company as a BDC, the Company
  treats the outstanding TRS notional amount at the end of the period, less the
  total amount of cash collateral posted by Flatiron under the TRS, as well as
  unfunded commitments (as of September 30, 2015 only), as senior securities. 
  The Company does not include its unfunded capital commitment to CCSLF as a
  senior security for the asset coverage ratio, as the capital commitment
  cannot be drawn without an affirmative vote by one of the Company's
  representatives on CCSLF's board of managers.  

44   

Item 2. M    anagement s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,  we, 
 us,   our  or similar terms include C ON Investment Corporation and its
consolidated subsidiaries.  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to
historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking information that
involves risks and uncertainties. Amounts and percentages presented herein may
have been rounded for presentation and all dollar amounts, excluding share and
per share amounts, are presented in thousands unless otherwise noted.  

Forward-Looking
Statements   

Some of the
statements within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking
statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or
financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q may include statements as to:  

our future operating
  results;  

our business prospects and the
  prospects of our portfolio companies;  

the impact of the investments
  that we expect to make;  

the ability of our portfolio
  companies to achieve their objectives;  

our current and expected
  financings and investments;  

the adequacy of our cash
  resources, financing sources and working capital;  

the use of borrowed money to
  finance a portion of our investments;  

the timing of cash flows, if
  any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;  

our contractual arrangements
  and relationships with third parties;  

the actual and potential
  conflicts of interest with CIM and Apollo and their respective affiliates;  

the ability of CIM and AIM to
  locate suitable investments for us and the ability of CIM to monitor and
  administer our investments;  

the ability of CIM and AIM and
  their respective affiliates to attract and retain highly talented
  professionals;  

the dependence of our future
  success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we
  invest;  

the effects of a changing
  interest rate environment;  

our ability to source
  favorable private investments;  

our tax status;  

the effect of changes to tax legislation
  and our tax position;  

the tax status of the
  companies in which we invest; and  

the timing and amount of
  distributions and dividends from the companies in which we invest.  

In addition, words such
as  anticipate,   believe,   expect  and  intend  indicate a forward-looking
statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve
risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those
implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason,
including the factors set forth in  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Other factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially include:  

changes in the economy;   

risks associated with possible
  disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or
  natural disasters; and   

future changes in laws or
  regulations and conditions in our operating areas.   

45   

We have based
the forward-looking statements on information available to us on the date of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by the federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. You are advised to review any additional disclosures that
we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file
with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are excluded from the safe harbor
protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

Overview    

We were incorporated under the general
corporation laws of the State of Maryland on August 9, 2011 and commenced
operations on December 17, 2012 upon raising proceeds of $2,500 from persons
not affiliated with us, CIM or Apollo. We are an externally managed,
non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be
regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We elected to be treated for federal
income tax purposes as a RIC, as defined under Subchapter M of the Code.   

   Our investment
objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital
appreciation for investors. Our portfolio is comprised primarily of   investments in senior secured debt, including first lien
loans, second lien loans and unitranche loans, and, to a lesser extent,
collateralized securities, structured products and other similar securities,
unsecured debt, including corporate bonds and long-term subordinated loans,
referred to as mezzanine loans, and equity of private and thinly traded U.S.
middle-market companies.   In connection with our debt investments, we may
receive equity interests such as warrants or options as additional
consideration. We may also purchase minority interests in the form of common or
preferred equity in our target companies, either in conjunction with one of our
debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor.    

We are managed by CIM, our affiliate and a
registered investment adviser. CIM oversees the management of our activities
and is responsible for making investment decisions for our portfolio. We and
CIM have engaged AIM to act as our investment sub-adviser. On November 1, 2016,
our board of directors, including a majority of directors who are not
interested persons, approved the renewal of the investment advisory agreement
with CIM and the investment sub-advisory agreement with AIM, each for a period
of twelve months commencing December 17, 2016.   

We seek to meet our investment objective by
utilizing the experienced management teams of both CIM and AIM, which includes
their access to the relationships and human capital of Apollo, CIG and ICON
Capital, in sourcing, evaluating and structuring transactions, as well as
monitoring and servicing our investments. We focus primarily on the senior secured
debt of private and thinly-traded U.S. middle-market companies, which we define
as companies that generally possess annual EBITDA of $50 million or less, with
experienced management teams, significant free cash flow, strong competitive
positions and potential for growth.    

Revenue     

We primarily generate revenue in the form
of interest income on the debt securities that we hold and capital gains on
debt or other equity interests that we acquire in portfolio companies. The
majority of our senior debt investments bear interest at a floating rate.
Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or monthly. In some
cases, some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or
PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued, but
unpaid, interest generally will become due at the maturity date. In addition,
we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, structuring or diligence
fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly
consulting fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection
with our investments will be recognized when earned.   

Operating Expenses     

Our primary
operating expenses are the payment of advisory fees and other expenses under
the investment advisory and administration agreements. Our investment advisory
fee compensates CIM for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating,
executing, monitoring and servicing our investments. CIM is responsible for
compensating AIM for its services pursuant to the investment sub-advisory
agreement. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions.   

46   

Portfolio Investment Activity for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015    

The following table
summarizes our investment activity, excluding short term investments, for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

The following table
summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio at amortized cost and
fair value and our underlying TRS loans portfolio at notional amount and fair
value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

(1)  

Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the
  amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on our
  investments.  

(2)  

Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that
  invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of
  three months or less.  

(3)  

The sum of investment portfolio and TRS portfolio companies does
  not equal the total number of portfolio companies. This is due to 13
  portfolio companies being in both the investment and TRS portfolios.  

(4)  

The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be
  higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes
  our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees.   

(5)  

The gross annual portfolio yield for underlying TRS loans is
  determined without giving consideration to leverage.  

47   

(1)  

Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the
  amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on our
  investments.  

(2)  

Short term investments represent an investment in a fund that
  invests in highly liquid investments with average original maturity dates of
  three months or less.  

(3)  

The sum of investment portfolio and TRS portfolio companies does
  not equal the total number of portfolio companies. This is due to 27
  portfolio companies being in both the investment and TRS portfolios.  

(4)  

The gross annual portfolio yield does not represent and may be
  higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it excludes
  our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees.   

(5)  

The gross annual portfolio yield for underlying TRS loans is
  determined without giving consideration to leverage.  

The following table summarizes the
composition of our investment portfolio and our underlying TRS loans portfolio by
the type of interest rate as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
excluding short term investments of $56,771 and $18,892, respectively:   

48   

The following table
shows the composition of our investment portfolio and our underlying TRS loans
portfolio by industry classification and the percentage, by fair value, of the
total assets in such industries as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

49   

Except for CCSLF, we do not  control  and
are not an  affiliate  of any of our portfolio companies or any of the
companies of the loans underlying the TRS, each as defined in the 1940 Act. In
general, under the 1940 Act, we would be presumed to  control  a portfolio
company or issuer if we owned 25% or more of its voting securities and would be
an  affiliate  of a portfolio company or issuer if we owned 5% or more of its
voting securities.    

Our
investment portfolio may contain senior secured investments that are in the
form of lines of credit, revolving credit facilities, or unfunded commitments,
which may require us to provide funding when requested in accordance with the
terms of the underlying agreements. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, our unfunded commitments amounted to $49,627 and $43,404, respectively.
As of November 7, 2016, our unfunded commitments amounted to $49,687. Since
these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do
not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for
us. For additional information on our unfunded commitments, refer to Note 11 to
our consolidated financial statements included in this report.   

50   

Investment Portfolio
Asset Quality   

CIM uses an investment rating system to characterize
and monitor our expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio.
These ratings are just one of several factors that CIM uses to monitor our
portfolio, are not in and of themselves determinative of fair value or revenue
recognition and are presented for indicative purposes. CIM rates the credit
risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 5 no less frequently than quarterly.
This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio
investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio
investment (i.e., at the time of acquisition), although it may also take into
account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s
business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors.  

The following is a description of the conditions
associated with each investment rating used in this ratings system:   

Investment Rating   

Description   

1  

Indicates
  the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk
  factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally
  favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a
  potential exit.  

2  

Indicates
  a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our
  initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio
  company is generally performing in accordance with our analysis of its
  business and the full return of principal and interest or dividend is
  expected.  

3  

Indicates
  that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has
  increased since origination or acquisition, but full return of principal and
  interest or dividend is expected. A portfolio company with an investment rating
  of 3 requires closer monitoring.  

4  

Indicates
  that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has
  increased significantly since origination or acquisition, including as a
  result of factors such as declining performance and noncompliance with debt
  covenants, and we expect some loss of interest, dividend or capital
  appreciation, but still expect an overall positive internal rate of return on
  the investment.  

5  

Indicates
  that the risk to our ability to recoup the cost of such investment has
  increased materially since origination or acquisition and the portfolio
  company likely has materially declining performance. Loss of interest or
  dividend and some loss of principal investment is expected, which would
  result in an overall negative internal rate of return on the investment.  

For investments rated 3, 4, or 5, CIM
enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company.  

51   

The following table summarizes the composition of our investment
portfolio and our underlying TRS loans portfolio based on the 1 to 5 investment
rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
excluding short term investments of $56,771 and $18,892, respectively:   

The amount of the investment portfolio and
underlying TRS loans in each rating category may vary substantially from period
to period resulting primarily from changes in the composition of each portfolio
as a result of new investment, repayment and exit activities. In addition,
changes in the rating of investments may be made to reflect our expectation of
performance and changes in investment values.    

Current Investment Portfolio     

As of November 7, 2016, our investment
portfolio, excluding our short term investments and TRS, consisted of interests
in 100 portfolio companies (43% in senior secured first lien debt, 46% in
senior secured second lien debt, 7% in collateralized securities and structured
products (comprised of 2% invested in rated debt, 2% invested in non-rated debt
and 3% invested in non-rated equity of such securities and products), 3% in
unsecured debt and 1% in equity) with a total fair value of $971,967 with an
average and median portfolio company annual EBITDA of $54.7 million and $43.4
million, respectively, at initial investment. As of November 7, 2016,
investments in our portfolio, excluding our short term investments and TRS,
were purchased at a weighted average price of 95.84% of par value. Our
estimated gross annual portfolio yield was 9.91% based upon the purchase price
of such investments. The estimated gross portfolio yield does not represent and
may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it
excludes our expenses and all sales commissions and dealer manager fees. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total investment return-net asset
value was 10.25%. Total investment return-net asset value does not represent
and may be higher than an actual investment return to shareholders because it
excludes all sales commissions and dealer manager fees. Total investment
return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for
shareholders who held our common stock at the beginning and end of the period,
including distributions paid or payable during the period, and is described
further in Note 13 of our consolidated financial statements.   

As of November 7, 2016, our only short term
investment was an investment in a U.S. Treasury Obligations Fund of $93,893.   

Further, as of November 7, 2016,
through a TRS (described further in Note 7 of our consolidated financial
statements), we obtained the economic benefit of owning investments in first
and second lien senior secured floating-rate loans of 52 portfolio companies.
We also held one credit default swap with a notional amount of  22,000 and a
fair value of $167 as of November 7, 2016.   

52   

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015    

Our results of operations for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:   

Investment Income     

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated investment income of $18,733
and $14,833, respectively, consisting primarily of interest income on
investments in senior secured debt, collateralized securities, structured
products, and unsecured debt of 108 and 86 portfolio companies held during each
respective period. Our average investment portfolio size, excluding short term
investments and the TRS, increased $208,563, from $633,093 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 to $841,656 for the three months ended September 30,
2016, as we continued to deploy the net proceeds from our follow-on continuous
public offering and the net proceeds from our borrowings. We expect our
investment portfolio to continue to grow due to the anticipated equity
available to us for investment from our follow-on continuous public offering,
which commenced on January 25, 2016, and proceeds from our borrowings. As a
result, we believe that reported investment income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is not representative of our stabilized or future
performance. Interest income earned by loans underlying the TRS is not included
in investment income in the consolidated statements of operations, but rather
it is recorded as part of net realized gain on total return swap.   

Operating Expenses     

The composition of our operating expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:   

53   

The composition of our general and administrative expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:   

Expense Support and Recoupment of Expense
Support      

Our affiliate, CIG, agreed to provide
expense support to us commencing with the quarter ended December 31, 2012 for
certain expenses pursuant to the expense support and conditional reimbursement
agreement. On December 16, 2015, we further amended and restated the expense
support and conditional reimbursement agreement for purposes of including AIM
as a party to the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement and
extending the termination date from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016.
Commencing with the quarter beginning January 1, 2016, CIG and AIM each agrees
to provide expense support to us for 50% of certain expenses pursuant to the
second amended and restated expense support and conditional reimbursement
agreement. Refer to Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further
details about the second amended and restated expense support and conditional
reimbursement agreement and additional disclosure regarding expense support from
CIG and AIM.   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, CIG and AIM did not provide any expense support or recoup any previously
provided expense support. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, CIG
did not provide any expense support and recouped $1,758 of expense support   made during the three months ended September 30, 2013,
December 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014 in connection with the expense support and
conditional reimbursement agreement  .    

Recoupment of such support will be
determined as appropriate to meet the objectives of the second amended and
restated expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement. As a result,
we may or may not be requested to reimburse CIG and AIM for any expense support
that may be received from CIG and AIM in the future.   

54   

Net Investment Income      

Our net investment income totaled $10,695
and $7,912 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The increase in net investment income was primarily due to an increase in the
size of our investment portfolio relative to our expenses as we continued to
achieve economies of scale due to proceeds received from our continuous public
offerings and our credit facilities.   

Net Realized Gain on Investments     

Our net realized gain on investments
totaled $379 and $142 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The increase in net realized gain on investments was mainly due
to an increase in principal repayment activity during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.
During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we received sale proceeds of
$2,047 and principal repayments of $39,552, resulting in net realized gains of
$379. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we received sale proceeds
of $8,046 and principal repayments of $3,309, resulting in net realized gains
of $142.    

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation)
on Investments     

The net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on our investments totaled $14,948 and ($7,758) for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   This change was predominantly driven by a tightening of credit spreads
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that positively impacted the
fair value of certain investments compared to a widening of credit spreads
during the three months ended September 30, 2015 that negatively impacted the
fair value of certain investments.    

Net Realized Gain on TRS     

Our net realized gain on the TRS totaled $8,188
and $8,620 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The components of net realized gain on the TRS are summarized below:   

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation)
on TRS     

The net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on the TRS totaled $9,527 and ($12,506) for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   This
change was predominantly driven by a tightening of credit spreads during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 that positively impacted the fair value
of certain loans underlying the TRS compared to a widening of credit spreads
during the three months ended September 30, 2015 that negatively impacted the
fair value of certain loans underlying the TRS.   

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets
Resulting from Operations     

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of
$43,737 compared to a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of
($3,590) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of our
operating activity for the respective periods.   

55   

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015    

Our results of operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:   

Investment Income     

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated investment income of $53,834
and $35,665, respectively, consisting primarily of interest income on
investments in senior secured debt, collateralized securities, structured
products, and unsecured debt of 120 and 87 portfolio companies held during each
respective period. Our average investment portfolio size, excluding short term
investments and the TRS, increased $298,834, from $516,423 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 to $815,257 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
as we continued to deploy the net proceeds from our follow-on continuous public
offering and the net proceeds from our borrowings. We expect our investment
portfolio to continue to grow due to the anticipated equity available to us for
investment from our follow-on continuous public offering, which commenced on
January 25, 2016, and proceeds from our borrowings. As a result, we believe
that reported investment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 is not representative of our stabilized or future performance.
Interest income earned by loans underlying the TRS is not included in
investment income in the consolidated statements of operations, but rather it
is recorded as part of net realized gain on total return swap.   

Operating Expenses     

The composition of our operating expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:   

56   

The composition of our general and administrative expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:   

Expense Support and Recoupment of Expense
Support      

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, CIG and AIM did not provide any expense support. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, CIG recouped $667 of expense support made during the
three months ended December 31, 2014 in connection with the expense support and
conditional reimbursement agreement. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, CIG did not provide any expense support and recouped $4,187 of expense
support made during the three months ended March 31, 2013, June 30, 2013,
September 30, 2013, December 31, 2013, and March 31, 2014 in connection with
the expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement.    

Refer to Note 4 to our consolidated
financial statements for further details regarding expense support from CIG and
AIM.   

Net Investment Income     

Our net investment income totaled $32,000
and $14,549 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The increase in net investment income was primarily due to an
increase in the size of our investment portfolio relative to our expenses as we
continued to achieve economies of scale due to the proceeds from our continuous
public offerings and our credit facilities.   

57   

Net Realized Gain on Investments     

Our net realized gain on investments
totaled $1,078 and $717 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.   The increase in net realized gain on
investments was mainly due to an increase in sale and principal repayment
activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015  . During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we received sale proceeds of $14,462 and principal repayments of
$126,908, resulting in net realized gains of $1,078. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, we received sale proceeds of $63,847 and principal
repayments of $6,819, resulting in net realized gains of $717.   

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) on Investments     

The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on our investments totaled $16,587 and ($5,327) for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   This change was
driven primarily by a greater degree of credit spread tightening during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 that
positively impacted the fair value of certain investments compared to
the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Net Realized Gain on TRS     

Our net realized gain on the TRS totaled $23,799
and $23,742 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The components of net realized gain on the TRS are summarized below:   

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) on TRS     

The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on the TRS totaled $16,826 and ($9,707) for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively.   This change was driven
primarily by a greater degree of credit spread tightening during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 that
positively impacted the fair value of certain loans underlying the TRS
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from
Operations     

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from
operations of $90,290 and $23,974, respectively, as a result of our operating activity
for the respective periods.    

58   

Net Asset Value per Share, Annual Investment Return and Total
Return Since Inception     

Our net asset value per share was $9.02 and
$8.71 on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. After
considering (i) the overall changes in net asset value per share, (ii) paid
distributions of approximately $0.5487 per share during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, and (iii  ) the assumed
reinvestment of those distributions   in accordance with our distribution
reinvestment plan then in effect  , the total
investment return was 10.25%   for the nine month period ended September
30, 2016. Total investment return-net asset value does not represent and may be
higher than an actual return to shareholders because it excludes all sales
commissions and dealer manager fees. Total investment return-net asset value is
a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held our common
stock at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions paid or
payable during the period, and is described further in Note 13 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this report.   

Initial shareholders who subscribed to the
offering in December 2012 with an initial investment of $10,000 and an initial
purchase price equal to $9.00 per share (public offering price net of sales
load) have seen an annualized return of 8.10% and a cumulative total return of 34.36%
through September 30, 2016 (see chart below). Initial shareholders who subscribed
to the offering in December 2012 with an initial investment of $10,000 and an
initial purchase price equal to $10.00 per share (the initial public offering
price including sales load) have seen an annualized return of 5.14% and a
cumulative total return of 20.93% through September 30, 2016. Over the same
time period, the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index, a primary measure of senior
debt covering the U.S. leveraged loan market, which currently consists of
approximately 1,000 credit facilities throughout numerous industries, recorded
an annualized return of 3.84% and a cumulative total return of 15.34%. In
addition, the BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Index, a primary measure of
short-term US dollar denominated below investment grade corporate debt publicly
issued in the US domestic market, recorded an annualized return of 5.22% and a
cumulative total return of 21.28% over the same period.   

(1) Cumulative performance: December 17,
2012 to September 30, 2016   

The calculations for the Growth of $10,000
Initial Investment are based upon (i) an initial investment of $10,000 in our
common stock at the beginning of the period, at a share price of $10.00 per
share (including sales load) and $9.00 per share (excluding sales load), (ii)
assumes reinvestment of monthly distributions in accordance with our
distribution reinvestment plan then in effect, (iii) the sale of the entire
investment position at the net asset value per share on the last day of the
period, and (iv) the distributions declared and payable to shareholders, if
any, on the last day of the period.   

59   

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources    

We generate cash primarily from the net
proceeds from our follow-on continuous public offering and from cash flows from
interest, fees and dividends earned from our investments as well as principal
repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. We also employ leverage
to seek to enhance our returns as market conditions permit and at the
discretion of CIM, but in no event will leverage employed exceed 50% of the
value of our total assets, as required by the 1940 Act. We are engaged in a
follow-on continuous public offering of shares of our common stock. Our initial
continuous public offering commenced on July 2, 2012 and ended on December 31,
2015. Our follow-on continuous public offering commenced on January 25, 2016.
We accept subscriptions on a continuous basis and issue shares at weekly
closings at prices that, after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager
fees, are at or above our net asset value per share.    

We will sell our shares on a continuous
basis at our latest public offering price of $10.10 per share; however, to the
extent that our net asset value fluctuates, we will sell at a price necessary
to ensure that shares are sold at a price, after deduction of selling
commissions and dealer manager fees, that is above and within 2.5% of net asset
value per share.   

Since commencing our initial continuous
public offering on July 2, 2012 and through September 30, 2016, we sold
107,920,075 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $1,099,485 at an average
price per share of $10.19. The net proceeds include gross proceeds received
from reinvested shareholder distributions of $74,605, for which we issued
8,196,153 shares of common stock, and gross proceeds paid for shares of common
stock tendered for repurchase of $19,813, for which we repurchased 2,207,852
shares of common stock. Since commencing our initial continuous public offering
on July 2, 2012 and through September 30, 2016, sales commissions and dealer
manager fees related to the sale of our common stock were $62,536 and $30,629,
respectively.   

As of November 9, 2016, we sold 108,257,916
shares of common stock for net proceeds of $1,103,029 at an average price per
share of $10.19. The net proceeds include gross proceeds received from reinvested
shareholder distributions of $77,632, for which we issued 8,529,024 shares of
common stock, and gross proceeds paid for shares of common stock tendered for
repurchase of $25,415, for which we repurchased 2,827,092 shares of common
stock.     Since
commencing our initial continuous public offering on July 2, 2012 and through
November 9, 2016, sales commissions and dealer manager fees related to the sale
of our common stock were $62,837 and $30,778, respectively.   

The net proceeds from our follow-on continuous
public offering will be invested primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S.
government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt instruments
maturing in one year or less prior to being invested in debt securities of
private U.S. companies.    

   As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $56,771 and $18,892 in short term
investments, respectively, invested in a fund that primarily invests in U.S.
government securities.   

Total Return Swap      

As of September 30, 2016 and November 7,
2016, the notional amount available under the TRS was $353,712 and $381,434,
respectively. For a detailed discussion of our TRS, refer to Note 7 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this report.   

JPM Credit Facility     

As of September 30, 2016
and November 7, 2016, o  ur outstanding borrowings
under the JPM Credit Facility were $224,423 and the aggregate principal amount
available in connection with the JPM Credit Facility was $577.   

For a detailed
discussion of our JPM Credit Facility, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements included in this report.   

East West Bank Credit Facility     

As of September 30, 2016,
we had no outstanding borrowings under the EWB Credit Facility and the
aggregate principal amount available in connection with the EWB Credit Facility
was $7,362. As of November 7, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the
EWB Credit Facility and the aggregate principal amount available in connection
with the EWB Credit Facility was $7,628.    

For a detailed
discussion of our EWB Credit Facility, refer to Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements included in this report.   

Unfunded Commitments     

As of September 30, 2016 and November 7, 2016,
our unfunded commitments amounted to $49,627 and $49,687, respectively.   

For a detailed discussion of our unfunded
commitments, refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included
in this report.   

60   

RIC Status and Distributions     

   Our total
investment portfolio includes loans and other securities on our consolidated
balance sheets and loans underlying the TRS. Accordingly, we treat net interest
and other income earned on all investments, including the loans underlying the
TRS, as a component of investment company taxable income when determining our
sources of distributions. The sources of our distributions for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:   

(1)  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
  estimate that we had capital gains of $312 and $775, respectively, classified
  as long-term. The final determination of the tax attributes of our
  distributions is made annually as of the end of the year.  

(2)  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
  realized losses of $1,030 in our total return swap portfolio, which are not
  currently deductible on a tax-basis.  

For an additional discussion of our RIC
status and distributions, refer to Note 2 and Note 5, respectively, to our
consolidated financial statements included in this report.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

   We do not believe any recently issued, but not yet effective,
accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our consolidated financial statements.   

    Critical Accounting Policies    

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in conformity with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those
that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or
complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent
periods. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we also utilize
available information, including our past history, industry standards and the
current economic environment, among other factors, in forming our estimates and
judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual results may differ
from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different
estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to
those of companies in similar businesses.   

61   

Valuation of Portfolio Investments    

The value of our assets is
determined quarterly and at such other times that an event occurs that
materially affects the valuation. The valuation is made pursuant to Section
2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act, which requires that we value our assets as follows:
(i) the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is
readily available, and (ii) for all other securities and assets, at fair value,
as determined in good faith by our board of directors. As a BDC, Section
2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act requires the board of directors to determine in good
faith the fair value of portfolio securities for which a market price is not
readily available, and it does so in conjunction with the application of our
valuation procedures by CIM.   

There is no single standard for
determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value
requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of
each asset while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed.
Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates.
Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the
uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any
change in such valuations in our consolidated financial statements.   

Valuation
Methods   

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, we undertake a multi-step valuation process each
quarter, as described below:   

our quarterly valuation process
begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by
certain of CIM s investment professionals and certain members of its management
team, with such valuation taking into account information received from various
sources, including independent valuation firms and AIM, if applicable;  

preliminary valuation conclusions
are then documented and discussed with CIM s valuation committee;  

CIM s valuation committee reviews
the preliminary valuation, and, if applicable, delivers such preliminary
valuation to an independent valuation firm for its review;  

CIM s valuation committee, or its
designee, and, if appropriate, the relevant investment professionals meet with
the independent valuation firm to discuss the preliminary valuation;  

designated members of CIM s
management team respond and supplement the preliminary valuation to reflect any
comments provided by the independent valuation firm;  

our audit committee meets with
members of CIM s management team and the independent valuation firm to discuss
the assistance provided and the results of the independent valuation firm s
review; and  

our board of directors discusses
the valuation and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio
in good faith based on various statistical and other factors, including the
input and recommendation of CIM, the audit committee and any third-party
valuation firm, if applicable.  

In addition to the foregoing, certain investments for
which a market price is not readily available are evaluated on a quarterly
basis by an independent valuation firm and certain other investments are on a
rotational basis reviewed once over a twelve-month period by an independent
valuation firm. Finally, certain investments are not evaluated by an
independent valuation firm unless the net asset value and other aspects of such
investments in the aggregate exceed certain thresholds.   

Given the expected types of investments, excluding
short term investments that are classified as Level 1, management expects our
portfolio holdings to be classified as Level 3. Due to the uncertainty inherent
in the valuation process, particularly for Level 3 investments, such fair value
estimates may differ significantly from the values that would have been used
had an active market for the investments existed. In addition, changes in the
market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the
investments may cause the gains or losses that we ultimately realize on these
investments to materially differ from the valuations currently assigned. Inputs
used in the valuation process are subject to variability in the future and can
result in materially different fair values.  

For an additional discussion of our investment
valuation process, refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
included in this report.  

62   

Related Party Transactions    

For a discussion of our
relationship with related parties including C ON Securities, CIM, ICON
Capital, and CIG and amounts incurred under agreements with such related
parties, refer to Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in
this report.   

Contractual Obligations    

On December 17, 2012, Flatiron entered into
a TRS with Citibank. Flatiron and Citibank have amended the TRS on numerous
occasions including the most recent twelfth amendment on March 22, 2016. See
Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description
of the TRS.   

On August 26, 2016, 34 th  Street
entered into the JPM Credit Facility with JPM, as amended and restated on
September 30, 2016. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a
more detailed description of the JPM Credit Facility.   

On April 30, 2015, we entered into the EWB
Credit Facility with EWB, as amended on January 28, 2016 and April 21, 2016.
See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed
description of the EWB Credit Facility.   

Commitments and Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     

Commitments and Contingencies    

We have entered into certain contracts with
other parties that contain a variety of indemnifications. Our maximum exposure
under these arrangements is unknown. However, we have not experienced claims or
losses pursuant to these contracts and believe the risk of loss related to such
indemnifications to be remote.    

Our investment portfolio may
contain debt investments that are in the form of lines of credit, revolving
credit facilities, or other unfunded commitments, which may require us to
provide funding when requested in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreement.
For further details on such debt investments, refer to Note 11 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this report.    

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We currently have no
off-balance sheet arrangements except for those discussed in Note 7 and Note 11
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report.   

63   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk    

We are subject to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, 92.8% of our
portfolio investments and underlying loans subject to the TRS paid variable
interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected
to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, especially
to the extent that we hold variable rate investments, and to declines in the
value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. To the extent that a majority
of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest
rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed our incentive fee hurdle
rate, as defined in our investment advisory agreement, and may result in a
substantial increase in our net investment income, and also to the amount of
incentive fees payable to CIM with respect to our pre-incentive fee net
investment income.   

Under the terms of the TRS with Citibank,
we pay fees to Citibank at a floating rate based primarily on LIBOR (and in
limited cases the prime rate), plus a spread of 1.40% per year, in exchange for
the right to receive the economic benefit of a pool of loans. Pursuant to the
terms of the EWB Credit Facility, borrowings are at a floating rate of 0.75%
plus the greater of 3.25% or the variable rate of interest per year announced
by EWB as its prime rate, which was 3.50% at September 30, 2016. Under the
term of the JPM Credit Facility, a    dvances bear interest at a floating rate equal to the
three-month LIBOR, plus a spread of 3.50% per year.     In addition, in the future we may seek to
borrow funds in order to make additional investments. Our net investment income
will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow
funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we would be
subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of
rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding, our cost of funds would
increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the
extent we hold fixed rate investments. We expect that our long-term investments
will be financed primarily with equity and long-term debt. Our interest rate
risk management techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities
to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Adverse developments resulting from
changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.   

The following table shows the effect over a
twelve month period of changes in interest rates on our net interest income,
excluding short term investments, assuming no changes in our investment portfolio,
TRS Agreement, the EWB Credit Facility or the JPM Credit Facility in effect as
of September 30, 2016:   

Change in
  Interest Rates   

Increase in Net Interest Income(1)   

Percentage Change in Net Interest Income   

Down 79 basis
  points  

$  

4,966  

4.9%   

Current base
  interest rate  

-  

-  

Up 100 basis
  points   

3,885  

3.9%   

Up 200 basis
  points  

10,793  

10.7%   

Up 300 basis
  points  

17,712  

17.6%   

(1)  

Pursuant to the TRS, we receive from Citibank all interest
  payable in respect of the loans subject to the TRS and pay to Citibank
  interest at a rate equal to the floating rate index specified for each loan
  (typically LIBOR of varying maturities), which will not be less than zero,
  plus 1.40% per year on the full notional amount of the loans subject to the
  TRS. As of September 30, 2016, all of the loans subject to the TRS paid
  variable interest rates. This table assumes no change in defaults or prepayments
  by portfolio companies over the next twelve months.  

The interest rate sensitivity analysis
presented above does not consider the potential impact of the changes in fair
value of our fixed rate debt investments and the net asset value of our common
stock in the event of sudden increases in interest rates. Approximately 4.4% of
our portfolio investments and underlying loans subject to the TRS paid fixed
interest rates as of September 30, 2016. Rising market interest rates will most
likely lead to fair value declines for fixed interest rate investments and a decline
in the net asset value of our common stock, while declining market interest
rates will most likely lead to an increase in the fair value of fixed interest
rate investments and an increase in the net asset value of our common stock.   

In addition, we may have risk regarding
portfolio valuation as discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements included in this report.   

64   

I    tem 4. Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures         

   In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q     for the three
months ended September 30, 2016  , we
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report
pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. Based on the foregoing evaluation, the Co-Chief Executive
Officers and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective.   

   In designing and evaluating our
disclosure controls and procedures, we recognized that disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure
controls and procedures are met.  Our disclosure controls and
procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards.
Disclosure controls and procedures cannot detect or prevent all error and
fraud. Some inherent limitations in disclosure controls and procedures include
costs of implementation, faulty decision-making, simple error and mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the
controls. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
anticipated and unanticipated future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with
established policies or procedures.   

    Evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting    

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

65   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

        Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

   We are not currently
subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any
material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be
party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business,
including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts
with our portfolio companies and other third parties. While the outcome of
these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect
that any such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial
condition or results of operations.   

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

There have been no
material changes from the risk factors disclosed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

    Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

   Our registration
statement on Form N-2, as amended, in connection with our follow-on continuous
public offering was declared effective by the SEC on January 25, 2016 (SEC File
No. 333-203683). Our follow-on continuous public offering commenced on January
25, 2016.   

   We did not engage in any unregistered sales of equity
securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016.    

   The table below provides information
concerning our repurchases of shares of our common stock during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 pursuant to our share repurchase program.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

   Not
applicable.   

    Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures    

   Not
applicable.   

    Item 5. Other Information    

   Not
applicable.   

66   

Item
6. Exhibits   

Exhibit 
  Number   

Description of Document   

2.1  

Purchase and
  Sale Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and between Park South Funding,
  LLC and Credit Suisse Alternative Capital, LLC (Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  October 4, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)).  

3.1  

Articles of
  Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of C ON
  Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (A)(2) to
  Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form
  N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

3.2  

Second Articles
  of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of C ON
  Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
  Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2012
  (File No. 814-00941)).  

3.3  

Bylaws of
  C ON Investment Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (B) to
  Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form
  N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

4.1  

Form of Follow-On
  Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to
  Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form
  N-2 filed with the SEC on July 22, 2016 (File No. 333-203683)).    

4.2  

Fourth Amended
  and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  January 27, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)).   

10.1  

Investment
  Advisory Agreement by and between C ON Investment Corporation and
  C ON Investment Management, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  (G)(1) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration
  Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No.
  333-178646)).  

10.2  

Investment
  Sub-Advisory Agreement by and among C ON Investment Management, LLC,
  C ON Investment Corporation and Apollo Investment Management, L.P.
  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (G)(2) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4
  to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC on June
  29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

10.3  

Administration
  Agreement by and between C ON Investment Corporation and ICON Capital
  Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (K)(2) to Pre-Effective Amendment
  No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC
  on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

10.4  

Custody
  Agreement by and between C ON Investment Corporation and U.S. Bank
  National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (J) to
  Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form
  N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).   

10.5  

Escrow
  Agreement by and among C ON Investment Corporation, UMB Bank, N.A., and
  ICON Securities Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (K)(1) to
  Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form
  N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

10.6  

Dealer Manager
  Agreement by and among C ON Investment Corporation, C ON Investment
  Management, LLC, and ICON Securities Corp. (Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit (H)(1) to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s Registration
  Statement on Form N-2 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2012 (File No. 333-178646)).  

10.7  

ISDA 2002
  Master Agreement, together with the Schedule thereto and Credit Support Annex
  to such Schedule, each dated as of December 17, 2012, by and between Flatiron
  Funding, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
  the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
  19, 2012 (File No. 814-00941)).  

10.8  

Twelfth Amended
  and Restated Confirmation Letter Agreement dated as of March 22, 2016, by and
  between Flatiron Funding, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on March 23, 2016 (File No. 814-00941)).  

67   

68   

69   

SIGNATURES    

   Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.   

   Date: November 10, 2016   

       C ON
Investment Corporation 
(Registrant)   

   By:     /s/ Michael A. Reisner 
           Michael A. Reisner 
        Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 
           (Principal Executive Officer)    

   By:     /s/ Mark Gatto 
           Mark Gatto 
        Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 
           (Principal Executive Officer)    

   By:     /s/ Keith S. Franz 
           Keith S. Franz 
        Chief Financial Officer 
           (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

70   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-31.1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBA

Exhibit 31.1   

   CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Michael A. Reisner, certify that:  

  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
C ON Investment Corporation;  

  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

  4.     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

  (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared;  

  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;  

  (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

  5.     I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

  (a)    All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

  Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Michael A. Reisner  

Michael
  A. Reisner 
  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  
     (Principal Executive Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-31.2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBA

Exhibit 31.2   

   CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Mark Gatto, certify that:  

  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
C ON Investment Corporation;  

  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

  4.     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

  (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared;  

  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;  

  (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

  5.     I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

  (a)    All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

  Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Mark Gatto  

Mark
  Gatto 
  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  
     (Principal Executive Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 ex-31.3.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES

Exhibit 31.3   

   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Keith S. Franz, certify that:  

  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
C ON Investment Corporation;  

  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

  4.     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

  (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared;  

  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;  

  (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

  5.     I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

  (a)    All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

  Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Keith S. Franz  

Keith
  S. Franz 
  Chief Financial Officer  
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex-32.1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.1   

   CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  I, Michael A. Reisner,   Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  , in connection with the Quarterly Report
of   C ON Investment Corporation   (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.     The Quarterly Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

2.     The information
contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Michael A. Reisner  

Michael
  A. Reisner 
  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  
     (Principal Executive Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex-32.2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.2   

   CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  I, Mark Gatto,   Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  , in connection with the Quarterly Report
of   C ON Investment Corporation   (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.     The Quarterly
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

2.     The
information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Mark Gatto  

Mark
  Gatto 
  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President  
     (Principal Executive Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 ex-32.3.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS

Exhibit 32.3   

   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  I, Keith S. Franz, Chief Financial Officer, in connection with the Quarterly Report
of   C ON Investment Corporation   (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.     The Quarterly Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

2.     The information
contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 10, 2016  

/s/ Keith S. Franz  

Keith
  S. Franz 
  Chief Financial Officer        
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

C ON
  Investment Corporation  

</EX-32.3>

