<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1456455_0001437749-16-042037_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6768719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235194</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>369849</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1879881</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2870204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1261029</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-042037.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114151857
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-042037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PFO Global, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001456455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				650434332
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-167380
		FILM NUMBER:		161994178

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14401 BELTWOOD PARKWAY W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 115
		CITY:			FARMERS BRANCH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-251-4333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14401 BELTWOOD PARKWAY W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 115
		CITY:			FARMERS BRANCH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75244

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Energy Telecom, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-042037.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 pfog20160830_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   pfog20160830_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   Form 10-Q   
     
  (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

For the transition period from              to               
     
   Commission File Number 333-167380   
     
   PFO GLOBAL, INC.   
   (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Nevada    

65-0434332     

(State or other jurisdiction of   incorporation or organization)      

(I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.)        
     
   14401 Beltwood Parkway, Suite 115, Farmers Branch, TX 75244    
   (972) 573-6135      
   (Address including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices)   
     
   Not applicable   
   (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days*.  Yes         No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes         No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer   

Accelerated Filer   

Non-Accelerated Filer   

Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No     
     
  As of November 7, 2016 there were 20,917,506 shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding, including 23.988 shares of preferred stock convertible into 2,500,000 shares of common stock, on an as is converted basis.   
        
   * The registrant has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, but is not required to file such reports under such sections.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
 
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
 
  3    

Item 2.   
 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 
  33    

Item 3.   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 
  46    

Item 4.   
 
  Controls and Procedures   
 
  47    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
 
  Legal Proceedings   
 
  48    

Item 1A.   
 
  Risk Factors   
 
  48    

Item 2.   
 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 
  48    

Item 3.   
 
  Defaults Upon Securities   
 
  48    

Item 4.   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosure   
 
  48    

Item 5.   
 
  Other Information   
 
  48    

Item 6.   
 
  Exhibits   
 
  48    

SIGNATURES    
 
  49     

2

PART I   

Item 1.    
 
    Condensed     Consolidated Financial Statements        
       
   PFO Global, inc.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

see accompanying notes to unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

3

PFO GLOBAL, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
    (Unaudited)   

see accompanying notes to unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

4

PFO GLOBAL, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   
   (Unaudited)   
   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

see accompanying notes to unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

5

PFO GLOBAL, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   (Unaudited)   
   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

see accompanying notes to unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

6

PFO GLOBAL, INC.   
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Unaudited)   
   FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
     
    Description of the Business           
         
  On June 30, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), Pro Fit Optix Holding Company, LLC ( Holding ) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with PFO Global, Inc., formerly Energy Telecom, Inc. (the  Company ), and PFO Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Effective Date, the Company completed the acquisition of Holding by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into Holding, such that Holding became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Merger ). Immediately following the Merger, the former PFO Global, Inc. equity holders owned approximately 8% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.   
     
  For accounting purposes, the Merger was recognized in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Subtopic 805-40,  Reverse Acquisitions.  Accordingly, PFO Global, Inc. has been recognized as the accounting acquiree in the Merger, with Holding being the accounting acquirer. As such, the historical financial statements of Holding will be treated as the historical financial statements of the combined company. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated balance sheets presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the financial position of the post-combination Company as of December 31, 2015 and the condensed consolidated statements of operations presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the operations of Holding for the period from January 1, 2015 through June 30, 2015, and the operations of the post-combination Company for the period of June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015.   
     
  On the Effective Date, the Company had outstanding 23.988 shares (the  Escrow Shares ) of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( Preferred Stock ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Effective Date, the Preferred Stock was amended such that the Escrow Shares became convertible into an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of common stock at the instruction of the holder. Further, the holder was required to assign the Preferred Stock to be held in escrow by an escrow agent (the  Escrow Agent ). On the Effective Date, Holding, Merger Sub, PFO Global, Inc., a third party (the  Account Advisor ) and the Escrow Agent entered into an Escrow Agreement (the  Escrow Agreement ), pursuant to which the Escrow Agent agreed to hold the Escrow Shares for release pursuant to written instructions provided from time to time by the Account Advisor. When the Escrow Agreement expires December 31, 2016, any Escrow Shares not released from escrow will be cancelled. As of September 30, 2016, no Escrow Shares had been released by the Escrow Agent.   
     
  PFO Global, Inc., formerly Energy Telecom, Inc., was incorporated in Florida on September 7, 1993 and reincorporated in Nevada on June 2, 2015 pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger between Energy Telecom, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Energy Telecom Reincorporation Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation ( ET-NV ), whereby Holding merged with and into ET-NV with ET-NV as the surviving corporation that operates under the name  PFO Global, Inc.  Prior to the Merger, Holding s mission was to monetize its global utility patent portfolio with claims covering certain features of intelligent eyewear.  
     
  The Company completed the Merger with Holding on June 30, 2015. Following the Merger, the Company began focusing its resources on the manufacturing and distribution of eyewear through proprietary manufacturing, ordering and delivery systems that reduce cost to eyewear providers, through Pro Fit Optix, Inc. ( Optix ), Holding s wholly-owned subsidiary.  
     
  Optix, a Wyoming corporation, was incorporated on May 7, 2009. On February 9, 2011, Optix filed a voluntary petition for reorganization pursuant to a Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization as entered in Optix s bankruptcy in Case No. 11~13387 under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida. On May 2, 2011, Optix filed a Plan of Reorganization (the  Optix Plan of Reorganization ) which was approved in August 2011. Pursuant to the Optix Plan of Reorganization, debtor-in-possession financing was provided by HCA DIP Capital Fund, LLC.  
     
  Holding, a Florida limited liability company, was formed on February 9, 2011. Holding was previously known as HCA DIP Capital Fund, LLC which was formed to provide and did provide debtor-in-possession financing as a lender to Optix. The members of HCA DIP Capital Fund, LLC were majority stockholders of Optix prior to its reorganization.  
     
  On May 17, 2012, Optix emerged from bankruptcy and, in exchange for the outstanding debtor-in-possession financing, issued all of the outstanding shares of its new common stock to Holding and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Holding.  
     
  Three additional wholly-owned subsidiaries of Holding, PFO Technologies, LLC ( Tech ), PFO Optima, LLC ( Optima ), and PFO MCO, LLC ( MCO ), were incorporated on February 17, 2014, May 23, 2013 and July 5, 2013, respectively.  
     
  The Company manufactures and delivers complete eyewear, prescription lenses and related services to the managed care insurance industry, which services the Medicaid and Medicare entitlement programs, independent eye care providers and accountable care organizations. Optima distributes distortion free polycarbonate lenses under the Resolution  brand name. Tech s focus is on the development of disruptive technologies for the eyewear industry and supports the research and development of other business units of the Company.  

7

The developed products currently include:  

SmartCalc - proprietary software used to manufacture fully digital lens designs. Certain Company lenses are produced following the SmartCalc software calculation.     

SmartEyewear Online Ordering System - a business-to-business online ordering software system which allows eye care providers to quickly provide all necessary information for each patient s eyewear package and unique use. It integrates the optical provider directly with the PFO worldwide lab system. The Company utilizes this system for all of its electronic ordering.     

The Company is headquartered in Farmers Branch, Texas where primarily all corporate functions are performed as well as the support, sales and warehousing for all MCO and Tech products and services. The Company utilizes a third party frame provider, Hong Kong Optical Lens Co. in Shenzhen, China ( HKO ) which sells frames to the Company and warehouses them in HKO s facility until such time as the frames are released to designated laboratories to be fit with a lens. HKO is responsible to track and manage inventory on behalf of the Company from the point of purchase to the shipment of the frames to the laboratories.  
   
  All membership unit amounts have been restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares of common stock to provide comparative information. All per share amounts are post Merger and post the stock split that occurred on July 6, 2015.  
            
    Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation    
         
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of PFO Global, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries: Pro Fit Optix Holding Company, LLC, Pro Fit Optix, Inc., PFO MCO, LLC, PFO Optima, LLC and PFO Technologies, LLC, and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the rules and regulations of the Unites States Securities and Exchange Commission for interim financial information. The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and footnotes thereto for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s consolidated financial position and the results of operations. The operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year 2016 or for any other interim period.   
     
  The December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet has been derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. All membership unit amounts have been restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares of common stock to provide comparative information. All per share amounts are post merger amounts. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  
      
   Segment Information   
     
  Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in making decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker is its Chief Executive Officer. The Company and its Chief Executive Officer view the Company s operations and manage its business as one operating segment. All revenues and long-lived assets of the Company are earned and reside in the United States.  
     
   Use of Estimates   
     
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company s significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts, sales allowances, recoverability of long lived assets and goodwill, valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, fair value of derivative liabilities and valuation of stock options and equity transactions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

8

Concentration of Credit Risk   
     
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.  
     
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   
     
  For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions which balances may exceed the federally insured limits. Federally insured limits are $250,000 for interest and noninterest deposits. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no deposits in excess of federally insured limits.  
     
   Accounts Receivable   
     
  The Company does business and extends credit based on an evaluation of its customers  financial condition, generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to losses on receivables is expected to vary by customer due to the financial condition of each customer. The Company monitors exposure to credit losses and maintains allowances for anticipated losses considered necessary under the circumstances. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately $248,500 and $275,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
     
    Inventories   
     
  Inventory is comprised of finished goods frame and lens inventory at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In assessing the value of inventories, the Company makes estimates and judgments regarding aging of inventories and other relevant issues potentially affecting the saleable condition of products and estimated prices at which those products will sell. On an ongoing basis, the Company reviews the carrying value of its inventory, measuring number of months on hand and other indications of salability. The Company reduces the value of inventory if there are indications that the carrying value is greater than market, resulting in a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory. Subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. Inventories consist of finished product and are stated at the lower of cost, determined using the first-in first-out method, or market.  
     
   Debt Issue Costs   
     
  The Company amortizes debt issue costs to interest expense over the life of the associated debt instrument.  
     
   Shipping and Handling Costs   
     
  The Company charges customers for shipping and handling costs except for orders that are shipped directly to customers from the Company s third party lens provider, HKO. Shipping and handling costs are classified as Revenues and Cost of Goods Sold in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
     
   Property and Equipment   
     
  Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful life. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred; expenditures that enhance the value of property or extend the useful lives are capitalized. When assets are sold or returned, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is included in income.  
     
  The Company capitalizes certain website development costs incurred in designing, developing, testing and implementing enhancements to its website. These website development costs are amortized over the enhancement s estimated useful life.  
     
  In addition to website development costs, capitalized software includes internally developed software to be sold, licensed or leased. The Company capitalizes internally developed software costs under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 985,  Software,  which prescribes that capitalization of development costs of software products begins once the technological feasibility of the product is established. Capitalization ceases when such software is ready for general release, at which time amortization of the capitalized costs begins. Amortization of capitalized internally developed software is computed as the greater of: (a) the amount determined by the ratio of the product s current revenue to its total expected future revenue or (b) the straight-line method over the product s estimated useful life, generally three years. The Company has used the straight-line method to amortize such capitalized costs.  

9

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   
     
  The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset, or related group of assets, may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows in accordance with accounting guidance. If circumstances suggest the recorded amounts cannot be recovered, based upon estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the carrying values of such assets are reduced to fair value. No impairment charges were recorded for long-lived assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
   Income Taxes   
     
  The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes,  which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements and tax returns. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  
     
  The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on technical merits of the tax position. The evaluation of an uncertain tax position is based on factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in the tax law, the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, the effective settlement of matters subject to audit and changes in facts or circumstances related to a tax position. Any changes to these estimates based on the actual results obtained and or a change in assumptions, could impact the Company s tax provision in future periods. The Company accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for federal and state income taxes. The Company did not record any interest or penalties on uncertain tax positions in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Federal, state and local authorities may examine the Company s income tax returns for three years from the date of filing. The December 31, 2015 tax returns and prior three years remain subject to examination as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Loss Per Share    
     
  Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive shares outstanding. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 dilutive shares outstanding, whose impact was antidilutive, include options to purchase the Company s common stock ( Options ) and warrants to purchase the Company s common stock ( Warrants ). The dilutive impact of the Options and Warrants is determined by applying the  treasury stock  method.  
         
  The computation of the loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, excludes the following weighted average number of Options and Warrants because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive:  

Revenue Recognition   
     
  Revenue is derived from eyewear sales, technology sales, software revenue and term licensing revenue and is recorded in the period in which the goods are delivered or services are rendered and when all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. The Company reduces revenue for estimated discounts, sales incentives, estimated customer returns, and other allowances and presents revenue, net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities.  

10

Eyewear Sales   
       
  The Company recognizes product revenue upon shipment provided that there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.  
     
   Technology Sales   
       
  Revenue and the related cost of sales on sales of the Company s laser tracing system,   eyeX     3   , are recognized when risk of loss and title passes, which is generally at the time of shipment. This product was discontinued in 2015 due to poor market demand.  
     
   Term Licensing Revenue   
     
  The Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 985-605,  Software Revenue Recognition , to all transactions involving the licensing of software products.  
     
  Term license revenue includes arrangements where the Company s customers receive license rights to use its software along with bundled maintenance and support services for the term of the contract. The majority of the Company s contracts provide customers with the right to use one or more products up to a specific license capacity. Certain of the Company s license agreements stipulate that customers can exceed pre-determined base capacity levels, in which case additional fees are specified in the license agreement. Term license revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the license contract.  
     
   Deferred Revenue and Costs   
     
  On April 20, 2012, the Company sold software technology to VSP Labs, Inc. ( VSP ) pursuant to a Technology Transfer and Development Agreement ( TTDA ) (see Note 9). In accordance with the TTDA, the Company was required to perform additional production and customization of the software technology over the agreement term. The software technology required significant customization and development on the Effective Date and in accordance with ASC Subtopic 605-35,  Revenue Recognition  ( ASC 605-35 ) the Company has accounted for the TTDA under the completed contract method. The Company and VSP are currently in litigation regarding the TTDA and the outcome is uncertain. Because of the uncertainties that exist under the contract, payments received and costs incurred under the TTDA have been deferred and will be recognized when the TTDA is considered complete and the litigation with VSP is settled.  
     
  In addition to the TTDA, the Company maintained a Purchase and Supply Agreement ( VSP Supply Agreement ) with VSP whereby the Company provided eyewear to VSP customers throughout California. In accordance with the VSP Supply Agreement, VSP was required to prepay for the orders of frame inventory. Payments received for prepaid orders are recorded in deferred revenue until such time inventory is shipped to VSP.  
     
   Equity-Based Compensation   
     
  Compensation expense for all stock-based employee and director compensation awards granted is based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718,  Stock Compensation . The Company recognizes these compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term. Vesting terms vary based on the individual grant terms.  
     
   Advertising Costs   
     
  Advertising expenses are charged to expense as incurred. Advertising expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations amounted to approximately $203,000 and $92,000, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Advertising expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations amounted to approximately $166,000 and $55,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      
   Derivative Financial Instruments   
     
  The Company reviews its financial instruments for the existence of embedded derivatives that may require bifurcation if certain criteria are met. These criteria include circumstances in which (i) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract, (ii) the hybrid financial instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not remeasured at fair value under other applicable GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (iii) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument subject to certain requirements (except for which the host instrument is deemed conventional). A bifurcated derivative financial instrument is required to be recorded at fair value and adjusted to market at each reporting period end date.  

11

Fair Value Measurements    
     
  In accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date.  
     
  The guidance also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. The guidance establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.     

Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting the reporting entity s own assumptions.     
     
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature or market terms. However, considerable judgment is involved in making fair value determinations and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. The fair value of the Company s derivative obligation liability is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy because the valuation model of the derivative obligation is based on unobservable inputs.  
     
   Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
       
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," ("ASU 2014-09") providing common revenue recognition guidance for GAAP. Under ASU 2014-09, an entity recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. It also requires additional detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 will become effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company will adopt the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15 by the date required, and does not anticipate that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.  
     
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. It is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company adopted this new standard as of January 1, 2016. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
     
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory" ( ASU 2015-11 ) simplifying the measurement of inventory. The guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which consists of estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable cost of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new guidance eliminates unnecessary complexity that exists under current "lower of cost or market" guidance. For public entities, ASU No.2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The guidance is to be applied prospectively as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe the implementation of this standard will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures  

12

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ) which requires that adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period of a business combination be recognized in the reporting period in which those adjustments are determined, including the effect on earnings, if any, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. This eliminates the previous requirement to retrospectively account for such adjustments. ASU 2015-16 also requires additional disclosures related to the income statement effects of adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period. ASU 2015-16 became effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted. Accordingly, the Company adopted this new standard on January 1, 2016. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
     
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, `Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes" ( ASU 2015-17 ) simplifying the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. Under prior guidance, an entity was required to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and non-current amounts. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected. For public entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The guidance maybe applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company adopted the new guidance on a prospective basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Financial statements for prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The new guidance had no impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new lease accounting guidance ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under the new guidance, at the commencement date, lessees will be required to recognize a leases liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a leases, measured on a discounted basis,; and a right-to-use asset, which is an asset that represented the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The new guidance is not applicable for leases with a term of 12 months or less. Lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) )  ( ASU 2016-09 ). The update makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation, and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), a consensus of the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force.  The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated cash flows.  

Note 2   Going Concern   
       
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of $130,413. As reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss of $4,735,782 and net cash and cash equivalents used in operations of approximately $3.01 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. The Company has a working capital deficit of approximately $23 million and stockholders  deficit of approximately $29 million as of September 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  
   
  Historically, the Company has been dependent upon its ability to raise sufficient capital to continue its product and business development efforts. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital, increase its revenue and develop its technologies to the point of revenue recognition.  
      
  The Company s primary source of operating funds since inception has been cash proceeds from issuance of notes payable. The Company intends to raise additional capital through private placements of debt and equity securities, but there can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or will be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. The Company has raised approximately $3.2 million, net of repayments and debt issuance costs, in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, through the issuance of convertible debentures (see Note 5). Subsequent to September 30,2016 the Company has raised approximately $385,000 through the issuance of convertible debentures (see Note 13). However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising additional funds.  
     
  Management believes that the actions presently being taken by the Company will provide sufficient liquidity for the Company to continue to execute its business plan. However, there can be no assurances that management s plans will be achieved. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back its current business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful.  
     
  Accordingly, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

13

Note 3   Accounts Receivable   
     
  Accounts receivable consisted of the following as of:  

Note 4  Accrued Liabilities   
     
  Accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of:  

Note 5  Notes Payable   
       
  Notes payable consisted of the following as of:  

14

The following table provides information regarding annual required repayments under the notes payable as of September 30, 2016:  

Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs was approximately $683,000 and $683,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,949,000 and $3,151,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
        
   Convertible Promissory Note   
     
  On January 28, 2014, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note ( Convertible Note ) for a principal amount of $200,000 with a stated interest rate of 18%. On January 20, 2015 and April 2015 the maturity date of the Convertible Note was extended to June 30, 2015 and May 1, 2016, respectively. On June 29, 2015, the maturity date of the Convertible Note was further amended such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. All obligations under the Convertible Note were secured by a first priority security interest in all inventory of Optima. In conjunction with the Convertible Note, the Company issued a five year warrant to purchase 57,820 shares of common stock (approximately 0.4% of the Company's then total issued and outstanding shares of common stock) for an exercise price of $1.00 per share.  
     
  Because of the variable nature of the embedded warrants, the Convertible Note has been accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging  ( ASC 815 ). The fair value of the warrants issued with the Convertible Note (as determined using the Black Scholes valuation model) was determined to be nominal, and therefore, no derivative liability or offsetting debt discount was included in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Management is continuing to measure the fair value of this instrument each reporting period through maturity date and record the impact under ASC 815 should the value become meaningful to the Company's consolidated condensed financial statements.  

15

Promissory Note   
     
  On February 12, 2014, the Company entered into a promissory note ( Promissory Note ) for a principal amount of $50,000 with a stated interest rate of 18%. In April 2015, the maturity date of the Promissory Note was amended to May 1, 2016. On June 29, 2015, the maturity date of the Promissory Note was further amended such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018.   
     
   Series A Private Placement   
       
  On various dates from May 1, 2014 through September 19, 2014, the Company issued and sold 299.25 investment units to accredited investors (the  Series A Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a Series A secured promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (collectively the  Series A Notes ), (ii) a five-year Class A warrant to purchase 6,250 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.60 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance (collectively the  Class A Warrants ), and (iii) five-year Class B warrants to purchase 1,756.6 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance(collectively the  Class B Warrants ). Proceeds received from the Series A Private Placement were approximately $2,633,000 net of related costs of approximately $360,000.  
     
  In January 2015, the Company amended certain of the Series A Notes. Note holders representing $2,255,000 of outstanding principal amount of Series A Notes entered into amendments whereby (a) each Series A Note matures on the earlier of (i) the 12-month anniversary of the issuance date and (ii) the completion of any merger with or acquisition by a third party; and (b) upon an initial public offering or cash acquisition of the Company, the outstanding principal and interest will automatically convert into Common Stock at a per share conversion price equal to (i) in the event of an initial public offering, 100% of the offering price of the Common Stock in the Public Offering or (ii) in the event of an acquisition, 80% of the per share valuation of the Company s equity in connection with the acquisition.  
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,039,063 shares of common stock to note holders and 83,125 shares of common stock to the private placement agent at an exercise price of $1.60 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet at the issuance date and re-measured at each reporting period.   
     
  Also, in May 2015, the Company amended certain of the Series A Notes whereby each Series A Note matures on the earlier of: (i) the 24-month anniversary of the issuance date; (ii) the completion of any acquisition, merger or consolidation of the Company in which the collective ownership of the Company in the transaction would own, in the aggregate, a lower percentage of the total combined voting power of the surviving entity than the acquiring company s collective ownership; (iii) thirty (30) days following the funding of any financing that results in a listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange (i.e., the Nasdaq or NYSE); or (iv) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets in one transaction or in a series of related transactions.   
     
  The Company accounted for the borrowing under the Series A Notes, the Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants in accordance with the guidance prescribed in ASC Subtopic 470-20,  Debt with Conversion and other Options  ( ASC 470-20 ).In accordance with ASC 470-20, the fair value of the Class A Warrants and the relative fair value of the Class B Warrants are considered an original issue discount which is required to be amortized over the life of the note as interest expense using the effective interest rate method.  
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,876,563 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 149,625 shares of common stock to the private placement agent and (i) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 527,421 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 42,053 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet at the issuance date and re-measured at each reporting period (see Note 8). The fair value of the Class B Warrants was included in stockholders  deficit in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016.  
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of each Series A Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. Such amendments were accounted for as modifications of debt. In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 150,125 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet and re-measured at each reporting period (see Note 8).  

16

Secured Bridge Private Placement   
     
  On various dates from September 19, 2014 through November 18, 2014, the Company issued and sold 115.5 investment units to accredited investors (the  Secured Bridge Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a secured promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (the  Bridge Note ), (ii) five-year Class A Warrant to purchase 6,250 shares of common stock, and (iii) five-year Class B Warrant to purchase 1,756.6 shares of common stock. The Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants had exercise prices of $1.60 and $.01 per share, respectively.  
     
  In May 2015, the Bridge Notes were amended, modifying the maturity date of the Bridge Notes such that each Bridge Note matures on the earlier of: (i) the receipt of funds from accounts receivable in the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of all Bridge Notes; (ii) the receipt of gross proceeds from any accounts receivable financing or factoring financing in an amount equal to at least the aggregate Bridge Note principal; (iii) thirty (30) days following the funding of any financing that results in a listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange; (iv) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets in one transaction or in a series of related transactions; (v) the completion of any acquisition, merger or consolidation of the Company in which the collective ownership of the Company in the transaction would own, in the aggregate, a lower percentage of the total combined voting power of the surviving entity than the acquiring company s collective ownership; and (vi) January 1, 2016.   
     
  The Company accounted for the borrowing under the Secured Bridge Notes, the Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants in accordance with the guidance prescribed in ASC 470-20. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the fair value of the Class A Warrants and the relative fair value of the Class B Warrants are considered an original issue discount which is required to be amortized over the life of the note as interest expense using the effective interest rate method.  
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 721,875 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 57,750 shares of common stock to the private placement agent and (ii) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 202,888 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 16,231 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability on the issuance date and re-measured at each reporting period (see Note 8). The fair value of the Class B Warrants was included in stockholders  deficit on the issuance date.  
     
  In June 2015, the Company further amended the maturity date of certain Bridge Notes such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. In July 2015, a Bridge Note with an original principal amount of $125,000 was repaid. In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 643,750 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 57,750 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability at the issuance date and re-measured as of the reporting period.  
     
   Convertible Notes Private Placement   
     
  On various dates from January 1, 2015 through June 30, 2015, the Company issued and sold 179.5 investment units to accredited investors (the  Convertible Notes Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (collectively, the  Convertible Notes ) and (ii) a five year Class C warrant to purchase 1,502.6 shares of common stock (collectively, the  Class C Warrants ). As a result of the Convertible Notes Private Placement, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 269,717 shares of common stock. In connection with the Convertible Note Private Placement, the Company issued to the placement agent (i) five-year Class C Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 21,577 shares of common stock.  
     
  Each Convertible Note bears interest at a rate of 9% per annum and matures on the 12-month anniversary of the issuance date unless converted into equity upon an initial public offering of the Company s securities or a cash acquisition of the Company. The terms of the Convertible Notes provide that the unpaid principal and interest amounts will automatically convert into common stock in the event of an initial public offering or an acquisition at a per share conversion price equal to (i) in the event of an initial public offering, eighty percent (80%) of the offering price of the Common Stock in the Public Offering or (ii) in the event of an acquisition, 80% of the per share valuation of the Company s equity in connection with the acquisition.  
     
  The terms of the Class C Warrants provide that the exercise price of each warrant shall be (i) if the warrant is exercised on the Company s initial public offering date, 110% of the per warrant share offering price of the Company s securities in its initial public offering, (ii) if the warrant is exercised upon the occurrence of an acquisition of the Company, the lower of (x) 20% discount to the warrant share valuation in the acquisition and (y) a per warrant share price based on a fully diluted market capitalization value of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000) on the date of the acquisition, and (iii) if the warrant is exercised on June 30, 2015, a per warrant share price based on a fully diluted market capitalization value of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000) on June 30, 2015. At the time of issuance, the Company determined that the variable exercise price feature on the Class C Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the variable exercise price feature represents a variable conversion feature.  

17

The Company accounted for the borrowing under the Convertible Notes and the Class C Warrants in accordance with the guidance prescribed in ASC 470-20. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the fair value of the Class C Warrants is considered an original issue discount which is required to be amortized over the life of the note as interest expense using the effective interest rate method.  
     
  The fair value of the Class C Warrants was immaterial on the issuance dates and September 30, 2016 (see Note 8). The Company used a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model to calculate the fair value of the Class C Warrants.   
     
  Proceeds received from the Convertible Note Private Placement were approximately $1,565,000, net of related costs of approximately $230,000.   
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of each Convertible Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018, unless earlier converted into equity.   
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 102,250 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability at the issuance date and re-measured as of the reporting period (see Note 8).  
     
   Short-Term Promissory Note   
     
  In May 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note ( Short-Term Promissory Note ) for a principal amount of $100,000 with a stated interest rate of 9%.   
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of the Short-Term Promissory Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018, unless earlier converted into equity. Such amendment was accounted for as a modification of debt.  
     
  In conjunction with the Short-Term Promissory Note, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 62,500 common shares at an exercise price of $1.60 per share and (i) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 17,566 common shares at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. In conjunction with the amendment, in June 2015, the Company issued five year Class A Warrant to purchase an aggregate of 62,500 common shares to the note holder and approximately 5,000 common shares to the private placement agent.   
     
  The terms of the Class A Warrants provide that, in the event the Company receives gross proceeds of at least $1,000,000 in a qualified financing (as defined therein) at a per share price of less than $1.60 per share, the exercise price will reset to 80% of the financing price. At the time of issuance, the Company determined that the price protection feature on the Class A Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the price protection feature represents a variable conversion feature.  
     
  The Company accounted for the borrowing under the Short-Term Promissory Note, the Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants in accordance with the guidance prescribed in ASC 470-20, In accordance with ASC 470-20, the fair value of the Class A Warrants and the relative fair value of the Class B Warrants are considered an original issue discount which is required to be amortized over the life of the note as interest expense using the effective interest rate method.  
     
  The relative fair value of the Class B Warrants was recorded in stockholders  deficit on the issuance date. The Company used the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate the fair value of the Class B Warrants.  
     
  The Company used a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model to calculate the fair value of the Class A Warrants on the issuance date and is re-measured at each reporting period (see Note 8).  
     
   Promissory Note   
     
  In June 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note for a principal amount of $400,000 with the Royalty Obligation Purchaser (see Note 6). $275,000 of principal was repaid, as well as a $50,000 interest payment, in July 2015; and the remaining $125,000 principal amount was due on July 1, 2016.  
     
  The Company was unable to make the July 1, 2016 principal payment. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be able to make the payment and is currently negotiating with the Royalty Obligation purchaser for an extension of the maturity date.  
     
   Securities Purchase Agreements    
     
  On various dates from June 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a series of securities purchase agreements (each, a  Securities Purchase Agreement  and collectively, the  Securities Purchase Agreements ) with Hillair Capital Investment L.P. (the  Investor ), pursuant to which the Company sold a series of original issue discount senior secured convertible debentures (each, a  Debenture  and collectively, the  Debentures ).   
     
  Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Company sold an aggregate of $6,580,000 in principal amount of Debentures dated July 1, 2015, to the Investor for an aggregate purchase price of $5,875,000. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Company also issued warrants to the Investor to purchase an aggregate of 3,290,000 shares of the Company s common stock (subject to adjustment) (collectively, the  Investor Warrants ). The Debentures sold in 2015 mature on January 1, 2017, and accrue interest at the rate of 8% per annum. One quarter of the original principal amount of the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on each of July 1, 2016 and October 1, 2016, and the remaining principal amount of the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on January 1, 2017. 8% accrued interest on the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on April 1, 2016.  

18

The Company did not make its April 1, 2016 or July 1, 2016 interest payments or the July 1, 2016 principal payment due under the Debentures sold in 2015. On July 8, 2016, the Company received a waiver from the Investor extending any scheduled interest and principal payments to January 1, 2017. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be able to make the delinquent interest and principal payments and accordingly the outstanding principal amount due under the Debentures sold in 2015 has been presented as current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets  
     
  On January 7, 2016 the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $504,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $450,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on February 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On February 17, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $616,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $550,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on March 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.  
     
  On April 14, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $828,800 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $740,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on May 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On June 13, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $252,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $225,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on July 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum  
     
  On July 8, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $616,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $550,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on July 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On August 16, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $448,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $400,000 to the Investor. The Debenture matures on August 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On September 15, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $392,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $350,000 to the Investor. The Debenture matures on September 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  Proceeds received from the Debentures sold in 2016 were approximately $3,198,000, net of related costs of approximately $69,000 and original issue discounts of $392,000 respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Debt issuance costs will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the Debentures sold in 2016. No warrants were issued in connection with the Debentures issued in 2016.  
     
  Principal and accrued interest amounts under the Debentures are convertible at the option of the Investor at any time into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion price (as may be adjusted, the  Conversion Price ) of $2.00 per share, subject to certain ownership limitations and adjustment provisions. The Conversion Price is subject to reduction to an amount equal to 90% of the effective price per share of securities issued by the Company (i) in a registered offering of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Company s common stock (collectively  Common Stock Equivalents ) or (ii) in any other financing or series of financings of the Company s common stock or Common Stock Equivalents with gross proceeds of $4,000,000 or more (each, a  Triggering Event ). Beginning six months after the original issue date for each Debenture, the Company has the option, subject to certain conditions, to redeem some or all of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture for cash in an amount equal to the sum of (i) 120% of the then outstanding principal amount of such Debenture, (ii) accrued but unpaid interest and (iii) any liquidated damages and other amounts due in respect of such Debenture.  

19

Pursuant to the terms of the Debentures, the Company has agreed to certain negative covenants, including not to incur or repay any other indebtedness, for so long as any portion of the Debenture remains outstanding.  
     
  Each of the Investor Warrants is exercisable for a period of five years from the original issue date of each Investor Warrant, at an initial exercise price of $2.40 per share (the  Investor Warrant Exercise Price ). In addition to customary adjustments for stock splits and the like, if a Triggering Event occurs, the Investor Warrant Exercise Price is subject to reduction to the Conversion Price applicable as a result of such Triggering Event, in which event the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Investor Warrants would be increased such that the aggregate Investor Warrant Exercise Price payable under the Investor Warrants, after taking into account the decrease in the Investor Warrant Exercise Price, would be equal to the aggregate Investor Warrant Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. If at any time after the six month anniversary of the original issue date for each Investor Warrant there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrant, then such Investor Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time on a  cashless exercise  basis.  
     
  The Company s obligations under the Debentures are secured by a lien on all of the Company s assets, including a pledge of the securities of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of a security agreement entered into as of June 30, 2015 between the Company and the Investor.  
     
  Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Investor received a right of first refusal to purchase up to 100% of the securities offered by the Company in future private placement offerings through November 30, 2016. In addition, from the original issue date for each Debenture and Investor Warrant until the 12-month anniversary of the date the Company s common stock is listed on Nasdaq or NYSE MKT, the Investor may, in its sole determination, elect to purchase, in one or more purchases, additional debentures with an aggregate subscription amount of up to $4,000,000, and Investor Warrants to purchase that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the original principal amount of such additional debentures divided by $2.00. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company agreed (i) for a period of 180 days following the closing date for each Securities Purchase Agreement , not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock, and (ii) until such time as the Debentures and Investor Warrants are no longer outstanding, not to issue any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock at an effective per share purchase price of less than $2.40 (subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like), provided that after the time that the related Debentures are no longer outstanding, the Company may receive a waiver from such restriction by paying the Investor an amount in cash equal to 15% of the purchase price paid by the Investor for the related Debentures. If at any time during the period beginning on the six-month anniversary of the closing date for each Securities Purchase Agreement and ending at such time as all of the shares of common stock underlying the related Debentures and Investor Warrants can be sold without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if the Company either (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirements contained in Rule 144 or (ii) shall have ever been, or become, an issuer described in section (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144, then the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Investor an amount in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to 2% of the purchase price paid by the Investor for the Debenture per month until the applicable event giving right to such payments is cured (or the Investor is nonetheless able to transfer the Securities pursuant to Rule 144).  
      
  On the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, the Investor entered into a lock-up agreement (the  Investor Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which it agreed, subject to certain exceptions and conditions, not to sell any of the Securities for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date, (ii) the date on which the Company notifies the Investor of its intention to redeem some or all of the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture pursuant to the terms thereof or (iii) a trading day on or after the nine-month anniversary of the Effective Date on which either: (x) the aggregate dollar trading volume of the Company s common stock since the Effective Date equals or exceeds $10,000,000 (provided that since the Effective Date, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock has been equal to or exceeded $4.00 for a period of 30 consecutive trading days) or (y) the closing bid price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $8.00 for a period of 30 consecutive trading days.  
     
  At the time of issuance, the Company determined that (i) the net share settlement (cashless exercise) provision on the Investor Warrants and (ii) the variable Debenture conversion price constituted derivative liabilities because the variable exercise price and variable Debenture conversion price features represented variable conversion features.  
     
  The Company accounted for the borrowing under the Debentures, the Investor Warrants and the conversion rights in accordance with the guidance prescribed in ASC 470-20. In accordance with ASC 470-20, the fair value of the Investor Warrants and the conversion rights are considered original issue discounts, required to be amortized over the life of the note as interest expense using the effective interest rate method.  
     
  The fair value of the Investor Warrants and conversion rights were recorded on the issuance dates using a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model, which was included in derivative liability on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets, and re-measured as of September 30, 2016 (see Note 8).  

20

Note 6   Royalty Obligation   
     
  On June 25, 2014, the Company entered into a royalty purchase agreement (the  Royalty Obligation ) with a third party ( Purchaser ) as amended in May and June 2015. Under the terms of the amended Royalty Obligation, the Company was advanced $1,750,000 by the Purchaser and in return, the Company agreed to pay the Purchaser a royalty amount equal to 3.09% of monthly revenue generated from products or services that incorporate any of the Company's intellectual property ("IP Revenue") including patents, copyrights and trademarks in perpetuity ("Royalty Payments"). No monthly Royalty Payments for any calendar month will be less than $36,458.   
     
  The monthly royalty payments were deferred from April 2015 through June 2016 and were due on July 1, 2016.  
     
  The Company did not make the July 1, 2016 royalty payment under its Royalty Obligation. The Company is negotiating an extension to the due date. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be successful in such negotiations or that the Company will be able to make the delinquent royalty payments and accordingly the outstanding royalty amount due under the Royalty Obligation has been presented as current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.   
     
  Royalty expense of approximately $109,000 and $120,000 is included in Interest Expense, other on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
     
  Royalty expense of approximately $328,000 and $307,000 is included in Interest Expense, other on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
     
  Approximately $698,000 and $370,000 of accrued royalty expense was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1,750,000 was outstanding under the Royalty Obligation.  

21

Note 7   Related Party Transactions    
     
  Long-term notes due to related parties consist of the following:  

22

The following table provides information regarding annual required repayments under the notes payable, as amended, as of September 30, 2016:  

The Company incurred interest expense of approximately $73,000 and $75,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and interest expense of approximately $224,000 and $224,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which is presented in interest expense   related parties in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $1,414,000 and $1,188,000 of accrued but unpaid interest is presented in accrued interest, related parties in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively.  
     
  Approximately $240,000 was due to the chairman of the Company s board of directors, a related party, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively for consulting fees.  
     
  The Company paid PFO Europe, a company owned by a relative of the Company s former CEO, approximately $0 and $64,000 in fees and expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to market the Company s products and services in Europe.   
     
  The Company paid PFO Europe, approximately $0 and $32,000 in fees and expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively  .   
     
  On February 29, 2016, Rudolf Suter retired from his position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Suter pursuant to which Mr. Suter provided certain advisory services in exchange for 3% of net sales that he generated. Such commissions were paid in the form of options. In addition, Mr. Suter was paid $65,000 in cash and granted 400,000 options, at a weighted averaged exercise price of $.30 per share, under the 2015 Stock Option Plan with an estimated fair value of $28,000 (see Note 11) in full and final settlement of deferred salary and accrued vacation of approximately $152,000 and outstanding principal and interest due to Mr. Suter under his automobile allowance of approximately $60,000. The Company also reclassified its security deposit under its existing PFO Europe lease to expense as these services are no longer provided upon Mr. Suter s departure. The consulting agreement was terminated on May 26, 2016. All remaining principal and interest due to Mr. Suter or relatives of Mr. Suter under existing notes payable agreements and previous option grants to Mr. Suter remain outstanding under existing terms as of September 30, 2016.  

23

Note 8- Derivative Obligation   
       
    Class A Warrants    
     
       As of September 30, 2016, 8,183,446 Class A Warrants were issued and outstanding. The Company did not grant any Class A Warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company determined that the price protection feature on the Class A Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the price protection feature represents a variable conversion feature, and estimated the fair value of the derivative liability of approximately $0 using a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model and the following assumptions as of September 30, 2016:  

Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatilities of comparable companies, industry indexes, and other factors. Expected term is based on remaining term of the Class A Warrants. The discount rate represents the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds with a maturity equal to the expected term. The present value of a share is based upon management s estimate of the equity value of the Company and the number of shares outstanding.  
     
  The Company recorded a gain of approximately $795,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a loss of approximately $280,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015, representing the net change in the fair value of the derivative liability for such periods, which are presented as fair value changes of derivative instruments, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
     
  The Company recorded a gain of approximately $1,036,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a loss of approximately $313,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing the net change in the fair value of the derivative liability for such periods, which are presented as fair value changes of derivative instruments, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
     
  In accordance with GAAP, the following table represents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its Class A Warrants measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016:  

24

The following table reflects the change in fair value of the Company s Class A Warrants for the period ended September 30, 2016:  

Class C Warrants    
     
  As of September 30, 2016, 331,861, Class C Warrants were issued and outstanding. The Company did not grant any Class C Warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
     
  The Company determined that the price protection feature on the Class C Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the variable exercise price represents a variable conversion feature.   
       
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company determined that the fair value of the derivative liability pertaining to the Class C Warrants was immaterial as of such date. The fair value of the derivative obligation was estimated using Binomial Lattice Valuation Model and the following assumptions:  

Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatilities of comparable companies, industry indexes, and other factors. Expected term is based on remaining term of the Class C Warrants. The discount rate represents the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds with a maturity equal to the expected term. The present value of a share is based upon management s estimate of the equity value of the Company and the number of shares outstanding.  

25

The fair value of the derivative liability related to the Class C Warrants did not change materially from the date of issuance to September 30, 2016.  
     
    Investor Warrants    
     
  As of December 31, 2015, 3,290,000 Investor Warrants were issued and outstanding. The Company did not grant any Investor Warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company determined that the net settlement (cashless exercise) feature on the Investor Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the net settlement feature represents a variable conversion feature. As of September 30, 2016 the Company estimated the fair value of the derivative liability of approximately $0 using a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model and the following assumptions:  

Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatilities of comparable companies, industry indexes, and other factors. Expected term is based on remaining term of the Investor Warrants. The discount rate represents the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds with a maturity equal to the expected term. The present value of a share is based upon management s estimate of the equity value of the Company and the number of shares outstanding.  
     
  The Company recorded a gain of approximately $329,000 and a loss of $134,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing the net change in the fair value of the derivative liability for such periods, which are presented as fair value changes of derivative instruments, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
     
  The Company recorded a gain of approximately $427,000 and a loss of $134,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing the net change in the fair value of the derivative liability for such periods, which are presented as fair value changes of derivative instruments, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
     
  In accordance with GAAP, the following table represents the Company s fair value hierarchy for the Investor Warrants measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016:  

The following table reflects the change in fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities for the period ended September 30, 2016:  

Debenture Conversion Feature    
     
  The Debentures issued during the year ended December 31, 2015 (see Note 5) and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, include a conversion feature whereby they can be converted into 3,290,000 and 1,828,400 shares of common stock, subject to certain adjustments. At the time of issuance, the Company determined that the variable nature of the conversion feature constituted a derivative liability. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company estimated the fair value of the derivative liability of approximately $0 using a Binomial Lattice Valuation Model and the following assumptions:  

26

Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatilities of comparable companies, industry indexes, and other factors. Expected term is based on the expected remaining term of the conversion feature. The discount rate represents the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds with a maturity equal to the expected term. The present value of a share is based upon management s estimate of the equity value of the Company and the number of shares outstanding.  
     
  The Company recorded a gain/(loss) of approximately $0 and $41,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and a gain/(loss) of approximately $306,000 and $41,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing the net change in the fair value of the derivative liability for such periods, which are presented as fair value changes of derivative instruments, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
     
  In accordance with GAAP, the following table represents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its debenture conversion feature measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016:  

The following table reflects the change in fair value of the Company s Debenture Conversion Feature for the period ended September 30, 2016:  

The following table reflects the fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities as of September 30, 2016:  

Amount   

Class A Warrants   
   
 $ 
 0 

Investor Warrants   

0 

Debenture Conversion Feature   

- 

$ 
 0 

Note 9 - Commitment and Contingencies   
     
    Operating Lease Agreements     
     
  During 2015, the Company leased 4,500 square feet at 7501 Esters Boulevard, Suite 100, Irving, Texas 75063 at approximately $11,300 per month. The lease expired on June 30, 2016. On March 8, 2016, the Company moved its corporate office to 14401 W. Beltwood Parkway, Farmers Branch, TX 75244.   
     
  In conjunction with the Company s acquisition of Optima in March 2013, the Company assumed a facility lease with an unrelated third party at 111 Research Drive, Stratford, CT 06615. The office space at this location consisted of approximately 10,200 square feet and cost the Company approximately $8,513 per month. The lease expired on May 31, 2016.   
     
  The Company consolidated facilities into a new location at 14401 W. Beltwood Parkway, Farmers Branch, TX 75244 and completed the consolidation in May 2016. The Company believes that its facilities are suitable and adequate to meet its current business requirements. The current office space at this location consists of approximately 15,500 square feet and costs the Company approximately $10,400 per month. The lease is set to expire on February 29, 2019.  
      
  Approximate annual future minimum lease payments under all operating leases, as amended, subsequent to September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Rental expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $29,000 and $81,000 and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $159,000 and $236,000 respectively.  

27

Litigation   
           
  From time to time, the Company is subject to lawsuits and claims that arise out of its operations in the normal course of business. The Company is a plaintiff or a defendant in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business, some of which involve claims for damages that are substantial in amount. The Company believes that the disposition of any claims that arise out of operations in the normal course of business will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  
     
   VSP Labs, Inc.    
     
  On April 20, 2012, Pro Fit Optix, Inc. ( Optix ) sold software technology to VSP Labs, Inc. ( VSP ) pursuant to a Technology Transfer and Development Agreement ( TTDA ) for $6,000,000 payable in bi-annual installments of $1,000,000 through October 15, 2014 net of credits and incentives as defined in the TTDA. In accordance with the TTDA, Optix was required to perform additional production and customization of the software technology over the agreement term. The software technology required significant customization and development on the effective date and in accordance with ASC 605-35, the Company has accounted for the TTDA under the completed contract method.  
     
  On October 25, 2013, VSP filed a lawsuit against Optix in the Superior Court of California, County of Sacramento   Unlimited Civil Division. The lawsuit alleges, among other things, that Optix has failed to provide certain services under the TTDA between the parties which allegedly triggered the right of VSP to perform such services on its own or to engage third parties to render such services. The lawsuit seeks declaratory relief to establish that VSP was entitled to perform the services that the Company allegedly failed to perform and also seeks to establish that VSP is entitled to deduct the fees and expenses associated with the performance of such services from the payments that VSP is otherwise required to make under the terms of the TTDA, in addition to recovery of attorneys  fees and costs associated with the lawsuit. On December 23, 2014, the Company filed a cross complaint against VSP seeking damages based on breach of contract and unfair business practices. On June 17, 2015 the Company and VSP participated in a mediation to resolve the case. The trial date of October 31, 2016 has been continued by the court to March 13, 2017.The Company plans to vigorously protest VSP s claim and continue to pursue the uncollected portions under the TTDA as well as damages under its cross complaint. The Company is unable to express an opinion as to the likely outcome of this claim. An unfavorable outcome could have a materially adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations.  
     
  Deferred revenue, which is comprised of payments received under the TTDA and prepaid orders of frame inventories were approximately $2,582,000 as of each of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Deferred costs, comprised of costs incurred related to the TTDA, were approximately $294,000 as of each of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
         
   Claim Investment Agreement   
     
  On March 4, 2016, Optix and Hillair Capital Management LLC ( Hillair ) entered into a claim investment agreement (the  Claim Investment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Claim Investment Agreement, Optix may from time to time submit to Hillair directions to pay, or fund in advance, the legal fees and expenses of Optix s attorney of record in that certain lawsuit captioned VSP Labs, Inc. v. Pro Fit Optix, Inc., pending in the Sacramento Superior Court, Sacramento County, California, Action No. 34-2013-00153788 (the  Lawsuit ), to which Optix is a party, and Hillair will cause Hillair Capital Investment L.P. ( HCI ) to pay such legal fees and expenses on Optix s behalf. Each payment made pursuant to the Claims Investment Agreement shall constitute an  Investment , and the sum of all Investments made shall be referred to as the  Investment Amount .  
   
  The Claim Investment Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of Optix and Hillair, and each party agreed to keep confidential and not use or disclose the confidential information of the other party.  
     
  In consideration for the Investment, if a final disposition or settlement of any claim in connection with the Lawsuit ( Claims ) results in a Recovery (as defined in the Claim Investment Agreement) to Optix, Optix shall first pay to HCI 100% of any Recovery until HCI has received an amount equal to the Investment Amount, and second, 50% of the amount of any Recovery in excess of the Investment Amount (collectively, the  Hillair Return ). In the event payment is not made to HCI in accordance with the Claims Investment Agreement, Optix shall pay to HCI interest of 24% per annum on any unpaid balances until paid in full.  
     
  The Investment is being made on a non-recourse basis to Optix; however, Pro Fit Optix has granted to HCI a security interest in the amount of the Hillair Return against Optix s portion of any Recovery. In addition, the non-recourse limitation shall not apply at any time an Event of Default (as defined in the Claims Investment Agreement) exists or has occurred and is continuing.  

28

If for any reason Hillair does not fulfill its obligation to cause HCI to pay legal fees or expenses, Optix s sole and exclusive remedy is termination of the Claim Investment Agreement. No termination of the Claims Investment Agreement shall relieve Optix of its obligations thereunder until the Hillair Return has been fully and finally discharged and paid. In addition, pursuant to the Claims Investment Agreement, Hillair has the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cease and revoke its funding obligations in the event of any unfavorable procedural or substantive outcome occurred in furtherance of the Claims, including but not limited to motions, petitions, verdicts, judgments, orders or appeals granted against Optix.  
     
  Optix granted Hillair an exclusive right of first refusal for any additional funding that Optix may desire in connection with the Claims. In addition, Optix agreed to limit all advances, including those already taken against the Claims, to a total of $250,000, and Optix may not receive funding in excess of such amount from any source other than HCI without Hillair s express written consent. Hillair has continued to fund legal fees in excess of $250,000.   
        
  Since March 4, 2016 through the end of September 30, 2016, HCI has incurred approximately $354,000 in legal fees on the lawsuit.   
      
   Waud Capital Partners, L.L.C.   
     
  On May 22, 2014, Waud Capital Partners, L.L.C. ( Waud ) filed a breach of contract suit against Optix in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois. In its complaint, Waud alleges that pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement between the parties, it is entitled to reimbursement of certain expenses in the amount of approximately $111,000 that Waud incurred in connection with its proposed investment in Optix, in addition to recovery of attorneys  fees and costs associated with the lawsuit. In May 2015, the lawsuit was settled for $120,000 to be paid via twelve monthly payments beginning June 1, 2015, and such cost, net of payments, is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was $70,000. The Company is currently in default under this agreement and Waud has instituted legal proceedings to obtain a judgment.  
     
   Denton-Harvest   
     
  Rudolf Suter, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, is the defendant in a civil action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division. The plaintiffs, Peter Denton and Harvest Investors, L.P., since January 27, 2012, have filed garnishments related to payments from Pro Fit Optix, Inc. to Mr. Suter on several occasions. The plaintiffs have also alleged fraudulent conveyances of funds from Mr. Suter to his wife through a  conspiracy  with us. Plaintiffs seek approximately $676,000 plus costs from us, Mr. Suter and his wife.   

All litigation brought by Peter Denton and Harvest Investors, L.P. against the Company, Holdings, and Optix has been dismissed with prejudice.  

29

HKO Purchase and Supply Agreement   
     
  On August 31, 2010, the Company entered into a Purchase and Supply Agreement with HKO ( HKO Supply Agreement ) with headquarters in Shenzhen, China.  
     
  In accordance with the HKO Supply Agreement, HKO sells eyewear, which consists of frames and lenses, and provides frame inventory management services to the Company. The Company provides frames to HKO to fulfill future orders of eyewear and maintains title and risk of loss to these frames while the frames reside in HKO s warehouse in accordance with the HKO Supply Agreement. Once the frames are used by HKO to fulfill orders of eyewear, risk of loss transfers until such time the eyewear is received by the Company at its facility in Texas or a designated third party which is typically within 2-3 days of order fulfillment. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $196,000 and $208,000, respectively, of inventory pertains to frame inventory maintained in HKO s warehouse for frames that have not yet been used to fulfill orders of eyewear.  
     
  The Company and HKO have the option to terminate the HKO Supply Agreement if either of the following occurs (i) the other party breaches any material provision of the agreement and the breaching party fails to cure such material breach within thirty days following written notice; or (ii) the other party becomes the subject of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the applicable national, federal, or state bankruptcy or insolvency laws and such proceeding is not terminated within sixty (60) days of its commencement. Any change in the Company s relationship with HKO could have an adverse effect on the Company s business.  
     
  Purchases from HKO represented approximately 46% ($851,000) and 61% ($933,000) of the Company s total purchases for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $172,000 and $357,000, respectively, was due to HKO which is presented in accounts payable in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

30

Note 10   Customer and Vendor Concentrations   
     
  During the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were one and four customers who accounted for approximately 23% and 61% of the Company s net sales, respectively. During the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was one customer who accounted for approximately 18% and 14% of the Company s net sales, respectively. Approximately $177,000 and $186,000 which accounts for approximately 29% and 25% of accounts receivable, trade was due from these customers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
     
  The main materials used in the Company s products are polycarbonate and plastic. The Company has many suppliers and sources for these materials to meet their purchasing needs at prices which would not significantly impair their ability to compete effectively. During the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were three suppliers which accounted for approximately 84% and 93% of the Company s net purchases, respectively. Approximately $242,000 and $450,000 which accounts for approximately 12% and 19% of accounts payable was due to the Company s major vendors as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Note 11   EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN   
         
   OPTIONS GRANTED   
     
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 1,045,875 and 400,000 options to its current and former CEO, respectively, at a weighted averaged exercise price of $.30 per share. The options granted to the Company s current CEO vest over a 5 year period and expire 10 years from the grant date. The options granted to the Company s former CEO vested immediately and expire 4.5 years from the grant date pursuant to a consulting agreement with Mr. Suter (see Note 7). The weighted average grant date fair value was $.07 per share using the following assumptions:  

The following table summarizes the option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

The following table summarizes the Company s option activity for non-vested options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  :    

Stock based compensation was approximately $72,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Stock based compensation was approximately $3,700 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total equity based compensation related to non-vested awards not yet recognized as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was approximately $61,000 and $0, respectively.  

31

Note 12  Stockholders  Equity / Deficit   
     
    Warrants    
            
  The Company did not grant any warrants during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. The following summarizes the Company s warrant activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

As of September 30, 2016, warrants to purchase approximately 1,076,000   shares of common stock remained unvested. The fair value of the warrants will be expensed based on vesting or probable vesting of such warrants. The following summarizes the Company s outstanding warrants as of September 30, 2016:  

Note 13  Subsequent Events   
      
  On October 10, 2016, Brigitte Rousseau, the former chief financial officer of the Company, entered into a consulting agreement with the Company (the  Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Ms. Rousseau agreed to provide certain advisory services to the Company, as directed by the Company s board of directors, for up to twenty hours per week for a period of six months. The Company agreed to pay to Ms. Rousseau (i) a monthly fee in the amount of $12,330 and (ii) for any hours worked by Ms. Rousseau pursuant to the Consulting Agreement that exceed eighty hours in any calendar month, an additional fee of $100 per hour. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on September 1, 2016 and continues until February 28, 2017, subject to the early termination provisions provided in the Consulting Agreement.  
     
  On October 17, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $431,200 in principal amount of a Debenture to the Investor for an aggregate purchase price of $385,000. This Debenture matures on October 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate 12% per annum. No warrants were issued in connection with this Debenture issuance.  

32

Item 2.     
 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
     
   The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless otherwise stated, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  us,   we,   our,  or our  Company  refer to PFO Global, Inc. and its subsidiaries.   
     
   Forward-Looking Statements   
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains  forward-looking statements  regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained herein, including statements regarding our business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results, are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   believe,   seek,   estimate,   assume,   can,   could,   forecast,   guide,   may,   project,   target,   would  and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements.  
     
  Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to:  
     
        our history of recurring losses and negative cash flows, significant future commitments and the uncertainty regarding the adequacy of our liquidity to pursue our business objectives;  
        our ability to execute our business plan, fund our operations and continue as a going concern;  
        our failure to maintain proper and effective internal controls;  
        our significant amount of indebtedness and increased need for additional financing;  
        our dependence on a limited number of suppliers;   
        intense competition in our industry, including large, well-established companies; and  
        those factors set forth under  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1.A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
     
  Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
     
   Overview   
     
  We are an innovative manufacturer and commercial provider of advanced prescription lenses, finished eyewear and vision technologies targeted towards the global optometrists  marketplace. Our interactive manufacturing, fulfillment and proprietary online ordering systems combined with our eyewear lens product lines, are intended to meet the needs of a broad array of eyewear markets, from the offices of independent eye care professional to U.S. healthcare entitlement programs, such as Medicaid and Medicare.  
     
  Headquartered in Farmers Branch, Texas, we provide eyewear and prescription lenses to eye care professionals and prescription laboratories. We have developed proprietary cloud based software and electronic devices to streamline logistics and reduce costs for our customers. Additionally, we offer a high-resolution polycarbonate lens that we believe has lower distortion than competing lenses. We believe that the offering of our high quality lenses at low price points combined with our proprietary software and electronic devices enable independent eye care professionals to compete more effectively with large retail chains in the eyewear industry. Further, our low price points enable us to participate in the United States Medicaid and Medicare programs, as well as insurance programs mandated by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which requires pediatric vision coverage.  
     
  We have incurred losses from inception and have an accumulated deficit of $38.5 million as of September 30, 2016. Until we are able to generate revenues that result in positive margins from the sale of eyewear and prescription lenses that exceed operating costs, profitable operations will not be attained and we will have to continue funding future cash needs through financing activities. In the event that we choose or need to raise additional capital, we may be required to do so in such a manner that will result in further dilution of an investor s ownership and voting interest. Also, any new securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our current common stockholders. Furthermore, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could have an adverse effect upon the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future and at prices we deem appropriate.  
     
  The market price of our common stock is volatile because we have a very small public float and a limited trading market. Future announcements concerning our major customers or competitors, the results of product testing, technological innovations or commercial products, government rules and regulations, developments concerning proprietary rights, and litigation may have a significant impact on the market price of the shares of our common stock.  

33

Summary of Recent Developments   
       
   Completion of Merger   
     
  On June 30, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), Pro Fit Optix Holding Company, LLC ( Holding ) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with the Company, formerly Energy Telecom, Inc. and PFO Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Effective Date, the Company completed the acquisition of Holding by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into Holding, such that Holding became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Merger ). Immediately following the Merger, the former PFO Global, Inc. equity holders owned approximately 8% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.  
     
  For accounting purposes, the Merger was recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No 805-40, Reverse Acquisitions. Accordingly, PFO Global, Inc. was recognized as the accounting acquiree in the Merger, with Holding being the accounting acquirer. As such, the historical financial statements of Holding are treated as the historical financial statements of the combined company.   
     
   Debt Financings   
       
  Subsequent to the Merger, we have sold an aggregate of approximately $10.23 million in principal amount of Original issue discount senior secured convertible debentures and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,780,000 shares of common stock, and incurred debt issuance and debt discount costs of $1.3 million. For further details on the senior secured convertible debentures and warrants, please refer to  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources   Securities Purchase Agreements.    
     
   Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies   
       
  In response to Financial Reporting Release No, FR-60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, from the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), we have selected our more subjective accounting estimation processes for purposes of explaining the methodology used in calculating the estimate, in addition to the inherent uncertainties pertaining to the estimate and the possible effects on our financial condition. The accounting estimates involve certain assumptions that if incorrect could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. See Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ) for further discussion regarding our critical accounting policies and estimates. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K.   
     
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with our board of directors and our audit committee.  
     
  An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially impact the financial statements. We believe that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables us to provide useful and reliable financial information about our operating results and financial condition.  

34

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
        
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), providing common revenue recognition guidance for GAAP. Under ASU 2014-09, an entity recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. It also requires additional detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 will become effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. We will adopt the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15 by the date required, and we do not anticipate that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.  
     
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. It is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We adopted this new standard as of January 1, 2016. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
     
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  (ASU 2015-11 ) simplifying the measurement of inventory. The guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which consists of estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable cost of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new guidance eliminates unnecessary complexity that exists under current  lower of cost or market  guidance. For public entities, ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The guidance is to be applied prospectively as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the implementation of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
     
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ), which requires that adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period of a business combination be recognized in the reporting period in which those adjustments are determined, including the effect on earnings, if any, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. This eliminates the previous requirement to retrospectively account for such adjustments. ASU 2015-16 also requires additional disclosures related to the income statement effects of adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period. ASU 2015-16 became effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted. Accordingly, we adopted this new standard on January 1, 2016. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
     
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ) simplifying the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. Under prior guidance, an entity was required to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and non-current amounts. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected. For public entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The guidance may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We adopted the new guidance on a prospective basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Financial statements for prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The new guidance had no impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new lease accounting guidance ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under the new guidance, at the commencement date, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a leases, measured on a discounted basis, and a right-to-use asset, which is an asset that represented the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The new guidance is not applicable for leases with a term of 12 months or less. Lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), a consensus of the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force.  The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effects, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated cash flows.  

35

Results of Operations   
     
    Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three months ended September 30, 2015    
     
  The financial information presented in the tables below is comprised of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Net sales.     Net sales were $0.79 million and $0.71 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The 11% increase was due primarily to an increase in the volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear.  
     
    Cost of Sales   .  Cost of sales was $0.58 million and $0.51 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in costs was primarily due to increase in the volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear.  

Gross Profit   .  Gross profit was $0.21 million and $0.20 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase was due primarily to increased volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear.  
     
    Operating Expenses   .  Operating expenses were $1.36 million and $2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease was due primarily to a $0.65 million decrease in personnel costs because of cost reductions initiated in November 2015, a $0.11million decrease in legal and professional fees, a $0.07 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, and a $0.11 million decrease in bad debt expense. These changes are illustrated in the table below.  

Other Expense   .  Other Expense was $.04 million and $1.74 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease is due primarily to a $1.58 million increase in the change in fair value of derivative instruments, and a $0.19 million decrease in interest expense (including amortization of debt discount and issuance costs), partially offset by a $0.07 million decrease in other income.  

36

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015    
     
  The financial information presented in the tables below is comprised of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Net sales.     Net sales were $2.80 million and $2.16 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The 29% increase was due primarily to an increase in the volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear.   
     
    Cost of Sales   .  Cost of sales was $1.84 million and $1.53 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in costs was primarily due to increase in the volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear.  

Gross Profit   .  Gross profit was $0.95 million and $0.63 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase was due primarily to increased volume of sales of prescription lenses and complete eyewear and better inventory management.  
     
    Operating Expenses   .  Operating expenses, exclusive of cost of sales, were $3.92 million and $6.35 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease was due primarily to a $1.87 million decrease in personnel costs as a result of cost reductions initiated in November 2015, a $0.53 million decrease in legal, general and administrative expenses, a $0.08 million decrease in depreciation and amortization and a decrease of $0.08 million in bad debt expense, partially offset by $0.13 million increase in sales and marketing expenses. These changes are illustrated in the table below.  

Other Expense   .  Other Expense was $1.77 million and $5.25 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease is due primarily to a $2.26 million increase in the change in fair value of derivative instruments, a $0.58 million decrease in debt extinguishment loss, and a $0.79 million decrease in interest expense (including amortization of debt discount and issuance costs), partially offset by a $0.15 decrease in other income.   

37

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth below:  

Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of our equity and borrowings under various debt instruments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $3.01 million of cash in operating activities and ended the period with $130,413 in cash and cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of approximately $23 million. We currently use approximately $650,000 per month for continuing operations, which includes general operating expenses (office lease, utilities, salary and insurance), promotion and marketing (travel, entertainment, meals and website development), and professional services (accounting, legal, professional and state fees and intellectual property fees). We expect this rate to remain relatively consistent for the next twelve months.  
        
  These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. For information regarding our ability to continue as a going concern, please refer to Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
     
  Our primary source of operating funds since inception has been cash proceeds from issuance of notes payable. We believe that we will have the ability to raise additional capital through private placements of debt and equity securities that will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months, although there are no assurances that we will be able to raise the capital on terms acceptable to us or at all, or will be sufficient to enable us to fully complete our development activities or sustain operations. We have raised approximately $3.1 million, net of repayments and debt issuance costs, in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and $385,000, net of debt issuance costs, through the issuance of convertible debentures subsequent to September 30, 2016. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected.   
     
  Management believes that the actions presently being taken by us will provide sufficient liquidity for us to continue to execute our business plan. However, there can be no assurances that management s plans will be achieved. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional funds, we will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back our current business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful.  
        
    Operating Activities    

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, operating activities used $3.01 million in cash as a result of (a) a net loss of $4.74 million, adjusted by non-cash items such as amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs of $1.9 million, change in the fair value of derivative instruments of $1.77 million, options issued in exchange for compensation and services of $0.07 million, accrual of interest due to related parties of $0.22 million, accrual of interest due to third parties of $1.4 million, depreciation and amortization of $0.10 million and provision for doubtful accounts of $0.02 million and (b) an increase in working capital of $0.26 million.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, operating activities used $5.8 million in cash as a result of (a) a net loss of $11.0 million, adjusted by non-cash items such as amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs of $3.2 million, loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.6 million, change in the fair value of derivative instruments of $0.5 million, shares issued in exchange for services of $0.2 million, a $0.2 million write off of prepaid IPO costs, accrual of interest due to related parties of $0.2 million, accrual of interest due to third parties of $0.98 million, depreciation and amortization of $0.18 million and provision for doubtful accounts of $0.1 million and (b) an decrease in working capital of $0.13 million.   

Investing Activities    
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 we used $0.06 and $0.06 million respectively, for the purchase of business software, servers, network, and lab and production equipment.   
      
    Financing Activities    
     
  Our financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulted in net cash of $3.18 million related to net proceeds of $3.27 million from issuance of various notes payable, partially offset by $0.07 million in debt issue costs and $0.02 million in loan repayments and debt issue costs.  

38

Notes Payable    
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the principal amount due under our promissory notes was $16.7 million, before debt discounts and debt issuance costs of $1.6 million.   
     
  The following table provides information regarding annual required repayments under the notes payable as of September 30, 2016:  

Convertible Promissory Note   
        
   On January 28, 2014, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note ( Convertible Note ) for a principal amount of $200,000 with a stated interest rate of 18%. On January 20, 2015 and April 2015 the maturity date of the Convertible Note was extended to June 30, 2015 and May 1, 2016, respectively. On June 29, 2015, the maturity date of the Convertible Note was further amended such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. All obligations under the Convertible Note were secured by a first priority security interest in all inventory of Optima. In conjunction with the Convertible Note, the Company issued a five year warrant to purchase 57,820 shares of common stock (approximately 0.4% of the Company's then total issued and outstanding shares of common stock) for an exercise price of $1.00 per share.  

39

Promissory Note   
     
  On February 12, 2014, the Company entered into a promissory note ( Promissory Note ) for a principal amount of $50,000 with a stated interest rate of 18%. In April 2015, the maturity date of the Promissory Note was amended to May 1, 2016. On June 29, 2015, the maturity date of the Promissory Note was further amended such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018.   
     
   Series A Private Placement   
       
  On various dates from May 1, 2014 through September 19, 2014, the Company issued and sold 299.25 investment units to accredited investors (the  Series A Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a Series A secured promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (collectively the  Series A Note ), (ii) a five-year Class A warrant to purchase 6,250 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.60 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance (collectively the  Class A Warrants ), and (iii) five-year Class B warrants to purchase 1,756.6 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance(collectively the  Class B Warrants ). Proceeds received from the Series A Private Placement were approximately $2,633,000 net of related costs of approximately $360,000.  
     
  In January 2015, the Company amended certain of the Series A Notes. Note holders representing $2,255,000 of outstanding principal amount of Series A Notes entered into amendments whereby (a) each Series A Note matures on the earlier of (i) the 12-month anniversary of the issuance date and (ii) the completion of any merger with or acquisition by a third party; and (b) upon an initial public offering or cash acquisition of the Company, the outstanding principal and interest will automatically convert into Common Stock at a per share conversion price equal to (i) in the event of an initial public offering, 100% of the offering price of the Common Stock in the Public Offering or (ii) in the event of an acquisition, 80% of the per share valuation of the Company s equity in connection with the acquisition.  
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,039,063 shares of common stock to note holders and 83,125 shares of common stock to the private placement agent at an exercise price of $1.60 per share, exercisable in whole or in part as of the date of issuance. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet at the issuance date and re-measured at each reporting period.   
     
  Also, in May 2015, the Company amended certain of the Series A Notes whereby each Series A Note matures on the earlier of: (i) the 24-month anniversary of the issuance date; (ii) the completion of any acquisition, merger or consolidation of the Company in which the collective ownership of the Company in the transaction would own, in the aggregate, a lower percentage of the total combined voting power of the surviving entity than the acquiring company s collective ownership; (iii) thirty (30) days following the funding of any financing that results in a listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange (i.e., the Nasdaq or NYSE); or (iv) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets in one transaction or in a series of related transactions.   
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,876,563 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 149,625 shares of common stock to the private placement agent and (i) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 527,421 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 42,053 shares of common stock to the private placement agent.   
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of each Series A Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. Such amendments were accounted for as modifications of debt. In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 150,125 shares of common stock to the private placement agent.   

40

Secured Bridge Private Placement   
     
  On various dates from September 19, 2014 through November 18, 2014, the Company issued and sold 115.5 investment units to accredited investors (the  Secured Bridge Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a secured promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (the  Bridge Note ), (ii) five-year Class A Warrant to purchase 6,250 shares of common stock, and (iii) five-year Class B Warrant to purchase 1,756.6 shares of common stock. The Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants had exercise prices of $1.60 and $.01 per share, respectively.  
     
  In May 2015, the Bridge Notes were amended, modifying the maturity date of the Bridge Notes such that each Bridge Note matures on the earlier of: (i) the receipt of funds from accounts receivable in the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of all Bridge Notes; (ii) the receipt of gross proceeds from any accounts receivable financing or factoring financing in an amount equal to at least the aggregate Bridge Note principal; (iii) thirty (30)days following the funding of any financing that results in a listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange; (iv) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets in one transaction or in a series of related transactions; (v) the completion of any acquisition, merger or consolidation of the Company in which the collective ownership of the Company in the transaction would own, in the aggregate, a lower percentage of the total combined voting power of the surviving entity than the acquiring company s collective ownership; and (vi) January 1, 2016.   
      
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 721,875 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 57,750 shares of common stock to the private placement agent and (ii) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 202,888 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 16,231 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability on the issuance date and re-measured at each reporting period (see Note 8). The fair value of the Class B Warrants was included in stockholders  deficit on the issuance date.  
     
  In June 2015, the Company further amended the maturity date of certain Bridge Notes such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018. In July 2015, a Bridge Note with an original principal amount of $125,000 was repaid. In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 643,750 shares of common stock to note holders and approximately 57,750 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability at the issuance date and re-measured as of the reporting period.  
     
   Convertible Notes Private Placement   
     
  On various dates from January 1, 2015 through June 30, 2015, the Company issued and sold 179.5 investment units to accredited investors (the  Convertible Notes Private Placement ). Each investment unit was sold at a purchase price of $10,000 and consisted of (i) a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $10,000 (collectively, the  Convertible Notes ) and (ii) a five year Class C warrant to purchase 1,502.6 shares of common stock (collectively, the  Class C Warrants ). As a result of the Convertible Notes Private Placement, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 269,717 shares of common stock. In connection with the Convertible Note Private Placement, the Company issued to the placement agent (i) five-year Class C Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 21,577 shares of common stock.  
     
  Each Convertible Note bears interest at a rate of 9% per annum and matures on the 12-month anniversary of the issuance date unless converted into equity upon an initial public offering of the Company s securities or a cash acquisition of the Company. The terms of the Convertible Notes provide that the unpaid principal and interest amounts will automatically convert into common stock in the event of an initial public offering or an acquisition at a per share conversion price equal to (i) in the event of an initial public offering, eighty percent (80%) of the offering price of the Common Stock in the Public Offering or (ii) in the event of an acquisition, 80% of the per share valuation of the Company s equity in connection with the acquisition.  
     
  The terms of the Class C Warrants provide that the exercise price of each warrant shall be (i) if the warrant is exercised on the Company s initial public offering date, 110% of the per warrant share offering price of the Company s securities in its initial public offering, (ii) if the warrant is exercised upon the occurrence of an acquisition of the Company, the lower of (x) 20% discount to the warrant share valuation in the acquisition and (y) a per warrant share price based on a fully diluted market capitalization value of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000) on the date of the acquisition, and (iii) if the warrant is exercised on June 30, 2015, a per warrant share price based on a fully diluted market capitalization value of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000) on June 30, 2015. NTHB: I deleted the phrase in the first paragraph] At the time of issuance, the Company determined that the variable exercise price feature on the Class C Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the variable exercise price feature represents a variable conversion feature.  

41

Proceeds received from the Convertible Note Private Placement were approximately $1,565,000, net of related costs of approximately $230,000.   
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of each Convertible Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018, unless earlier converted into equity.   
     
  In conjunction with the amendments, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 102,250 shares of common stock to the private placement agent. The fair value of the Class A Warrants was included in derivative liability at the issuance date and re-measured as of the reporting period (see Note 8).  
     
   Short-Term Promissory Note   
     
  In May 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note ( Short-Term Promissory Note ) for a principal amount of $100,000 with a stated interest rate of 9%.   
     
  In June 2015, the Company amended the maturity date of the Short-Term Promissory Note such that half of the principal matures on July 1, 2017 and the remainder matures on January 1, 2018, unless earlier converted into equity. Such amendment was accounted for as a modification of debt.  
     
  In conjunction with the Short-Term Promissory Note, the Company issued (i) five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 62,500 common shares at an exercise price of $1.60 per share and (i) five year Class B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 17,566 common shares at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. In conjunction with the amendment, in June 2015, the Company issued five year Class A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 62,500 common shares to the note holder and approximately 5,000 common shares to the private placement agent.   
     
  The terms of the Class A Warrants provide that, in the event the Company receives gross proceeds of at least $1,000,000 in a qualified financing (as defined therein) at a per share price of less than $1.60 per share, the exercise price will reset to 80% of the financing price. At the time of issuance, the Company determined that the price protection feature on the Class A Warrants constituted a derivative liability because the price protection feature represents a variable conversion feature.  
     
   Promissory Note   
     
  In June 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note for a principal amount of $400,000 with the Royalty Obligation Purchaser (see Note 6). $275,000 of principal was repaid, as well as a $50,000 interest payment, in July 2015; and the remaining $125,000 principal amount was due on July 1, 2016.  
     
  The Company was unable to make the July 1, 2016 principal payment. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be able to make the payment and is currently negotiating with the Royalty Obligation purchaser for an extension of the maturity date.   
     
   Securities Purchase Agreements    
     
  On various dates from June 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a series of securities purchase agreements (each, a  Securities Purchase Agreement  and collectively, the  Securities Purchase Agreements ) with Hillair Capital Investment L.P. (the  Investor ), pursuant to which the Company sold a series of original issue discount senior secured convertible debentures (each, a  Debenture  and collectively, the  Debentures ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Company sold an aggregate of $6,580,000 in principal amount of Debentures dated July 1, 2015, to the Investor for an aggregate purchase price of $5,875,000. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Company also issued warrants to the Investor to purchase an aggregate of 3,290,000 shares of the Company s common stock (subject to adjustment) (collectively, the  Investor Warrants ). The Debentures sold in 2015 mature on January 1, 2017, and accrue interest at the rate of 8% per annum. One quarter of the original principal amount of the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on each of July 1, 2016 and October 1, 2016, and the remaining principal amount of the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on January 1, 2017. 8% accrued interest on the Debentures sold in 2015 is payable on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on April 1, 2016.  

42

The Company did not make its April 1, 2016 or July 1, 2016 interest payments or the July 1, 2016 principal payment under the Debentures sold in 2015. On July 8, 2016, the Company received a waiver from the Investor extending any scheduled interest and principal payments to January 1, 2017. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be able to make the delinquent interest and principal payments and accordingly the outstanding principal amount due under the Debentures sold in 2015 has been presented as current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
     
  On January 7, 2016 the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $504,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $450,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on February 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On February 17, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $616,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $550,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on March 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.  
     
  On April 14, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $828,800 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $740,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on May 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum. After taking into account legal and diligence fees of $27,500 reimbursed to the Purchaser, the net proceeds received by the Company was $712,500.   
     
  On June 13, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $252,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $225,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on July 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.  
     
  On July 8, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $616,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $550,000 to the Investor. This Debenture matures on July 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On August 16, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $448,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $400,000 to the Investor. The Debenture matures on August 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  On September 15, 2016, the Company entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of $392,000 in principal amount of a Debenture for an aggregate purchase price of $350,000 to the Investor. The Debenture matures on September 1, 2017, and does not bear interest but has an effective interest rate of 12% per annum.   
     
  Proceeds received from the Debentures sold in 2016 were approximately $3,198,000, net of related costs of approximately $69,000 and original issue discounts of $392,000 respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Debt issuance costs will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the Debentures sold in 2016. No warrants were issued in connection with the Debentures issued in 2016.  
     
  Principal and accrued interest amounts under the Debentures are convertible at the option of the Investor at any time into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion price (as may be adjusted, the  Conversion Price ) of $2.00 per share, subject to certain ownership limitations and adjustment provisions. The Conversion Price is subject to reduction to an amount equal to 90% of the effective price per share of securities issued by the Company (i) in a registered offering of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Company s common stock (collectively  Common Stock Equivalents ) or (ii) in any other financing or series of financings of the Company s common stock or Common Stock Equivalents with gross proceeds of $4,000,000 or more (each, a  Triggering Event ). Beginning six months after the original issue date for each Debenture, the Company has the option, subject to certain conditions, to redeem some or all of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture for cash in an amount equal to the sum of (i) 120% of the then outstanding principal amount of such Debenture, (ii) accrued but unpaid interest and (iii) any liquidated damages and other amounts due in respect of such Debenture.  

43

Pursuant to the terms of the Debentures, the Company has agreed to certain negative covenants, including not to incur or repay any other indebtedness, for so long as any portion of the Debenture remains outstanding.  
     
  Each of the Investor Warrants is exercisable for a period of five years from the original issue date of each Investor Warrant, at an initial exercise price of $2.40 per share (the  Investor Warrant Exercise Price ). In addition to customary adjustments for stock splits and the like, if a Triggering Event occurs, the Investor Warrant Exercise Price is subject to reduction to the Conversion Price applicable as a result of such Triggering Event, in which event the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Investor Warrants would be increased such that the aggregate Investor Warrant Exercise Price payable under the Investor Warrants, after taking into account the decrease in the Investor Warrant Exercise Price, would be equal to the aggregate Investor Warrant Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. If at any time after the six month anniversary of the original issue date for each Investor Warrant there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrant, then such Investor Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time on a  cashless exercise  basis.  
     
  The Company s obligations under the Debentures are secured by a lien on all of the Company s assets, including a pledge of the securities of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of a security agreement entered into as of June 30, 2015 between the Company and the Investor.  
     
  Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements dated June 30, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Investor received a right of first refusal to purchase up to 100% of the securities offered by the Company in future private placement offerings through November 30, 2016. In addition, from the original issue date for each Debenture and Investor Warrant until the 12-month anniversary of the date the Company s common stock is listed on Nasdaq or NYSE MKT, the Investor may, in its sole determination, elect to purchase, in one or more purchases, additional debentures with an aggregate subscription amount of up to $4,000,000, and Investor Warrants to purchase that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the original principal amount of such additional debentures divided by $2.00. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company agreed (i) for a period of 180 days following the closing date for each Securities Purchase Agreement , not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock, and (ii) until such time as the Debentures and Investor Warrants are no longer outstanding, not to issue any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock at an effective per share purchase price of less than $2.40 (subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like), provided that after the time that the related Debentures are no longer outstanding, the Company may receive a waiver from such restriction by paying the Investor an amount in cash equal to 15% of the purchase price paid by the Investor for the related Debentures. If at any time during the period beginning on the six-month anniversary of the closing date for each Securities Purchase Agreement and ending at such time as all of the shares of common stock underlying the related Debentures and Investor Warrants can be sold without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if the Company either (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirements contained in Rule 144 or (ii) shall have ever been, or become, an issuer described in section (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144, then the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Investor an amount in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to 2% of the purchase price paid by the Investor for the Debenture per month until the applicable event giving right to such payments is cured (or the Investor is nonetheless able to transfer the Securities pursuant to Rule 144).  
      
  On the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, the Investor entered into a lock-up agreement (the  Investor Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which it agreed, subject to certain exceptions and conditions, not to sell any of the Securities for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date, (ii) the date on which the Company notifies the Investor of its intention to redeem some or all of the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture pursuant to the terms thereof or (iii) a trading day on or after the nine-month anniversary of the Effective Date on which either: (x) the aggregate dollar trading volume of the Company s common stock since the Effective Date equals or exceeds $10,000,000 (provided that since the Effective Date, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock has been equal to or exceeded $4.00 for a period of 30 consecutive trading days) or (y) the closing bid price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $8.00 for a period of 30 consecutive trading days.  
     
  At the time of issuance, the Company determined that (i) the net share settlement (cashless exercise) provision on the Investor Warrants and (ii) the variable Debenture conversion price constituted derivative liabilities because the variable exercise price and variable Debenture conversion price features represented variable conversion features.  

44

Royalty Obligation   
       
  On June 25, 2014, The Company entered into a royalty purchase agreement (the  Royalty Obligation ) with a third party ( Purchaser ) as amended in May and June 2015. Under the terms of the amended Royalty Obligation, the Company was advanced $1,750,000 by the Purchaser and in return, the Company agreed to pay the Purchaser a royalty amount equal to 3.09% of monthly revenue generated from products or services that incorporate any of the Company's intellectual property ("IP Revenue") including patents, copyrights and trademarks in perpetuity ("Royalty Payments"). No monthly Royalty Payments for any calendar month will be less than $36,458.   
     
  The monthly royalty payments were deferred from April 2015 through June 2016 and were due on July 1, 2016.  
     
  The Company did not make the July 1, 2016 royalty payment under its Royalty Obligation. The Company is negotiating an extension to the due date. Based on the Company s current financial condition, there can be no certainty that the Company will be successful in such negotiations or that the Company will be able to make the delinquent royalty payments and accordingly the outstanding royalty amount due under the Royalty Obligation has been presented as current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016, the amount outstanding under the Company s royalty obligation agreement was $1.75 million.   
           
   RELATED PARTY NOTES   
           
  Long-term notes due to related parties consist of the following:  

45

The following table provides information regarding annual required repayments under the notes payable, as amended, as of September 30, 2016:  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, nor do we have any interest in entities referred to as variable interest entities.  
     
   Impact of Inflation   
     
  We believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We cannot assure you that future inflation will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.  

Item 3.    
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk         
     
  Market risk represents the risk of loss that may result from the change in value of financial instruments due to fluctuations in market prices. Market risk is inherent in all financial instruments. Market risk may be exacerbated in times of trading illiquidity when market participants refrain from transacting in normal quantities and/or at normal bid-offer spreads. Our exposure to market risk is directly related to derivatives, debt and equity linked instruments related to our financing activities.   
     
  Our assets and liabilities are overwhelmingly denominated in U.S. dollars. We do not use foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments to manage changes in currency rates. We do not now, nor do we plan to, use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. However, these circumstances might change.      
     
  We do not hold or issue derivatives, derivative commodity instruments or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. Further, we do not believe our cash equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. Although we believe our cash equivalents and investment securities do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. All of our cash equivalents are recorded at fair value.  
     
  We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we might not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

46

Item 4.    
 
    Controls and Procedures        
     
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
       
  Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2016, in light of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016. See material weaknesses discussed below in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  
     
    Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
       
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 as of December 31, 2015.  
      
  Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
     
  A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  
     
  Our Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, because we continued to have the following material weaknesses:   

Did not maintain sufficient and competent personnel with an appropriate level of experience and training in the application of GAAP and SEC rules and regulations     

Did not have sufficient segregation of duties or compensating controls in the accounting and finance function due to limited personnel     

Did not maintain adequately designed internal controls in order to prevent or detect and correct material misstatements to the financial statements, including internal controls related to complex or nonroutine transactions     

Lacked documentation to support occurrences of monitoring processes and approval procedures, in order to demonstrate that internal controls were operating effectively     
     
  Management believes that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP.  
      
    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
     
  Other than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
     
    Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls    
     
  Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls.  

47

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.  
       
   PART II   

Item 1.    
 
    Legal Proceedings        
     
  For a description of material pending legal proceedings, see the discussion set forth under the heading  Litigation  in Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Item 1A.    
 
    Risk Factors        
     
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our 2015 Form 10-K. For additional information concerning our risk factors, please refer to  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our 2015 Form 10-K.  

Item 2.    
 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       
     
  None  

Item 3.    
 
    Defaults upon Senior Securities       
     
  None  

Item 4.    
 
    Mine Safety Disclosure       
     
  None  

Item 5.    
 
    Other Information       
     
  None    

Item 6.    
 
    Exhibits       
     
  A list of exhibits filed herewith is contained in the Exhibit Index that immediately precedes such exhibits and is incorporated by reference herein.  

48

SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

PFO GLOBAL, INC.    

By:   
 
  /s/ Matthew Cevasco   

Matthew Cevasco    

President and Chief Executive Officer     

By:   
 
  /s/ Mahesh Shetty   

Mahesh Shetty    

Chief Financial Officer     
     
  Date: November 14, 2016   

49

EXHIBIT INDEX   

2.1   
 
  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 2, 2015, by and between Energy Telecom, Inc. and Energy Telecom Reincorporation Sub., Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( Commission ) on June 26, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.    

2.2   
 
  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 30, 2015, by and between PFO Global, Inc., PFO Acquisition Corp., and Pro Fit Optix Holding Company, LLC, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.    

4.1   
 
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.      

10.1   
 
  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 8, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.     

10.2   
 
  Debenture, dated July 8, 2016, issued by PFO Global, Inc. to Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

10.3   
 
  Letter Agreement, dated July 8, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

10.4   
 
  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.     

10.5   
 
  Debenture, dated August 16, 2016, issued by PFO Global, Inc. to Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

10.6   
 
  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 15, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.     

10.7   
 
  Debenture, dated September 15, 2016, issued by PFO Global, Inc. to Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

10.8*   
 
  Consulting Agreement, dated October 10, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Brigitte Rousseau.    

10.9   
 
  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 17, 2016, by and between PFO Global, Inc. and Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

10.10   
 
  Debenture, dated October 17, 2016, issued by PFO Global, Inc. to Hillair Capital Investments, L.P., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.    

31.1*   
 
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

31.2*   
 
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     

32.1*   
 
  Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS*   
 
  XBRL Instance Document    

101.SCH*   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document    

101.CAL*   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document    

101.DEF*   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document    

101.LAB*   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document    

101.PRE*   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document     
     
  * Filed herewith.   
     
 50   

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ex10-8.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8
 
   ex10-8.htm 

Exhibit 10.8   
     
    CONSULTING   AGREEMENT    
     
  This Consulting Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is by and between PFO Global, Inc. (the   Company  ) and Brigitte Rousseau (the   Consultant  ) and is effective as of September 1, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ).  
     
  WHEREAS, the Consultant was employed by the Company;  
     
  WHEREAS, the Consultant s employment with the Company ended on August 31, 2016; and  
     
  WHEREAS, the Consultant and the Company wish to continue her association with the Company on the terms set forth in this Agreement;  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Consultant and the Company (collectively the   Parties   and each individually a   Party  ) agree as follows:  
     
  Section 1.      Term . The Consultant s independent contractor relationship with the Company under this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until February 28, 2017, subject to early termination as provided in  Section 4  hereof (  Term  ).  
     
  Section 2.      Relationship .  
     
  Section 2.1.      Services . During the Term, the Consultant shall provide such services as requested by the Company or the Board of Directors of the Company (  Board  ), which may include services for the Company or any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company, but which services shall not, unless Consultant and the Company agree otherwise in writing, exceed twenty (20) hours per week during the Term, save and except for any hours arising from or related to any litigation that is pending as of the Effective Date or any services arising from or related to any payroll tax withholding or other related tax items (collectively, the   Excluded Activities  ). To allow the Company to project-plan, the Consultant shall provide the Company with a list of the hours spent each week by the Consultant on the Services (defined below) by project no later than the week immediately following the week in which such hours were expended. Company and Consultant agree that Company will pay to Consultant $100.00 per hour for any hours worked by Consultant per this Agreement during the Term that are not for Excluded Activities that exceed 80 hours in any calendar month. Consultant acknowledges that the hours worked by Consultant in the month of September 2016 did not exceed 80. During the Term, the Consultant shall be reasonably available to answer any questions posed by the Company regarding the Consultant s former job duties and other matters about which Consultant has knowledge because of the Consultant s former employment position with the Company or any director or other position she may hold or have held with the Company or any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company. The Consultant shall use her best efforts to perform the services requested under this Agreement (  Services  ) and shall perform the Services in a workmanlike manner, in full compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and other laws and regulations and industry standards and in accordance with the Company s specifications, as they may be in effect from time to time.  

Section 2.2.      Time and   Effort . During the Term, the Consultant shall be available to perform any services requested or directed by the Company or the Board in accordance with the terms of  Section 2.1 . However, during the Term, the Consultant shall be able to engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which does not: (a) violate  Section 7  of this Agreement; or (b) interfere in any respect with the Consultant s performance of the Services.  
     
  Section 3.      Payment .  
     
  Section 3.1.  Consulting Fee . During the Term, the Company shall pay the Consultant a monthly fee in the amount of $12,330.00 (  C  onsulting Fee  ), which Consulting Fee shall be payable from the Effective Date and through the end of the Term on or before the 30 th  day of the month immediately following the month in which Consultant provided the Services. Consultant agrees that the Consulting Fee constitutes all compensation for the Services of the Consultant for the Company or any affiliate or subsidiary of the Company during the Term and also is sufficient compensation for the Consultant remaining available for questions during the Term as described in  Section 2.1  .  As the Consultant is an independent contractor, the Parties agree that the Consultant shall not be eligible for, and will not receive, any health or other benefits offered by the Company to its employees.  
     
  Section 3.2      Expenses . Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 3.2, any expenditures or commitments by the Consultant in anticipation of any requirements of the Company are at the Consultant s sole risk and expense. The Company shall not reimburse the Consultant for any expenses incurred by the Consultant in the performance of the Services or otherwise, unless the Company has approved in writing the reimbursement of the Consultant for such expenses. Any such approved expenses shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days after the Consultant presents the Company with documentation acceptable to the Company of such expenses and in accordance with the Company s travel and business expense reimbursement policies as they may exist and be amended from time to time.  
     
  Section 4.      Termination .  
     
  Section 4.1.      Definitions.   
     
  (a)       Cause   shall mean the termination by the Company of the Consultant s independent contractor relationship as a result of any of the following events or acts committed or occurring after the Effective Date: (i) a charge or indictment of the Consultant relating to a state or federal statutory or common law in connection with a crime involving moral turpitude, theft, embezzlement or fraud or any felony, which in the good faith judgment of the Board may or will adversely affect the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or the ability of the Consultant to perform the Services; (ii) a conviction of, or a pleading of no-contest by, the Consultant to any felony; (iii) the Consultant s dishonesty, fraud, unethical or illegal act, misappropriation or embezzlement in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates at any time or the Consultant s performance of the Services or which, in the good faith judgment of the Board, does (or could reasonably be likely to) damage the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or any of their reputations; (iv) the Consultant s material failure to perform the Consultant s Services for the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, which failure is not reasonably cured within fourteen (14) days following the Consultant s receipt of written notice of such failure from the Company; or (vii) a material breach of this Agreement or any other written agreement, signed by all of the parties thereto, between the Consultant and the Company or any of any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, which breach is not reasonably cured within fourteen (14) days following the Consultant s receipt of written notice of such breach from the Company, provided that such right to cure shall not be applicable in the event that the Consultant has received written notice of an identical breach on one or more occasions in the past or where such breach is not capable of being cured.  

(b)       Disability   shall mean the Consultant is incapacitated due to physical or mental illness and such incapacity, with or without reasonable accommodation, prevents the Consultant from performing the essential functions of the Services for at least 90 days in a calendar year, which days need not be contiguous. The determination of the essential functions and of Disability shall be made in good faith by the Company based upon information supplied by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers, and the Consultant shall cooperate fully with such physician, including, without limitation, in the scheduling of any appointments and such physician s examination of the Consultant.  
     
  (c)       Termination Date   shall mean: (i) in the case of the Consultant s death, the date of the Consultant s death; (ii) in the case of an expiration of the Term, the date the Term expires; or (ii) in the case of termination by the Company because of Disability or with or without Cause the date written notification is provided to Consultant of the termination of the Term.  
     
  Section 4.2.      Termination.   
     
  (a)     If the Term is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay to the Consultant the unpaid Consulting Fee accrued through the Termination Date (the   Accrued   Fees  ) in accordance with the provisions of  Section 3.1  in accordance with the provisions of  Section 3.1 .  
     
  (b)     Subject to the provisions of this  Section 4.2(b) , if the Term is terminated by the Company without Cause or as a result of the Consultant s death or Disability at any time during the Term, in addition to any Accrued Fees, the Company shall pay to the Consultant or, if applicable, to Consultant s estate or legal guardian, an early termination fee in the amount of the remaining amount of the Consulting Fee that would have been owed through February 28, 2017, if the Term had not been terminated by the Company (  Termination     Fee  ). Subject to the provisions of this  Section 4.2(b) , the Termination Fee shall be paid to the Consultant or, if applicable, to Consultant s estate or legal guardian, in one payment on the sixtieth (60 th ) day after the Termination Date. The Company s obligation to pay the Termination Fee is contingent upon the Consultant or, if applicable, Consultant s executor or legal guardian, signing and not revoking a release agreement, the terms of which shall be comparable to Sections 5.2, 7 and 10 of this Agreement, and providing such signed release to the Company no later than fifty (50) days after the Termination Date. If the Consultant or, if applicable, Consultant s executor or legal guardian, fails to execute such release within the period prescribed by the Company, or revokes such release or any portion thereof during any applicable revocation period, the Consultant     or, if applicable, Consultant s executor or legal guardian, shall forfeit the right to receive the Termination Fee.  

(c)      If the Term is terminated by the Company for Cause, by the Consultant, or as a result of the Term expiring, the Consultant shall be entitled solely to the Accrued Fees payable as stated in  Section 4.2(a) .  
     
  Section 5.  Prior Employment Release .  
     
  Section 5.1.  Release Payment . In consideration for the Company entering into this Agreement with the Consultant and provided that the Consultant signs this Agreement, provides this signed Agreement to the Company and does not revoke certain portions of this Agreement under  Section   7 , the Company will pay the Consultant the amount of $500.00, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, (  Release Payment  ) in one (1) payment in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, being made to the Consultant on the first regular payroll date following the thirty-fifth (35 th ) day after the Effective Date. The Parties agree that this Agreement was provided to the Consultant on August 31, 2016. The Consultant must sign this Agreement and provide this Agreement executed by the Consultant to the Company on or before October 7, 2016. If the Company receives this Agreement executed by the Consultant and the Consultant revokes certain portions of this Agreement, as specified in  Section   7 , the Company shall only pay to the Consultant 1% of the Release Payment (  Partial Release Payment  ), minus applicable withholdings and deductions, which Partial Release Payment shall be made within thirty-five days after the Effective Date. The Consultant agrees that either the Release Payment or the Partial Release Payment is sufficient consideration for the release contained in  Section   5.2  of this Agreement. The Parties agree that neither the Release Payment nor the Partial Release Payment was owed by the Company to the Consultant prior to the execution of this Agreement and is only owed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  

Section 5.2.      General Release and Waiver  .  In consideration of either the Release Payment or the Partial Release Payment   either of which the Consultant acknowledges is sufficient consideration for the release contained in this  Section   5  .  2    the Consultant, on the Consultant s own behalf and on behalf of the Consultant s agents, administrators, representatives, executors, successors, heirs, devisees and assigns (collectively, the   Releasing Parties  ) hereby fully releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges the Company, Pro Fit Optix, Inc. and all of any of their affiliates and any and all of any of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, agents, employees, consultants, independent contractors, attorneys, advisers, successors and assigns (collectively, the   Released Parties  ), jointly and severally, from any and all claims, rights, demands, debts, obligations, losses, causes of action, suits, controversies, setoffs, affirmative defenses, counterclaims, third party actions, damages, penalties, costs, expenses, attorneys  fees, liabilities and indemnities of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, the   Claims  ), whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, accrued or unaccrued, whether at law, equity, administrative, statutory or otherwise, and whether for injunctive relief, back pay, fringe benefits, reinstatement, reemployment, or compensatory, punitive or any other kind of damages, which any of the Releasing Parties ever have had in the past or presently have against any of the Released Parties, and each of them, arising from or relating to the Employment Agreement entered into by the Consultant and Pro Fit Optix, Inc. on September 6, 2011, the Consultant s employment with any of the Released Parties, any prior employment or other position held by the Consultant with any of the Released Parties, or any circumstances related thereto, or any other matter, cause or thing whatsoever, including without limitation all claims arising under or relating to any actions of any of the Released Parties, employment contracts, employee benefits or purported employment discrimination or violations of civil rights of whatever kind or nature, including without limitation all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VII of the United States Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.   1981, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and/or 1871, the Texas Labor Code, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, the Texas Payday Law, the Fair Labor Standards Act, or any other applicable federal, state or local statute, law or ordinance, all as amended, including, without limitation, any workers  compensation or disability claims under any such laws, claims for wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract or implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, breach of fiduciary duties and any other claims arising under state, federal or local law, including, but not limited to intentional infliction of emotional distress, as well as any expenses, costs or attorneys  fees. The Consultant further agrees that the Consultant will not file or permit to be filed on the Consultant s behalf any such claim. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or any other provision of this Agreement, this release is not intended to interfere with the Consultant s right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the   EEOC  ) or any state or local human rights commission or participate in any governmental proceeding in connection with any claim the Consultant believes the Consultant may have against any of the Released Parties. However, by executing this Agreement, the Consultant hereby waives the right to recover in any proceeding the Consultant may bring before the EEOC or any state or local human rights commission or in any proceeding brought by the EEOC or any state or local human rights commission on the Consultant s behalf. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this release shall not apply to any of the Company s obligations under this Agreement. The Consultant acknowledges that certain of the payments and benefits provided for in  Section   5.1  of this Agreement constitute good and valuable consideration for the release contained in this  Section   5.2 . This Agreement shall not in any way be construed as an admission by either Party of any acts of wrongdoing, violation of any statute, law or legal or contractual right.  

Section 6.      Restrictive Covenants .  
     
  Section 6.1.      Confidentiality . During the Consultant s independent contractor relationship with the Company, the Company agrees to provide the Consultant with Confidential Information (defined below) to which the Consultant has not previously had access. For purposes of this Agreement   Confidential Information   includes trade secrets or confidential information of the Company, including, without limitation: current or prospective client, referral source, business partner, investor and/or vendor identity, contact, preferences, upcoming needs, lists, databases and/or other information and/or history; contracts; processes; technical data; pricing, costs, marketing, sales, business, and/or other strategies, plans, studies or practices; designs; testing results; business and/or financial information; management methods and/or information; any original works of authorship by the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries; or other business information disclosed to the Consultant by the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries prior to or after the Effective Date, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by drawings or observation and including, without limitation, any of the information described in this sentence relating to the Company, Pro Fit Optix, Inc. or any of either of their affiliates or subsidiaries, whether obtained by, or provided to, the Consultant prior to or after the Effective Date. The Consultant understands and agrees that the Company is not required to provide the Consultant with all of the types of Confidential Information listed in the preceding sentence, but that the Company will provide the Consultant with access to some of these types of Confidential Information in a manner and at a time in the Company s sole discretion. In exchange for the Company s promise to provide the Consultant with Confidential Information, the Consultant shall not, during the Term or at any time thereafter, take, disclose, publish, use, exploit, or solicit, allow or assist another Person to use, take, disclose, publish or exploit any Confidential Information, except as: (a) required in the ordinary course of the Company s business directly related to the Consultant s provision of the Services and for the benefit of the Company; or (b) required by law. The Consultant represents that the Consultant s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and the Consultant s Services for the Company do not, and will not, breach any agreement with any third party. The Consultant will not, and acknowledges that the Company has specifically instructed the Consultant not to, disclose to the Company, use, or induce the Company to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any third party. The Consultant also will not use any third party s confidential or proprietary information in the performance of the Consultant s Services, except as expressly authorized by such third party in writing. Additionally, during the Consultant s independent contractor relationship, the Company or the Consultant through the provision of the Services may receive from third parties their confidential information, including without limitation nonpublic personal and financial information, including, but not limited to, credit and/or debit card information. The Consultant agrees to hold all such confidential information in the strictest confidence and not to take, use, publish, exploit or disclose it to any Person, except as necessary in the course of the Consultant s provision of the Services and in accordance with any use agreement between the Company and such third party. Furthermore, upon the termination of the Consultant s independent contractor relationship with the Company for any reason, the Consultant shall continue to comply with the nondisclosure requirements of this  Section 6.  1  and shall immediately return and deliver to the Company any and all Confidential Information and all other Company documents and items   whether in hard or digital form   and all copies thereof which belong to the Company or relate to the Company s business or the business of any of the Company s affiliates or subsidiaries and which are in the Consultant s possession, custody or control, whether prepared by the Consultant or others. The Consultant further agrees that, after the Consultant provides a copy of such information or documents to the Company, the Consultant will immediately delete and write over any information or documents relating to the business of the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries from any computer, cellular phone or other digital or electronic device owned by the Consultant and, upon request by the Company, provide to the Company a sworn certificate of the destruction required by this  Section   6  .1 .   

Section 6.2.      Non-Compete . The Consultant recognizes and agrees that: (i) the Company has devoted a considerable amount of time, effort, and expense to develop its Confidential Information and business goodwill; (ii) the Confidential Information and the Company s business goodwill are valuable assets to the Company and give the Company a competitive advantage over others who do not have this information; and (iii) any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s Confidential Information and/or damage to the Company s business goodwill would cause irreparable harm to the Company for which there is no adequate remedy at law. For these reasons, the Consultant agrees to enter into the following restrictive covenants to protect the Company s Confidential Information and business goodwill. The Consultant, either in her individual capacity or as a principal, director, officer, partner, manager, contractor, employee, lender, investor, volunteer or in any other manner or capacity whatsoever, shall not, directly or indirectly:  
     
  (a)      During the Term and for the one-year period beginning on the Termination Date (  Noncompetition Period  ), become employed by, invest in, finance, advise, endorse, perform services for, or otherwise engage in any capacity with a business or enterprise   other than the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries   that provides the same or similar services and products as the Company or any of the Company s subsidiaries or affiliates, which includes, without limitation, the development, manufacture, marketing and/or selling of lenses and/or eyewear and/or related goods and services, any goods or services that are the same or substantially the same as the goods and/or services provided by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and any other line of business in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates becomes involved or takes steps to become involved during the Term, provided that the Consultant has knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates becoming involved in such other line of business or any of the steps taken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to become involved in such other line of business (a   Competing Business   or   Business  ) in the Restricted Area (defined below). Nothing in this  Section   6  .2(a)  prohibits the Consultant from owning in the aggregate not more than two percent (2%) of the outstanding equity of any publicly traded entity engaged in a Competing Business. The Consultant shall be deemed to be engaging in business in the Restricted Area if the Consultant on behalf or for the benefit of any Competing Business uses any electronic or digital device that is physically located in the Restricted Area to communicate with any Person, whether or not such other Person is physically located in the Restricted Area, or on behalf or for the benefit of any Competing Business, the Consultant uses any telecommunication device located outside the Restricted Area to communicate with any Person located in the Restricted Area;   
     
  (b)       Restricted Area   for purposes of this Agreement includes (i) any county, parish or similar political subdivision in which the Consultant performed any Services for Company during the Term; concerning which the Consultant received Company s Confidential Information regarding Company s business during the Term (e.g. the Company provided the Consultant with information about Company s plan to expand into such geographic area, Company provided the Consultant with confidential data about relevant market within the geographic area, etc.); (ii) Texas; and (iii) the United States of America. For purposes of this  Section   6 , the term   Person   means any individual or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity of any kind.  

Section 6.3.      Non-Solicit .  
          
  (a)     During the Consultant s independent contractor relationship     with the Company and during the Noncompetition Period, the Consultant shall not, and shall cause the Consultant s agents or affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, call-on, solicit business from or induce to do business (other than for the Company during the Consultant s independent contractor relationship     with the Company and for the benefit of the Company) or interfere with the relationship between the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and any customer or other business relation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or attempt to solicit business from or induce or interfere with the relationship between the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and any customer or other business relation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates which either: (i) the Consultant contacted, called on, serviced, did business with or had contact with during the Consultant s employment or independent contractor relationship     with the Company either before or after the Effective Date; or (ii) the Consultant learned of or obtained the Company s Confidential Information about during the Consultant s employment or independent contractor relationship     with the Company either before or after the Effective Date. The restriction in the immediately preceding sentence applies only to soliciting business for or inducing the customer or other business relation for a business or enterprise that is engaged in a Competing Business. Additionally, the Consultant agrees that, among other actions, any notification, update or other communication to any customer or other business relation of the Consultant s relationship or status with any Competing Business   whether such notification or update is through LinkedIn, Facebook, any other social media outlet, email, letter or by any other method   constitutes a solicitation of business from, and an attempt to induce, such customer or other business relation.  
     
  (b)     During the Noncompetition Period, the Consultant shall not, and shall cause the Consultant s agents and affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, call-on, solicit, or induce to leave the employ or service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or attempt to solicit or induce, or hire or contract with, or participate in the hiring or contracting with, any employee or contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates who within the twelve (12) months immediately prior to such calling-on, solicitation, inducement or hiring or contracting was an employee or contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.  
     
  Section 6.4.      Non-Disparagement . The Consultant shall not engage in any conduct, or make any statements or representations that disparage, libel, defame, demean, or impugn the Company, Pro Fit Optix, Inc. or any of either of their affiliates or subsidiaries, or any of any of their directors, officers, members, equity holders, employees, consultants, agents or representatives (collectively   Company Affiliates  ) to any third party, including without limitation any statements impugning, disparaging, libeling, defaming or demeaning any of the Company Affiliates  financial results, financial controls, accounting, products, business, services or personal or professional character. However, nothing in this  Section   6  .4  shall prohibit the Consultant from providing truthful testimony, providing truthful information as legally required to do so, or participating in any governmental proceeding.  

Section 6.5.      Reasonable Provisions . The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this  Section   6  are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Therefore, the Consultant agrees that the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order and injunctive relief, restraining the Consultant from the commission of any breach of  Section   6  and to recover the Company s and any of its subsidiaries  or affiliates  attorneys  fees, witness fees, costs and expenses related to any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement or any action or proceeding brought relating to this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates from pursuing any other remedies available to it for any breach or threatened breach or in any other action or proceeding brought relating to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the recovery of money damages.   The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Consultant against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates of  Section   6  of this Agreement. If the Consultant is determined to have violated any of the restrictions contained in  Section   6.2 or 6.3  ,  the Non-Competition Period will be suspended and will not run in favor of the Consultant until such time that the Consultant cures the violation. If the Consultant, in the future, seeks or is offered employment or any other position or capacity with a Competing Business, the Consultant agrees to inform the Competing Business, before accepting employment or any other position, of the existence of the restrictions in  Sections   6.1  and, if during the Noncompetition Period,  Sections   6.2 and 6.  3.  Further, before taking any employment or other position with any Competing Business during the Non-Competition Period, the Consultant agrees to give prior written notice to the Company of the name of such Competing Business. The Company shall be entitled to advise such Competing Business of the provisions of  Sections   6.1, 6.2 and 6.3  and to otherwise deal with such Competing Business to ensure that the provisions of  Sections   6.1, 6.2 and 6.3  are enforced and duly discharged.  
     
  Section 6.6.      Reformation . If any of the provisions contained in this  Section   6  shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, scope, activity or subject, then such provision shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable law or the determination by a court of competent jurisdiction.  
     
  Section 6.7.      Survival . The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this  Section   6  and the Consultant s obligations hereunder shall survive the termination of the Term under this Agreement.  
     
  Section 7.      Knowing   and   Voluntary Waiver.  The Consultant, by the Consultant s free and voluntary act of signing below, acknowledges that (a) the Consultant has been given a period of twenty-one (21) days (  Review Period  ) to consider whether to agree to the terms contained herein, (b) the Consultant has been advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement, (c) the Consultant understands that this Agreement specifically releases and waives all rights and claims the Consultant may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act prior to the date on which the Consultant signs this Agreement, (d) the Consultant has had an opportunity to review all aspects of this Agreement, and that the Consultant fully understands all the provisions of the Agreement and is voluntarily entering into this Agreement; and (e) the Consultant agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and intends to be legally bound thereby. The Consultant and the Company agree that any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the running of the Review Period.  

This Agreement will become effective, enforceable and irrevocable as to the Consultant s release of any claims the Consultant may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act on the eighth day after the date on which it is executed by the Consultant (  Release Effective Date  ). During the seven-day period prior to the Release Effective Date, the Consultant may revoke the Consultant s agreement to release any claims the Consultant may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and any amendments thereto, by indicating in writing to the Company the Consultant s intention to revoke, in accordance with the provisions of  Section 8 . If the Consultant exercises the Consultant s right to revoke hereunder, the Consultant shall forfeit the Consultant s right to receive the Release Payment provided for in  Section 5.1  ,  except for the Partial Release Payment, and to the extent such payments or benefits have already been made, the Consultant agrees that the Consultant will reimburse the Company for the amounts of such payments and benefits within fourteen (14) days of the Consultant exercising the Consultant s right to revoke hereunder.  
     
  Section 8.        Notices  .  All notices and other communications hereunder will be in writing. Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be deemed duly given if it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth:  
     
  If to the Consultant:  
     
  Brigitte Rousseau  
  2812 Stratford Lane  
  Flower Mound, TX 75028  
  Email: brigitterousseau@aol.com  
     
  If to the Company:  
     
  PFO Global, Inc.  
  c/o Mahesh Shetty  
  14401 W. Beltwood Pkwy., Suite 115  
  Farmers Branch, Texas 75244  
  Email: mShetty@pfoglobal.com  
     
  with a copy to:  
     
  Haynes and Boone, LLP  
  301 Commerce Street, Suite 2600  
  Fort Worth, Texas 76102  
  Attention: Karen C. Denney  
  Email: karen.denney@haynesboone.com   
  Facsimile: (817) 348-2327  
     
  Any Party may send any notice or other communication hereunder to the intended recipient at the address set forth using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger services, fax, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is actually received by the intended recipient. Any Party may change the address to which notices and other communications are to be delivered by giving the other party notice.  

Section 9.      Proprietary Rights .   Materials   means all ideas, inventions, works of authorship, concepts, processes, formulas, data, computer programs, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques related to the Business or any current or planned line of business of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that are authored, conceived, or reduced to practice by the Consultant, either alone or jointly with others, during the Term.   Intellectual Property Rights   means patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and moral rights. All Intellectual Property Rights in Materials shall be and shall remain owned by Company and shall be Confidential Information. To the extent applicable, the Materials are to be considered works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.   101). The Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and shall be deemed to have assigned to Company all of the Consultant s right, title and interest in and to any and all Materials, including any related Intellectual Property Rights, whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes. The Consultant recognizes that this Agreement does not require assignment of any Materials (i) developed entirely on the Consultant s own time; and                 (ii) developed without equipment, supplies, facility, trade secrets, or proprietary information of Company. The Consultant will promptly and fully disclose to Company any and all Materials at the time such Materials are first reduced to practice or first fixed in a tangible form. The Consultant will, at Company s expense, assist Company to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to Materials. The Consultant will execute, verify and deliver documents and perform other acts as Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Intellectual Property Rights and the assignment thereof. All inventions and works of authorship, if any, patented or unpatented, registered or unregistered, that the Consultant made prior to the Effective Date that are not owned by Company are listed on an attachment hereto (hereafter referred to as the   Prior Materials  ). If no such list is attached, the Consultant represents that the Consultant does not own or possess any Prior Materials. The Consultant shall not use any Prior Materials in any manner in connection with the Business. If the Consultant incorporates Prior Materials owned by the Consultant, or in which the Consultant has an interest, into any Materials, Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, sublicensable (directly or indirectly) license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, have sold, copy, distribute, create derivative works, display, perform, and transmit such Prior Materials.  
     
  Section 10.        Miscellaneous .  
     
  Section 10.1.      Independence  ,   Severability and Non-Exclusivity . Each of the rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement shall be independent of the others and shall be severally enforceable and all such rights and remedies shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other rights and remedies available to the Company, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries under the law or in equity. Subject to the provisions of  Section   6  .6 , if any of the provisions contained in this Agreement, including without limitation, the rights and remedies enumerated herein, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, or rights or remedies, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions.  

Section 10.2.      Governing Law and Exclusive Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its or any other state s or jurisdiction s conflicts of law doctrine. The Parties specifically waive any the application of any and all conflicts of law provisions of the State of Texas and any other state or other jurisdiction. The Parties agree that any disputes between them may be heard only in the state or federal courts located in Dallas County, Texas, and the Parties hereby consent to venue and jurisdiction in those courts, subject to any mandatory venue provisions of the State of Texas.  
     
  Section 10.3.      Entire Agreement/Amendments . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Parties and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings with respect to the prior employment or current independent contractor relationship between the Consultant by the Company or any of the Released Parties from and after the Effective Date, save and except for any confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-competition, non-disparagement or intellectual property assignment agreements or duties that may exist between the Parties. The Parties agree that any such confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-competition, non-disparagement or intellectual property assignment agreements or duties that may exist between the Parties are not superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by the Parties hereto. The Consultant represents and acknowledges that, in executing this Agreement, the Consultant did not rely, and has not relied, on any representation(s) by the Company or any of the Released Parties or any of their officers, directors, employees or representatives, except as expressly contained in this Agreement. Rather, the Consultant relied on the Consultant s own judgment.  
     
  Section 10.4.      No Waiver . The failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such Party s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement.  
     
  Section 10.5.      Assignment . This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Consultant. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company, in whole or in part, to a company which is a successor in interest to substantially all of the business operations of the Company, Pro Fit Optix, Inc. or any of either of their affiliates or subsidiaries. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such successor company,  provided that  any assignee expressly assumes the obligations, rights and privileges of this Agreement.  
     
  Section 10.6.      Successors; Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devises and legatees.  
     
  Section 10.7.    Independent Contractor Status . The Company and the Consultant acknowledge and agree that the Consultant is an independent contractor and not an employee of the Company. Any personnel furnished by the Consultant in the performance of the Services shall be the Consultant s employees or subcontractors and shall not for any purpose be considered the Company s employees. The Company will have no obligation whatsoever to provide any salaries, benefits or privileges of any kind or nature to the Consultant or the Consultant s employees or subcontractors, save and except for the payments provided for in  Sections 3   and 5  of this Agreement in accordance with terms of this Agreement.  

Section 10.8.       Taxes . The Parties agree that the Consultant is solely responsible for any and all taxes associated with any Consulting Fee or Termination Fee paid to the Consultant under this Agreement. The Parties agree that should Consultant fail to pay any taxes owed associated with the Consulting Fee or any Termination Fee paid to the Consultant, the Consultant will be solely responsible for the payment of any and all such taxes, penalties or other amounts or liabilities. The Consultant further agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company and its past, current and future predecessors, successors, divisions, parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, assigns, attorneys, officers, directors, employees, and all persons or entities acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them from and against any and all losses, damages, fines, penalties, liabilities, claims of liability, causes of action, costs, and expenses whatsoever, including, without limitation, attorneys  fees, amounts paid in settlement and losses arising from or related to taxes, costs, assessments, penalties, damages, fees, or interest arising from or relating to or because of any nonpayment of any taxes associated with any Consulting Fee or Termination Fee paid to the Consultant.  
     
  Section 10.9.      Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.  
     
  Section 10.10.  Survival . The obligations under  Sections 4  .2  , 5, 6,   7,   8, 9,   and   10    of  t his Agreement shall continue in effect after the termination of the Term, regardless of the reason(s) for termination.  
     
  Section 10.11.      Section 409A   of the Code . The Parties agree that this Agreement is intended to be interpreted and applied so that the applicable payments set forth herein shall either be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ), or shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A. In no event may the Consultant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement or otherwise which constitutes a  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, a termination of services or a termination of the independent contractor relationship shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that constitute  non-qualified deferred compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A unless such termination is also a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a  termination,   termination of service,   termination of the independent contractor relationship  or like terms shall mean  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, if the Consultant is deemed to be a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A, any payments or benefits due upon the Consultant s separation of service under any arrangement that constitutes a  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A (whether under this Agreement, any other plan, program, payroll practice or any equity grant) and which do not otherwise qualify under the exemptions under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1 (including without limitation, the short-term deferral exemption and the permitted payments under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)), shall be delayed and paid or provided to the Consultant in a lump sum (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) on the earlier of (x) the date which is six months and one day after the Consultant s separation from service for any reason other than death, and (y) the date of the Consultant s death, and any remaining payments and benefits shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for such payment or benefit.  

Section 10.12      Return of Company Property.    By signing this Agreement, Consultant warrants and represents that she has returned to the Company all Company property and other Company items in her possession, custody or control.  
     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.  

CONSULTANT:  
 
 PFO GLOBAL, INC.:   

Signature: /s/ Brigitte Rousseau                   
 
 Signature:  /s/ Matt Cevasco                          

Printed Name:         Brigitte Rousseau           
 
 Printed Name:         Matt Cevasco                   
 
 Date:         October 7, 2016                             
 Title:         President and CEO                          

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION   OF   PRINCIPAL     EXECUTIVE     OFFICER   
     
  I, Matthew G. Cevasco, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PFO Global, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016   
 
  By:    
 
  /s/ Matthew G. Cevasco           

Matthew G. Cevasco    

Chief Executive Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION   OF   PRINCIPAL     FINANCIAL     OFFICER   
     
  I, Mahesh Shetty, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PFO Global, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Mahesh Shetty         

Mahesh Shetty   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT     TO     18   U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS   ADOPTED     PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION     906     OF     THE     SARBANES-OXLEY     ACT     OF     2002   
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of PFO Global, Inc. (the  Company ), the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge:  

(1)   
 
  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and     

(2)   
 
  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Matthew G. Cevasco          

Matthew G. Cevasco   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Mahesh Shetty         

Mahesh Shetty   

Chief Financial Officer    

The foregoing     certification     is     furnished as     an     exhibit to the Report     and     will   not     be   deemed      filed  for purposes   of     Section     18   of   the     Securities     Exchange     Act     of     1934,   as     amended, and     will not   be   deemed     to   be   incorporated     by   reference     into   any   filing under     the     Securities     Act   of   1933,     as   amended,   or   the     Securities     Exchange     Act   of     1934,     as   amended,     whether     made     before   or   after     the     date     hereof,     regardless     of     any   general incorporation     language in such filing.     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pfgb-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pfgb-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pfgb-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pfgb-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pfgb-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pfgb-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

