<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1090009_0001206774-16-007449_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7863400</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122742</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>360082</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2429551</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3544934</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1237415</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007449.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031121622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007449
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001090009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				582459561
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27719
		FILM NUMBER:		161960776

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 VERDAE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8646799000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 VERDAE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREENVILLE FIRST BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007449.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 southern3156391-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Table of Contents    
   UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C. 20549    
   FORM 10-Q    

Southern First Bancshares,
Inc.     (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)   
  
    864-679-9000     (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)     Not Applicable     (Former name,
former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)
  
  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
      No  
  
  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if
any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes       No    
  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act.   

Large
      accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
      filer  

Non-accelerated
      filer  
        (Do not check
      if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
      Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes   No     
  Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date: 6,382,666 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
were issued and outstanding as of October 25, 2016.   

Table of Contents    
    SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY        September 30, 2016
Form 10-Q    
   INDEX    

PART I   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       Page    

Item
      1.        
       Consolidated Financial
      Statements   

Consolidated Balance
    Sheets   
       3    

Consolidated Statements of
      Income   
       4    

Consolidated Statements of
      Comprehensive Income   
       5    

Consolidated Statements of
      Shareholders  Equity   
       6    

Consolidated Statements of Cash
      Flows   
       7    

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated
      Financial Statements   
       8    

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and
      Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       26    

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative
      Disclosures about Market Risk   
       45    

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
       45    

PART II   OTHER
      INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
       45    

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
       45    

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity
      Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       45    

Item 3.   
       Defaults upon Senior
      Securities   
       45    

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       45    

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
       45    

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
       45     
  2  

Table of Contents    
       PART I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
INFORMATION Item 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     
 
  See notes to consolidated financial
statements that are an integral part of these consolidated
statements.  
  3  

Table of Contents    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME      (Unaudited)    
 
  See notes to consolidated financial
statements that are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
  
  4  

Table of Contents    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME      (Unaudited)    
 
  See notes to consolidated financial
statements that are an integral part of these consolidated
statements.  
  5  

Table of Contents    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY       FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015      (Unaudited)    
 
  See notes to consolidated financial
statements that are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
  
  6  

Table of Contents    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (Unaudited)   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial
statements that are an integral part of these consolidated statements.
  
  7  

Table of Contents    
      SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    
   NOTE 1   Nature of Business and
Basis of Presentation   
   Business
Activity      Southern First Bancshares,
Inc.     (the "Company") is a South Carolina
corporation that owns all of the capital stock of Southern First Bank (the
"Bank") and all of the stock of Greenville First Statutory Trust I and II
(collectively, the "Trusts"). The Trusts are special purpose non-consolidated
entities organized for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities.
The Bank's primary federal regulator is the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the "FDIC"). The Bank is also regulated and examined by the South
Carolina Board of Financial Institutions. The Bank is primarily engaged in the
business of accepting demand deposits and savings deposits insured by the FDIC,
and providing commercial, consumer and mortgage loans to the general public.
  
   Basis of
Presentation    The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the
instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all the information and footnotes required by accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for
the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the
consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2016. The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the
Bank. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810,  Consolidation,  the financial
statements related to the Trusts have not been consolidated.   
   Use of Estimates    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amount of income and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are
particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the
determination of the allowance for loan losses, real estate acquired in the
settlement of loans, fair value of financial instruments, evaluating
other-than-temporary-impairment of investment securities and valuation of
deferred tax assets.   
   Business
Segments    Beginning in 2016 the Company
reports its activities as three business segments   Commercial and Retail
Banking, Mortgage Banking and Corporate. In determining proper segment
definition, the Company considers the materiality of a potential segment and
components of the business about which financial information is available and
regularly evaluated, relative to a resource allocation and performance
assessment. The Company accounts for intersegment revenues and expenses as if
the revenue/expense transactions were generated to third parties, that is, at
current market prices. Please refer to  Note 7   Reportable Segments  for
further information on the reporting for the three business segments.
  
   Reclassifications    Certain amounts,
previously reported, have been reclassified to state all periods on a comparable
basis and had no effect on shareholders  equity or net income.   
   Subsequent
Events    Subsequent events are events or
transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial
statements are issued. Recognized subsequent events are events or transactions
that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the date of
the balance sheet, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing financial
statements. Non-recognized subsequent events are events that provide evidence
about conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose
after that date. Management performed an evaluation to determine whether there
have been any subsequent events since the balance sheet date and determined that
no subsequent events occurred requiring accrual or disclosure.  
  8  

Table of Contents    

   Initial Adoption of Fair Value
Option    In accordance with ASC 825-10  
   Financial Instruments   , the Company adopted the fair value option for mortgage loans
held for sale beginning on April 1, 2016. ASC 825-10 allows the Company to
measure eligible financial assets and liabilities at fair value that are not
otherwise required to be measured at fair value and to offset changes in the
fair values of derivative instruments and the related hedged item by selecting
the fair value option for the hedged item. Unrealized gains and losses on items
for which the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings at
each subsequent reporting date. Prior to adoption, mortgage loans held for sale
were carried at the lower of cost or fair value.   
   NOTE 2   Investment Securities
   
  The amortized costs and fair value of
investment securities are as follows:   
 
  During the first nine months of 2016,
approximately $33.5 million of investment securities were either sold or called,
subsequently resulting in a gain on sale of investment securities of
$431,000.  
  Contractual maturities and yields on
the Company s investment securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
are shown in the following table. Expected maturities may differ from
contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay
obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  
 
  9  

Table of Contents    

The tables below summarize gross
unrealized losses on investment securities and the fair market value of the
related securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, aggregated by
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position.   

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
eight individual investments with a fair market value of $9.3 million that were
in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and one individual
investment with a fair market value of $2.3 million that was in an unrealized
loss position for 12 months or longer. The unrealized losses were primarily
attributable to changes in interest rates, rather than deterioration in credit
quality. The individual securities are each investment grade securities. The
Company considers the length of time and extent to which the fair value of
available-for-sale debt securities have been less than cost to conclude that
such securities are not other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company also
considers other factors such as the financial condition of the issuer including
credit ratings and specific events affecting the operations of the issuer,
volatility of the security, underlying assets that collateralize the debt
security, and other industry and macroeconomic conditions. As the Company has no
intent to sell securities with unrealized losses and it is not
more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell these securities
before recovery of amortized cost, the Company has concluded that these
securities are not impaired on an other-than-temporary basis.   
  Other investments are comprised of the
following and are recorded at cost which approximates fair value.   
  
  10  

Table of Contents    
  The Company has evaluated the Federal
Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) stock for impairment and determined that the investment
in the FHLB stock is not other than temporarily impaired as of September 30,
2016 and ultimate recoverability of the par value of this investment is
probable. All of the FHLB stock is used to collateralize advances with the
FHLB.  
  At September 30, 2016, $20.9 million of
securities were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements from brokers,
and approximately $16.8 million of securities were pledged to secure client
deposits. At December 31, 2015, $21.3 million of securities were pledged as
collateral for repurchase agreements from brokers, and approximately $11.1
million of securities were pledged to secure client deposits.  
   NOTE 3   Mortgage Loans Held for
Sale    
  Mortgage loans originated and intended
for sale in the secondary market are reported as loans held for sale and carried
at fair value under the fair value option, which was adopted by the Company on
April 1, 2016, with changes in fair value recognized in current period earnings.
At the date of funding of the mortgage loan held for sale, the funded amount of
the loan, the related derivative asset or liability of the associated interest
rate lock commitment, less direct loan costs becomes the initial recorded
investment in the loan held for sale. Such amount approximates the fair value of
the loan. At September 30, 2016, mortgage loans held for sale totaled $9.1
million compared to $4.9 million at December 31, 2015.   
  Mortgage loans held for sale are
considered de-recognized, or sold, when the Company surrenders control over the
financial assets. Control is considered to have been surrendered when the
transferred assets have been isolated from the Company, beyond the reach of the
Company and its creditors; the purchaser obtains the right (free of conditions
that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the
transferred assets; and the Company does not maintain effective control over the
transferred assets through an agreement that both entitles and obligates the
Company to repurchase or redeem the transferred assets before their maturity or
the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return specific
assets.  
  Gains and losses from the sale of
mortgage loans are recognized based upon the difference between the sales
proceeds and carrying value of the related loans upon sale and are recorded in
mortgage banking income in the statement of income. Mortgage banking income also
includes the unrealized gains and losses associated with the loans held for sale
and the realized and unrealized gains and losses from derivatives.  
  Mortgage loans sold to investors by the
Company, and which were believed to have met investor and agency underwriting
guidelines at the time of sale, may be subject to repurchase or indemnification
in the event of specific default by the borrower or subsequent discovery that
underwriting standards were not met. The Company may, upon mutual agreement,
agree to repurchase the loans or indemnify the investor against future losses on
such loans. In such cases, the Company bears any subsequent credit loss on the
loans.  

  11   

Table of Contents    
   NOTE 4   Loans and Allowance for
Loan Losses    
  The following table summarizes the
composition of our loan portfolio. Total gross loans are recorded net of
deferred loan fees and costs, which totaled $1.9 million as of September 30,
2016 and $1.7 million as of December 31, 2015.  
  
   Maturities and Sensitivity of Loans
to Changes in Interest Rates    
  The information in the following tables
summarizes the loan maturity distribution by type and related interest rate
characteristics based on the contractual maturities of individual loans,
including loans which may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity.
Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as
modification of terms upon maturity. Actual repayments of loans may differ from
the maturities reflected below, because borrowers have the right to prepay
obligations with or without prepayment penalties.   
  
  12  

Table of Contents    
  
   Portfolio Segment
Methodology   
   Commercial   
 Commercial loans are assessed for
estimated losses by grading each loan using various risk factors identified
through periodic reviews. The Company applies historic grade-specific loss
factors to each loan class. In the development of statistically derived loan
grade loss factors, the Company observes historical losses over 20 quarters for
each loan grade. These loss estimates are adjusted as appropriate based on
additional analysis of external loss data or other risks identified from current
economic conditions and credit quality trends. The allowance also includes an
amount for the estimated impairment on nonaccrual commercial loans and
commercial loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ), whether on
accrual or nonaccrual status.   
   Consumer   
 For consumer loans, the Company
determines the allowance on a collective basis utilizing historical losses over
20 quarters to represent its best estimate of inherent loss. The Company pools
loans, generally by loan class with similar risk characteristics. The allowance
also includes an amount for the estimated impairment on nonaccrual consumer
loans and consumer loans modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual
status.  
   Credit Quality
Indicators   
   Commercial   
 The Company manages a consistent
process for assessing commercial loan credit quality by monitoring its loan
grading trends and past due statistics. All loans are subject to individual risk
assessment. The Company s risk categories include Pass, Special Mention,
Substandard, and Doubtful, each of which is defined by banking regulatory
agencies. Delinquency statistics are also an important indicator of credit
quality in the establishment of the Company s allowance for credit losses.
  
  13  

Table of Contents    
  The Company categorizes its loans into
risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of the borrower
to service their debt such as current financial information, historical payment
experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic
trends, among other factors. A description of the general characteristics of the
risk grades is as follows:  

Pass These loans range from
      minimal credit risk to average however still acceptable credit
      risk.      

Special mention A special mention
      loan has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.
      If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in
      deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or the institution s
      credit position at some future date.      

Substandard A substandard loan is
      inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of
      the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must
      have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that may jeopardize the
      liquidation of the debt. A substandard loan is characterized by the
      distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the
      deficiencies are not corrected.      

Doubtful A doubtful loan has all
      of the weaknesses inherent in one classified as substandard with the added
      characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full,
      on the basis of the currently existing facts, conditions and values,
      highly questionable and improbable.      
  The tables below provide a breakdown of
outstanding commercial loans by risk category.  
  
  The following tables provide past due
information for outstanding commercial loans and include loans on nonaccrual
status as well as accruing TDRs.  
  
  14  

Table of Contents    
  As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, loans 30 days or more past due represented 0.33% and 0.66% of the
Company s total loan portfolio, respectively. Commercial loans 30 days or more
past due were 0.19% and 0.60% of the Company s total loan portfolio as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
   Consumer   
 The Company manages a consistent
process for assessing consumer loan credit quality by monitoring its loan
grading trends and past due statistics. All loans are subject to individual risk
assessment. The Company s categories include Pass, Special Mention, Substandard,
and Doubtful, which are defined above. Delinquency statistics are also an
important indicator of credit quality in the establishment of the allowance for
loan losses.   
  The tables below provide a breakdown of
outstanding consumer loans by risk category.  
  
  The following tables provide past due
information for outstanding consumer loans and include loans on nonaccrual
status as well as accruing TDRs.  
  
  As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, consumer loans 30 days or more past due were 0.14% and 0.06% of total
loans, respectively.   
  15  

Table of Contents    
   Nonperforming assets    
  The following table shows the
nonperforming assets and the related percentage of nonperforming assets to total
assets and gross loans. Generally, a loan is placed on nonaccrual status when it
becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when the Company
believes, after considering economic and business conditions and collection
efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the
contractual principal or interest on the loan is doubtful. A payment of interest
on a loan that is classified as nonaccrual is recognized as a reduction in
principal when received.   
  Following is a summary of our
nonperforming assets, including nonaccruing TDRs.   
  
  16  

Table of Contents    
   Impaired Loans    
  The table below summarizes key
information for impaired loans. The Company s impaired loans include loans on
nonaccrual status and loans modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual
status. These impaired loans may have estimated impairment which is included in
the allowance for loan losses. The Company s commercial and consumer impaired
loans are evaluated individually to determine the related allowance for loan
losses.   

17  

Table of Contents    
  The following table provides the
average recorded investment in impaired loans and the amount of interest income
recognized on impaired loans after impairment by portfolio segment and class.

Allowance for Loan
Losses   
  The allowance for loan loss is
management s estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The
allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have
occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses
are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility
of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to
the allowance. The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by
management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability
of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the
loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to
repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic
conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates
that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes
available.  
  The Company has an established process
to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses that assesses the
losses inherent in the portfolio. While the Company attributes portions of the
allowance to specific portfolio segments, the entire allowance is available to
absorb credit losses inherent in the total loan portfolio. The Company s process
involves procedures to appropriately consider the unique risk characteristics of
the commercial and consumer loan portfolio segments. For each portfolio segment,
impairment is measured individually for each impaired loan.
The Company s allowance levels are influenced by loan volume, loan grade or
delinquency status, historic loss experience and other economic conditions.
  
  18   

Table of Contents    

The following table summarizes the
activity related to the allowance for loan losses by commercial and consumer
portfolio segments:   
  
  The following table disaggregates the
allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans by impairment
methodology.   

NOTE 5   Troubled Debt
Restructurings    
  At September 30, 2016, the Company had
27 loans totaling $9.2 million compared to 29 loans totaling $8.0 million at
December 31, 2015, which were considered as TDRs. The Company considers a loan
to be a TDR when the debtor experiences financial difficulties and the Company
grants a concession to the debtor that it would not normally consider.
Concessions can relate to the contractual interest rate, maturity date, or
payment structure of the note. As part of the workout plan
for individual loan relationships, the Company may restructure loan terms to
assist borrowers facing financial challenges in the current economic
environment. To date, the Company has restored three commercial loans previously
classified as TDRs to accrual status.  

  19   

Table of Contents    

  The following table summarizes the
concession at the time of modification and the recorded investment in the
Company s TDRs before and after their modification during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
  
  As of September 30, 2016 there was one
loan with a recorded investment of $30,000 modified as a TDR for which there was
a payment default (60 days past due) within 12 months of the restructuring date.
There were no such loans as of September 30, 2015.   
   NOTE 6   Derivative Financial
Instruments    
  The Company utilizes derivative
financial instruments primarily to hedge its exposure to changes in interest
rates. All derivative financial instruments are recognized as either assets or
liabilities and measured at fair value. The Company accounts for all of its
derivatives as free-standing derivatives and does not designate any of these
instruments for hedge accounting. Therefore, the gain or loss resulting from the
change in the fair value of the derivative is recognized in the Company s
statement of income during the period of change.   
  The Company enters into commitments to
originate residential mortgage loans held for sale, at specified interest rates
and within a specified period of time, with clients who have applied for a loan
and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria (interest rate lock
commitments). These interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ) meet the definition
of a derivative financial instrument and are reflected in the balance sheet at
fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current period earnings.
Unrealized gains and losses on the IRLCs are recorded as derivative assets and
derivative liabilities, respectively, and are measured based on the value of the
underlying mortgage loan, quoted mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) prices and
an estimate of the probability that the mortgage loan will fund within the terms
of the interest rate lock commitment, net of estimated commission
expenses.  
  The Company manages the interest rate
and price risk associated with its outstanding IRLCs and mortgage loans held for
sale by entering into derivative instruments such as forward sales of MBS.
Management expects these derivatives will experience changes in fair value
opposite to changes in fair value of the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale, thereby reducing
earnings volatility. The Company takes into account various factors and
strategies in determining the portion of the mortgage pipeline (IRLCs and
mortgage loans held for sale) it wants to economically hedge.  
  20   

Table of Contents    

  The following table summarizes the
Company s outstanding financial derivative instruments as of September 30, 2016.
Derivative financial instruments were not material at December 31, 2015.

NOTE 7   Fair Value Accounting
   
  FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement
and Disclosures,  defines fair value as the exchange price that would be
received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820
also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the
use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be
used to measure fair value:   
 
     Level 1   Quoted market price in active markets       Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities
include certain debt and equity securities that are traded in an active exchange
market.  
     Level
2   Significant other observable inputs   
   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income
securities and mortgage-backed securities that are held in the Company s
available-for-sale portfolio and valued by a third-party pricing service, as
well as certain impaired loans.   
     Level
3   Significant unobservable inputs   
   Unobservable inputs that are supported by
little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial
instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow
methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the
determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or
estimation. These methodologies may result in a significant portion of the fair
value being derived from unobservable data.  

Following is a description of valuation
methodologies used for assets recorded at fair value.   
   Investment Securities
   
 Securities available for sale are
valued on a recurring basis at quoted market prices where available. If quoted
market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices
of comparable securities. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active
exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange or U.S. Treasury securities that
are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money
market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities and
debentures issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and
corporate debt securities. In certain cases where there is limited activity or
less transparency around inputs to valuations, securities are classified as
Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Securities held to maturity are valued
at quoted market prices or dealer quotes similar to securities available for
sale. The carrying value of Other Investments, such as FHLB stock, approximates
fair value based on their redemption provisions.   
  21   

Table of Contents    
   Mortgage Loans Held for Sale
    Loans held for sale include mortgage
loans which are saleable into the secondary mortgage markets and their fair
values are estimated using observable quoted market or contracted prices or
market price equivalents, which would be used by other market participants.
These saleable loans are considered Level 2.   
   Loans     The Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring
basis. However, from time to time, a loan may be considered impaired and an
allowance for loan losses may be established. Loans for which it is probable
that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the
contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Once a loan is
identified as individually impaired, management measures the impairment in
accordance with FASB ASC 310,  Receivables.  The fair value of impaired loans is
estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, market value
of similar debt, enterprise value, liquidation value, and discounted cash flows.
Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the
fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded
investments in such loans. At September 30, 2016, a significant portion of the
impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. In
accordance with FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures,  impaired
loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral
require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the
collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value,
the Company considers the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. The Company s
current loan and appraisal policies require the Bank to obtain updated
appraisals on an  as is  basis at renewal, or in the case of an impaired loan,
on an annual basis, either through a new external appraisal or an appraisal
evaluation. When an appraised value is not available or management determines
the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value
and there is no observable market price, the Company considers the impaired loan
as nonrecurring Level 3. The fair value of impaired loans may also be estimated
using the present value of expected future cash flows to be realized on the
loan, which is also considered a Level 3 valuation. These fair value estimates
are subject to fluctuations in assumptions about the amount and timing of
expected cash flows as well as the choice of discount rate used in the present
value calculation.   
   Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO )
    OREO, consisting of properties obtained
through foreclosure or in satisfaction of loans, is reported at the lower of
cost or fair value, determined on the basis of current appraisals, comparable
sales, and other estimates of value obtained principally from independent
sources, adjusted for estimated selling costs (Level 2). At the time of
foreclosure, any excess of the loan balance over the fair value of the real
estate held as collateral is treated as a charge against the allowance for loan
losses. Gains or losses on sale and generally any subsequent adjustments to the
value are recorded as a component of real estate owned activity. When an
appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the
collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no
observable market price, the Company considers the OREO as nonrecurring Level 3.
  
   Derivative Financial Instruments
    The Company estimates the fair value of
IRLCs based on the value of the underlying mortgage loan, quoted MBS prices and
an estimate of the probability that the mortgage loan will fund within the terms
of the IRLC, net of commission expenses (Level 2). The Company estimates the
fair value of forward sales commitments based on quoted MBS prices (Level
2).  

  22   

Table of Contents    
   Assets and Liabilities Recorded at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis    
  The tables below present the recorded
amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
  
  The Company has no liabilities carried
at fair value or measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31,
2015.  
   Assets and Liabilities Recorded at
Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    
  The Company is predominantly an asset
based lender with real estate serving as collateral on more than 80% of loans as
of September 30, 2016. Loans which are deemed to be impaired are valued net of
the allowance for loan losses, and other real estate owned is valued at the
lower of cost or net realizable value of the underlying real estate collateral.
Such market values are generally obtained using independent appraisals, which
the Company considers to be level 2 inputs. The tables below present the
recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  
  The Company has no liabilities carried
at fair value or measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  23   

Table of Contents    
  For Level 3 assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of September 30,
2016, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements
were as follows:   

Valuation Technique   
           
       Significant Unobservable Inputs   
           
       Range of Inputs    

Impaired loans    
     
        Appraised Value/   Discounted Cash Flows    
      
      Discounts to appraisals or
      cash flows for estimated holding and/or selling costs or age of
      appraisal   

0-25%     

Other real estate owned

Appraised Value/ Comparable
      Sales    

Discounts to appraisals
      for estimated holding or selling costs  

0-25%
      
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments
   
  Financial instruments require
disclosure of fair value information, whether or not recognized in the
consolidated balance sheets, when it is practical to estimate the fair value. A
financial instrument is defined as cash, evidence of an ownership interest in an
entity or a contractual obligation which requires the exchange of cash. Certain
items are specifically excluded from the disclosure requirements, including the
Company s common stock, premises and equipment and other assets and liabilities.
  
  The following is a description of
valuation methodologies used to estimate fair value for certain other financial
instruments.   
  Fair value approximates carrying value
for the following financial instruments due to the short-term nature of the
instrument: cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, federal funds
purchased, and securities sold under agreement to repurchase.  
   Deposits      Fair value for demand deposit accounts and interest-bearing
accounts with no fixed maturity date is equal to the carrying value. The fair
value of certificate of deposit accounts are estimated by discounting cash flows
from expected maturities using current interest rates on similar instruments.
  
   FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings  
   Fair value for FHLB advances and other
borrowings are estimated by discounting cash flows from expected maturities
using current interest rates on similar instruments.   
   Junior subordinated
debentures      Fair value for junior
subordinated debentures are estimated by discounting cash flows from expected
maturities using current interest rates on similar instruments.   
  The Company has used management s best
estimate of fair value based on the above assumptions. Thus, the fair values
presented may not be the amounts that could be realized in an immediate sale or
settlement of the instrument. In addition, any income taxes or other expenses,
which would be incurred in an actual sale or settlement, are not taken into
consideration in the fair value presented.   
  The estimated fair values of the
Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are
as follows:   
  
  24   

Table of Contents    
  
   NOTE 8   Earnings Per Common Share
   
  The following schedule reconciles the
numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share
computations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015. Dilutive common shares arise from the potentially dilutive effect of the
Company s stock options that were outstanding at September 30, 2016. The assumed
conversion of stock options can create a difference between basic and dilutive
net income per common share. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were 108,457
and 88,000 options, respectively, that were not considered in computing diluted
earnings per common share because they were anti-dilutive.  
  
   NOTE 9   Reportable Segments
   
  The Company s reportable segments
represent the distinct product lines the Company offers and are viewed
separately for strategic planning purposes by management. The three segments
include Commercial and Retail Banking, Mortgage Banking, and Corporate. The
following schedule presents financial information for each reportable
segment.  
  
  25   

Table of Contents    
  
   Commercial and retail banking.    The Company s primary business is to provide
traditional deposit and lending products and services to its commercial and
retail banking clients.   
   Mortgage banking.    The mortgage banking segment provides mortgage loan
origination services for loans that will be sold in the secondary market to
investors.   
   Corporate.    Corporate is comprised primarily of compensation and benefits
for certain members of management and interest on parent company
debt.  
     Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.    
   The following discussion reviews our
results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015
and assesses our financial condition as of September 30, 2016 as compared to
December 31, 2015. You should read the following discussion and analysis in
conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the
related notes and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes
for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for that period. Results for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results for the year ending
December 31, 2016 or any future period.    
   CAUTIONARY WARNING REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
  This report, including information
included or incorporated by reference in this report, contains statements which
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Forward-looking statements may relate to our financial condition, results of
operations, plans, objectives, or future performance. These statements are based
on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any
forward-looking statements, as they will depend on many factors about which we
are unsure, including many factors which are beyond our control. The words
 may,   would,   could,   should,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   predict, 
 project,   potential,   believe,   continue,   assume,   intend,   plan,  and
 estimate,  as well as similar expressions, are meant to identify such
forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause
our actual results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those described under Item 1A- Risk
Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
as well as the following:  

Restrictions or conditions
      imposed by our regulators on our operations;   

Increases in competitive pressure
      in the banking and financial services industries;
     
  26   

Table of Contents    

Our ability to
      identify and retain individuals with experience and relationships in the
      markets in which we intend to expand, including our newly announced
      Raleigh, North Carolina market;   

The time and costs
      of evaluating new markets, hiring or retaining experienced local
      management, and opening new offices and the time lags between these
      activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support
      the costs of the expansion;   

Changes in access
      to funding or increased regulatory requirements with regard to
      funding;   

Changes in deposit
      flows;   

Credit losses as a
      result of declining real estate values, increasing interest rates,
      increasing unemployment, changes in payment behavior or other
      factors;   

Credit losses due
      to loan concentration;   

Changes in the
      amount of our loan portfolio collateralized by real estate and weaknesses
      in the real estate market;   

Our ability to
      attract and retain key personnel;   

Changes in the
      interest rate environment which could reduce anticipated or actual
      margins;   

Changes in
      political conditions or the legislative or regulatory environment,
      including governmental initiatives affecting the financial services
      industry;   

Changes in economic
      conditions resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit
      quality;   

Changes occurring
      in business conditions and inflation;   

Cybersecurity
      breaches, including potential business disruptions or financial
      losses;   

Changes in
      technology;   

The adequacy of the
      level of our allowance for loan losses and the amount of loan loss
      provisions required in future periods;   

Examinations by our
      regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory
      authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance
      for loan losses or write-down assets;   

Changes in monetary
      and tax policies;   

The rate of
      delinquencies and amounts of loans charged-off;   

The rate of loan
      growth in recent years and the lack of seasoning of a portion of our loan
      portfolio;   

Our ability to
      maintain appropriate levels of capital and to comply with our capital
      ratio requirements;   

Adverse changes in
      asset quality and resulting credit risk-related losses and
    expenses;   

Changes in
      accounting policies and practices; and    

Other risks and uncertainties
      detailed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, from time to time, in
      our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
           
  If any of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or if any of the assumptions underlying such forward-looking
statements proves to be incorrect, our results could differ materially from
those expressed in, implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements.
For information with respect to factors that could cause actual results to
differ from the expectations stated in the forward-looking statements, see  Risk
Factors  under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. We urge investors to consider all of these factors
carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We make these forward-looking statements as of
the date of this document and we do not intend, and assume no obligation, to
update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual
results could differ from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the
forward-looking statements.   
  27   

Table of Contents    
 
   OVERVIEW    
  Our business model continues to be
client-focused, utilizing relationship teams to provide our clients with a
specific banker contact and support team responsible for all of their banking
needs. The purpose of this structure is to provide a consistent and superior
level of professional service, and we believe it provides us with a distinct
competitive advantage. We consider exceptional client service to be a critical
part of our culture, which we refer to as "ClientFIRST."  
  At September 30, 2016, we had total
assets of $1.29 billion, a 6.0% increase from total assets of $1.22 billion at
December 31, 2015. The largest components of our total assets are net loans and
securities which were $1.10 billion and $73.6 million, respectively, at
September 30, 2016. Comparatively, our net loans and securities totaled $991.3
million and $95.5 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015. Our liabilities
and shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 totaled $1.18 billion and $106.0
million, respectively, compared to liabilities of $1.12 billion and
shareholders  equity of $94.2 million at December 31, 2015. The principal
component of our liabilities is deposits which were $1.05 billion and $985.7
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We received a
short-term client deposit of approximately $40 million in June 2016; however, a
majority of the deposit was withdrawn in early July 2016.  
  Like most community banks, we derive
the majority of our income from interest received on our loans and investments.
Our primary source of funds for making these loans and investments is our
deposits, on which we pay interest. Consequently, one of the key measures of our
success is our amount of net interest income, or the difference between the
income on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, and the
expense on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings.
Another key measure is the spread between the yield we earn on these
interest-earning assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities,
which is called our net interest spread. In addition to earning interest on our
loans and investments, we earn income through fees and other charges to our
clients.  
  Our net income to common shareholders
was $3.4 million and $2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, an increase of $706 thousand, or 25.9%. Diluted
earnings per share ( EPS ) was $0.51, for the third quarter of 2016 as compared
to $0.41 for the same period in 2015. The increase in net income resulted
primarily from increases in net interest income and noninterest income,
partially offset by an increase in noninterest and income tax
expenses.  
  Our net income to common shareholders
was $9.7 million and $7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, an increase of $2.4 million, or 33.2%. Diluted EPS was
$1.45 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.12 for the
same period in 2015. The increase in net income resulted primarily from
increases in net interest income and noninterest income, partially offset by an
increase in noninterest and income tax expenses.  
  Economic conditions, competition, and
the monetary and fiscal policies of the Federal government significantly affect
most financial institutions, including the Bank. Lending and deposit activities
and fee income generation are influenced by levels of business spending and
investment, consumer income, consumer spending and savings, capital market
activities, and competition among financial institutions, as well as customer
preferences, interest rate conditions and prevailing market rates on competing
products in our market areas.  
   RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS        
   Net Interest Income and Margin
    Our level of net interest income is
determined by the level of earning assets and the management of our net interest
margin. Our net interest income was $10.9 million for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016, a 10.6% increase over net interest income of $9.8
million for the same period in 2015. In comparison, our average earning assets
increased 10.6%, or $115.2 million, during the third quarter of 2016 compared to
the third quarter of 2015, while our interest-bearing liabilities increased by
$65.8 million during the same period. Our net interest income was $31.7 million
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, an 11.6% increase over net
interest income of $28.4 million for the same period in 2015. In comparison, our
average earning assets increased 12.5%, or $129.3 million, during the first nine
months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, while our
interest-bearing liabilities increased by $88.9 million during the same period.
The increase in average earning assets is primarily related to an increase in
average loans and investment securities, while the increase in average
interest-bearing liabilities is primarily a result of an increase in
interest-bearing deposits.   
  28   

Table of Contents    
  We have included a number of tables to
assist in our description of various measures of our financial performance. For
example, the  Average Balances, Income and Expenses, Yields and Rates  table
reflects the average balance of each category of our assets and liabilities as
well as the yield we earned or the rate we paid with respect to each category
during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. A
review of this table shows that our loans typically provide higher interest
yields than do other types of interest-earning assets, which is why we direct a
substantial percentage of our earning assets into our loan portfolio. Similarly,
the  Rate/Volume Analysis  table demonstrates the effect of changing interest
rates and changing volume of assets and liabilities on our financial condition
during the periods shown. We also track the sensitivity of our various
categories of assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates, and we have
included tables to illustrate our interest rate sensitivity with respect to
interest-earning accounts and interest-bearing accounts.   
  The following tables set forth
information related to our average balance sheets, average yields on assets, and
average costs of liabilities. We derived these yields by dividing income or
expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. We
derived average balances from the daily balances throughout the periods
indicated. During the same periods, we had no securities purchased with
agreements to resell. All investments owned have an original maturity of over
one year. Nonaccrual loans are included in the following tables. Loan yields
have been reduced to reflect the negative impact on our earnings of loans on
nonaccrual status. The net of capitalized loan costs and fees are amortized into
interest income on loans.   

(1)  
              
      Annualized for the three month period.   

(2)  
              
      The tax-equivalent adjustment to net interest income
      adjusts the yield for assets earning tax-exempt income to a comparable
      yield on a taxable basis.   

(3)  
              
      Includes mortgage loans held for
  sale.    
  Our net interest margin, on a
tax-equivalent basis, was 3.63% for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to 3.62% for the third quarter of 2015. While the yield on our
interest-earning assets decreased by three basis points, our net interest margin
increased by one basis point during the 2016 period as our interest-earning
assets grew by $115.2 million at an average rate of 4.30% compared to growth of
$65.8 million in interest-bearing liabilities at an average cost of
0.86%.  
  29   

Table of Contents    
  Our average interest-earning assets
increased by $115.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the same quarter in 2015, primarily related to an $119.2 million
increase in our average loan balances during the 2016 period. However, the yield
on our interest-earning assets decreased by three basis points driven by an
eight basis point decrease in our loan yield. The decline in yield on our loan
portfolio was driven primarily by loans being originated or renewed at market
rates which are lower than those in the past.  
  In addition, our average
interest-bearing liabilities increased by $65.8 million during the third quarter
of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015, while the cost of our
interest-bearing liabilities declined by two basis points during the same
period. The slight reduction in cost during the 2016 period resulted primarily
from a $58.7 million increase in our interest-bearing deposits which have a
lower cost than our other interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, the cost of
our other interest-bearing liabilities, of which 56% are at variable rates tied
to LIBOR, increased in relation to current market rates and trends.  
  Our net interest spread was 3.44% for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.45% for the same period
in 2015. The net interest spread is the difference between the yield we earn on
our interest-earning assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing
liabilities. The three basis point reduction in yield on our interest-earning
assets, slightly offset by the two basis point decrease in rate on our
interest-bearing liabilities, resulted in a one basis point decrease in our net
interest spread for the 2016 period.   

(1)  
               
      Annualized for the nine month
      period.   

(2)  
      
      The tax-equivalent adjustment to
      net interest income adjusts the yield for assets earning tax-exempt income
      to a comparable yield on a taxable basis.   

(3)  
      
      Includes mortgage loans held for
      sale.    
  30  

Table of Contents    
  Our net interest margin, on a
tax-equivalent basis, was 3.66% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to 3.69% for the first nine months of 2015. The decrease in net
interest margin for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period
in 2015 was driven primarily by a five basis point reduction in the yield on our
interest-earning assets.  
  Our average interest-earning assets
increased by $129.3 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the
2015 period due primarily to a $110.0 million increase in our average loan
balances for the 2016 period. However, the yield on our interest-earning assets
decreased by five basis points due primarily to a four basis point decrease in
our loan yield combined with a lower yield on our investment securities. The
decline in yield on our loan portfolio was driven primarily by loans being
originated or renewed at market rates which are lower than those in the
past.  
  In addition, our average
interest-bearing liabilities increased by $88.9 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015. Both the
cost of our interest-bearing liabilities and interest-bearing deposits remained
flat during the same period, despite the $89.4 million increase in our average
interest-bearing deposits. In addition, the cost of our other interest-bearing
liabilities, of which 56% are at variable rates tied to LIBOR, increased in relation to current market rates and trends.  
  
  Our net interest spread was 3.48% for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.53% for the same period
in 2015. The five basis point decrease in our net interest spread for the 2016
period was driven by the five basis point reduction in yield on our
interest-earning assets.   
   Rate/Volume Analysis    
 Net interest income can be analyzed in
terms of the impact of changing interest rates and changing volume. The
following table sets forth the effect which the varying levels of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the applicable
rates have had on changes in net interest income for the periods presented.

Net interest income, the largest
component of our income, was $10.9 million for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 and $9.8 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015, a $1.0 million, or 10.6%, increase during the third quarter of 2016. The
increase in net interest income is due to a $1.1 million increase in interest
income, partially offset by a $104,000 increase in interest expense. During the
third quarter of 2016, the primary driver of the increase in net interest income
was the $115.2 million increase in our average interest-earning assets as
compared to the third quarter of 2015.   
  31  

Table of Contents    
  
  Net interest income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $31.7 million compared to $28.4 million for the
first nine months ended September 30, 2015, a $3.3 million, or 11.6% increase
during the first nine months of 2016. The increase in net interest income is due
to a $3.9 million increase in interest income, offset in part by a $559,000
increase in interest expense. The $129.3 million increase in average earning
assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to nine
months ended September 30, 2015 was the primary driver of the increase in net
interest income during the 2016 period.   
   Provision for Loan
Losses    We have established an allowance
for loan losses through a provision for loan losses charged as an expense on our
consolidated statements of income. We review our loan portfolio periodically to
evaluate our outstanding loans and to measure both the performance of the
portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Please see the
discussion below under  Balance Sheet Review   Allowance for Loan Losses  for a
description of the factors we consider in determining the amount of the
provision we expense each period to maintain this allowance.   
  For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we incurred a noncash expense related to the provision for
loan losses of $825,000 and $2.0 million, respectively, which resulted in an
allowance for loan losses of $14.5 million, or 1.30% of gross loans, for the
2016 period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, our
provision for loan losses of $875,000 and $2.5 million, respectively, resulted
in an allowance for loan losses of $13.4 million, or 1.35% of gross loans, for
the 2015 period. During the past 12 months, our loan balances increased by
$120.9 million, while the amount of our nonperforming loans and classified loans
declined. Factors such as these are also considered in determining the amount of
loan loss provision necessary to maintain our allowance for loan losses at an
adequate level.   
  
  32  

Table of Contents    
  Noninterest income increased $893,000,
or 42.0%, for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
The increase in total noninterest income during this 2016 period resulted
primarily from the following:   

Mortgage banking income increased
      by $671,000, or 50.4%, driven primarily by a transition to mandatory
      delivery of mortgage loans to the secondary market in April 2016 (which
      traditionally results in a higher profit margin upon sale) combined with
      an increased volume of loans originated. In addition, we have added two
      mortgage originators to our mortgage team within the past 12 months which
      has contributed to the increased volume in mortgage loan originations.

Service fees on deposit accounts
      increased $39,000, or 17.0%, driven by increased non-sufficient funds
      ( NSF ) and overdraft fee income.     

Gain on sale of investment
      securities increased to $106,000 for the third quarter of 2016.

Other income increased $59,000,
      or 15.0%, driven by increased appraisal review fees, rental income, ATM
      and debit card exchange income, and wire transfer fees.
       
  Noninterest income increased $2.3
million, or 36.7%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase in total noninterest income during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted primarily from a $1.9 million
increase in mortgage banking income, a $56,000 increase in service fees on
deposit accounts, a $55,000 increase in income from bank owned life insurance, a
$134,000 increase in gain on sale of investment securities, and a $227,000
increase in other income which consists primarily of loan fee income from late
charges, line of credit fees, and appraisal review fees; ATM and debit card
transactions; wire transfer fees; and rent income from tenants at our Columbia,
South Carolina office.   
  In accordance with the requirement set
forth under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, in
June 2011, the Federal Reserve approved a final rule which caps an issuer's base
interchange fee at 21 cents per transaction and allows an additional 5 basis
point charge per transaction to help cover fraud losses. Although the rule does
not apply to institutions with less than $10 billion in assets, such as our
Bank, there is concern that the price controls may harm community banks, which
could be pressured by the marketplace to lower their own interchange rates. Our
ATM/Debit card fee income is included in other noninterest income and was
$220,000 and $201,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $641,000 and $573,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, the majority of which related to interchange fee
income.   
   Noninterest expenses
    The following table sets forth
information related to our noninterest expenses.   
  
  Noninterest expense was $7.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a $929,000, or 13.5%, increase
from noninterest expense of $6.9 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Significant fluctuations in noninterest expenses resulted from the
following:   

Compensation and benefits expense
      increased $635,000, or 14.7%, relating primarily to increases in base
      compensation, incentive compensation and benefits expenses. Base
      compensation increased by $1.0 million driven by the cost of 10 additional
      employees, four of which were hired in conjunction with the opening of our
      new office in Raleigh, North Carolina, with the remainder being hired to
      support our mortgage department as well as service our clients and support
      loan and deposit growth. Incentive compensation increased by $127,000,
      while benefits expense decreased by $79,000 during the 2016 period. The
      increase in incentive compensation related to the additional number of
      employees at September 30, 2016 while the decrease in benefits expenses
      was driven by a decrease in retirement expenses for the 2016
      period.      
  33  

Table of Contents    

Occupancy expenses increased by
      $63,000, or 7.5%, driven by increased rent expense as well as additional
      insurance and property tax expenses on the properties we own.

Data processing and related costs
      increased by $102,000, or 17.3%, driven by increased software licensing
      and maintenance costs as well as ATM/Debit card related expenses.

Professional fees increased by
      $146,000, or 81.1%, due to increased legal and accounting costs primarily
      related to the increased size of our institution as well as professional
      service fees related to our mortgage operations.     

Other noninterest expenses
      increased by $60,000, or 16.4%, driven by an increase in travel and
      entertainment expenses, collection expenses, and deposit account losses.
            
  Partially offsetting the increases in
noninterest expense was a decrease in real estate owned expenses of $67,000, or
45.3%, due primarily to a loss on sale of property during the 2015
period.  
  Our efficiency ratio was 56.1% for the
third quarter of 2016 compared to 57.4% for the same period in 2015. The
efficiency ratio represents the percentage of one dollar of expense required to
be incurred to earn a full dollar of revenue and is computed by dividing
noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest
income.  
  Noninterest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 increased 10.5%, or $2.2 million, as compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was driven primarily by the
$1.7 million increase in compensation and benefits expense which relates to the
10 additional employees during the 2016 period, as stated above. In addition,
noninterest expense also included increases of $246,000 in occupancy expense,
$169,000 in data processing and related costs, $218,000 in professional fees,
and $184,000 in other noninterest expenses. Partially offsetting the increases
in noninterest expense was a decrease of $278,000 in real estate owned expenses
during the first nine months of 2016.   
  We incurred income tax expense of $1.8
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.5
million during the same period in 2015. Income tax expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $5.5 million as compared to $4.0 million for the
same period of 2015. Our effective tax rate was 36.0% and 35.3% for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in the
effective tax rate during the 2016 period is primarily a result of the lesser
impact of tax-exempt income.  
   B    ALANCE     S    HEET     R    EVIEW        
   Investment Securities
    At September 30, 2016, the $73.6 million
in our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 5.7% of our
total assets.   Our available for sale investment
portfolio included US government agency securities, SBA securities, state and
political subdivisions, and mortgage-backed securities with   a fair value of $67.9 million and an amortized cost of $66.8
million resulting in an unrealized gain of $1.1 million. At December 31, 2015,
the $95.5 million in our investment securities portfolio represented
approximately 7.8% of our total assets. At December 31, 2015, we held investment
securities available for sale with a fair value and amortized cost of $89.9
million for an unrealized loss of $6,000.  
   Loans     Since loans typically provide higher interest yields than
other types of interest earning assets, a substantial percentage of our earning
assets are invested in our loan portfolio. Average loans, excluding mortgage
loans held for sale, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
$1.05 billion and $931.6 million, respectively. Before the allowance for loan
losses, total loans outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were
$1.11 billion and $1.00 billion, respectively.  
  34  

Table of Contents    
  The principal component of our loan
portfolio is loans secured by real estate mortgages. As of September 30, 2016,
our loan portfolio included $905.0 million, or 81.2%, of real estate loans. As
of December 31, 2015, real estate loans made up 81.4% of our loan portfolio and
totaled $818.1 million. Most of our real estate loans are secured by residential
or commercial property. We obtain a security interest in real estate, in
addition to any other available collateral. This collateral is taken to increase
the likelihood of the ultimate repayment of the loan. Generally, we limit the
loan-to-value ratio on loans to coincide with the appropriate regulatory
guidelines. We attempt to maintain a relatively diversified loan portfolio to
help reduce the risk inherent in concentration in certain types of collateral
and business types. We do not generally originate traditional long term
residential mortgages to hold in our loan portfolio, but we do issue traditional
second mortgage residential real estate loans and home equity lines of credit.
Home equity lines of credit totaled $132.6 million as of September 30, 2016, of
which approximately 37% were in a first lien position, while the remaining
balance was second liens, compared to $116.6 million as of December 31, 2015,
with approximately 33% in first lien positions and the remaining balance in
second liens. The average loan had a balance of approximately $91,000 and a loan
to value of 72% as of September 30, 2016, compared to an average loan balance of
$91,000 and a loan to value of approximately 70% as of December 31, 2015.
Further, 0.6% of our total home equity lines of credit were over 30 days past
due as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
  Following is a summary of our loan
composition at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. During the first nine
months of 2016, our loan portfolio increased by $109.2 million, or 10.9%. Our
commercial and consumer loan portfolios experienced similar growth during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 with a 10.6% increase in commercial loans
and an 11.3% increase in consumer loans during the period. Of the $109.2 million
in loan growth during the first nine months of 2016, $86.9 million of the
increase was in loans secured by real estate, and $19.7 million in commercial
business loans. Our consumer real estate portfolio includes high quality 1-4
family consumer real estate loans. Our average consumer real estate loan
currently has a principal balance of $336,000, compared to $309,000 at December
31, 2015, a term of nine years, and an average rate of 4.37% as of both
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

35  

Table of Contents    
   Nonperforming assets    
  Nonperforming assets include real
estate acquired through foreclosure or deed taken in lieu of foreclosure and
loans on nonaccrual status. Generally, a loan is placed on nonaccrual status
when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when we
believe, after considering economic and business conditions and collection
efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the
contractual principal or interest on the loan is doubtful. A payment of interest
on a loan that is classified as nonaccrual is recognized as a reduction in
principal when received. Our policy with respect to nonperforming loans requires
the borrower to make a minimum of six consecutive payments in accordance with
the loan terms and to show capacity to continue performing into the future
before that loan can be placed back on accrual status. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, we had no loans 90 days past due and still accruing.
  
  Following is a summary of our
nonperforming assets, including nonaccruing TDRs.   
  
  At September 30, 2016, nonperforming
assets were $7.5 million, or 0.58% of total assets and 0.67% of gross loans.
Comparatively, nonperforming assets were $9.1 million, or 0.75% of total assets
and 0.90% of gross loans at December 31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans were $5.6
million at September 30, 2016, a $1.0 million decrease from December 31, 2015.
During the first nine months of 2016, seven loans were put on nonaccrual status
and nine nonaccrual loans were either paid or charged-off. The amount of
foregone interest income on the nonaccrual loans in the first nine months of
2016 and 2015 was approximately $341,000 and $286,000, respectively.  
  Nonperforming assets include other real
estate owned which totaled $1.9 million at September 30, 2016, a $590,000
decrease from December 31, 2015. The balance at September 30, 2016 includes six
commercial properties totaling $1.5 million and three residential properties
totaling $364,000. All of these properties are located in the Upstate of South
Carolina and Georgia. We believe that these properties are appropriately valued
at the lower of cost or market as of September 30, 2016.  
  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
allowance for loan losses represented 258.3% and 186.0% of the total amount of
nonperforming loans, respectively. A significant portion, or 98%, of
nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016 is secured by real estate. Our
nonperforming loans have been written down to approximately 57% of their
original nonperforming balance. We have evaluated the underlying collateral on
these loans and believe that the collateral on these loans is sufficient to
minimize future losses. Based on the level of coverage on nonperforming loans
and analysis of our loan portfolio, we believe the allowance for loan losses of
$14.5 million as of September 30, 2016 to be adequate.   
  As a general practice, most of our
loans are originated with relatively short maturities of less than 10 years. As
a result, when a loan reaches its maturity we frequently renew the loan and thus
extend its maturity using the same credit standards as those used when the loan
was first originated. Due to these loan practices, we may, at times, renew loans
which are classified as nonperforming after evaluating the loan s collateral
value and financial strength of its guarantors. Nonperforming loans are renewed
at terms generally consistent with the ultimate source of repayment and rarely
at reduced rates. In these cases the Company will seek additional credit
enhancements, such as additional collateral or additional guarantees to further
protect the loan. When a loan is no longer performing in accordance with its
stated terms, the Company will typically seek performance under the guarantee.
  
  In addition, at September 30, 2016,
81.2% of our loans are collateralized by real estate and 88.0% of our impaired
loans are secured by real estate. The Company utilizes third party appraisers to
determine the fair value of collateral dependent loans. Our current loan and
appraisal policies require the Company to obtain updated appraisals on an annual
basis, either through a new external appraisal or an appraisal evaluation.
Impaired loans are individually reviewed on a quarterly basis to determine the
level of impairment. As of September 30, 2016, we do not have any impaired real
estate loans carried at a value in excess of the appraised value. We typically
charge-off a portion or create a specific reserve for impaired loans when we do
not expect repayment to occur as agreed upon under the original terms of the
loan agreement.   
  36  

Table of Contents    
  At September 30, 2016, impaired loans
totaled $14.4 million for which $9.1 million of these loans have a reserve of
approximately $2.8 million allocated in the allowance. During the first nine
months of 2016, the average recorded investment in impaired loans was
approximately $14.8 million. Comparatively, impaired loans totaled $13.9 million
at December 31, 2015, and $9.4 million of these loans had a reserve of
approximately $4.2 million allocated in the allowance. During 2015, the average
recorded investment in impaired loans was approximately $14.5 million.
  
  We consider a loan to be a TDR when the
debtor experiences financial difficulties and we provide concessions such that
we will not collect all principal and interest in accordance with the original
terms of the loan agreement. Concessions can relate to the contractual interest
rate, maturity date, or payment structure of the note. As part of our workout
plan for individual loan relationships, we may restructure loan terms to assist
borrowers facing challenges in the current economic environment. As of September
30, 2016, we determined that we had loans totaling $9.2 million that we
considered TDRs. As of December 31, 2015, we had loans totaling $8.0 million,
that we considered TDRs.  
   Allowance for Loan
Losses    The allowance for loan losses was
$14.5 million and $13.4 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, or
1.30% of outstanding loans at September 30, 2016 and 1.34% of outstanding loans
at September 30, 2015. At December 31, 2015, our allowance for loan losses was
$13.6 million, or 1.36% of outstanding loans, and we had net loans charged-off
of $1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015.   
  During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we charged-off $1.5 million of loans and recorded $286,000 of
recoveries on loans previously charged-off, for net charge-offs of $1.2 million,
or 0.15% of average loans, annualized. Comparatively, we charged-off $1.0
million of loans and recorded $156,000 of recoveries on loans previously
charged-off, resulting in net charge-offs of $884,000, or 0.13% of average
loans, annualized, for the first nine months of 2015.  
  Following is a summary of the activity
in the allowance for loan losses.   
  
   Deposits and Other Interest-Bearing
Liabilities    Our primary source of funds
for loans and investments is our deposits, advances from the FHLB, and
structured repurchase agreements. In the past, we have chosen to obtain a
portion of our certificates of deposits from areas outside of our market in
order   to obtain longer term deposits than are
readily available in our local market. We have adopted guidelines regarding our
use of brokered CDs that limit our brokered CDs to 25% of total deposits and
dictate that our current interest rate risk profile determines the terms. In
addition, we do not obtain time deposits of $100,000 or more through the
Internet. These guidelines allow us to take advantage of the attractive terms
that wholesale funding can offer while mitigating the related inherent risk.
  
  Our retail deposits represented $976.1
million, or 93.4% of total deposits at September 30, 2016, while our
out-of-market, or brokered, deposits represented $68.9 million, or 6.6% of our
total deposits at September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, retail deposits
represented $926.8 million, or 94.0% of our total deposits, and brokered CDs were $58.9 million, representing 6.0%
of our total deposits. Our loan-to-deposit ratio was 107% at September 30, 2016
and 102% at December 31, 2015.  
  37  

Table of Contents    

The following is a detail of our
deposit accounts:   
 
  During the past 12 months, we continued
our focus on increasing core deposits, which exclude out-of-market deposits and
time deposits of $250,000 or more, in order to provide a relatively stable
funding source for our loan portfolio and other earning assets. Our core
deposits were $880.4 million and $840.2 million at September 30, 2016, and
December 31, 2015, respectively. In late June 2016, we received a short-term
deposit of approximately $40 million into a NOW account; however, a majority of
this deposit was withdrawn in early July 2016.   
  The following table shows the average
balance amounts and the average rates paid on deposits.  
 
  During the twelve months ended
September 30, 2016, our average transaction account balances increased by $147.0
million, or 25.5%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015, while our
average time deposit balances decreased by $15.4 million during the same
twelve-month period.  
  All of our time deposits are
certificates of deposits. The maturity distribution of our time deposits of
$100,000 or more at September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

38  

Table of Contents    
  Included in time deposits of $100,000
or more at September 30, 2016 is $68.9 million of wholesale CDs scheduled to
mature within the next 12 months at a weighted average rate of 0.75%. Time
deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $164.7 million and $145.5 million,
respectively.   
   L    IQUIDITY AND     C    APITAL     R    ESOURCES    
  Liquidity represents the ability of a
company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant
loss, and the ability to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities.
Liquidity management involves monitoring our sources and uses of funds in order
to meet our day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing profits.
Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet
components are subject to varying degrees of management control. For example,
the timing of maturities of our investment portfolio is fairly predictable and
subject to a high degree of control at the time investment decisions are made.
However, net deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not
subject to the same degree of control.   
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, our liquid assets, consisting of cash and due from banks and federal funds
sold, amounted to $41.9 million and $62.9 million, or 3.2% and 5.2% of total
assets, respectively. Our investment securities at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 amounted to $73.6 million and $95.5 million, or 5.7% and 7.8%
of total assets, respectively. The decrease in liquid assets and investment
securities is primarily attributable to our intentional decrease of these asset
classes in favor of funding new loan growth. Investment securities traditionally
provide a secondary source of liquidity since they can be converted into cash in
a timely manner. However, approximately 55% of these securities are pledged
against outstanding debt. Therefore, the related debt would need to be repaid
prior to the securities being sold in order for these securities to be converted
to cash. In addition, approximately 20% of our investment securities are pledged
to secure client deposits.   
  Our ability to maintain and expand our
deposit base and borrowing capabilities serves as our primary source of
liquidity. We plan to meet our future cash needs through the liquidation of
temporary investments, the generation of deposits, loan payoffs, and from
additional borrowings. In addition, we will receive cash upon the maturity and
sale of loans and the maturity of investment securities. We maintain three
federal funds purchased lines of credit with correspondent banks totaling $45.0
million for which there were no borrowings against the lines of credit at
September 30, 2016.  
  We are also a member of the FHLB, from
which applications for borrowings can be made. The FHLB requires that
securities, qualifying mortgage loans, and stock of the FHLB owned by the Bank
be pledged to secure any advances from the FHLB. The unused borrowing capacity
currently available from the FHLB at September 30, 2016 was $144.9 million,
based on the Bank s $5.2 million investment in FHLB stock, as well as qualifying
mortgages available to secure any future borrowings. However, we are able to
pledge additional securities to the FHLB in order to increase our available
borrowing capacity. In addition, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 we
had $103.0 million and $114.9 million, respectively, of letters of credit
outstanding with the FHLB to secure client deposits.   
  We also have a line of credit with
another financial institution for $10 million, which was unused at September 30,
2016. The line of credit bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.90% with a floor of
3.25% and a ceiling of 5.15%, and matures on June 6, 2017.   
  We believe that our existing stable
base of core deposits, borrowings from the FHLB, and short-term repurchase
agreements will enable us to successfully meet our long-term liquidity needs.
However, as short-term liquidity needs arise, we have the ability to sell a
portion of our investment securities portfolio to meet those needs.  
  Total shareholders  equity at September
30, 2016 was $106.0 million. At December 31, 2015, total shareholders  equity
was $94.2 million. The $11.8 million increase from December 31, 2015 is
primarily related to net income of $9.7 million during the first nine months of
2016, combined with a $740,000 increase in accumulated other comprehensive
income and $1.3 million related to equity compensation transactions.   
  39  

Table of Contents    
  The following table shows the return on
average assets (net income divided by average total assets), return on average
equity (net income divided by average equity), equity to assets ratio (average
equity divided by average assets), and tangible common equity ratio (total
equity less preferred stock divided by total assets) annualized for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015. Since our
inception, we have not paid cash dividends.   
 
  At both the holding company and Bank
level, we are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by
the federal banking agencies. Under the capital adequacy guidelines and the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital
guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and
certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting
practices. Our capital amounts and classifications are also subject to
qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and
other factors, and the regulators can lower classifications in certain cases.
Failure to meet various capital requirements can initiate regulatory action that
could have a direct material effect on the financial statements.   
  Regulatory capital rules released in
July 2013 to implement capital standards referred to as Basel III and developed
by an international body known as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
impose higher minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks.
The rules apply to all national and state banks and savings associations
regardless of size and bank holding companies and savings and loan holding
companies with more than $1 billion in total consolidated assets. More stringent
requirements are imposed on  advanced approaches  banking organizations-those
organizations with $250 billion or more in total consolidated assets, $10
billion or more in total foreign exposures, or that have opted in to the Basel
II capital regime. The requirements in the rule began to phase in on January 1,
2015, for us. The requirements in the rule will be fully phased in by January 1,
2019.   
  The rule includes certain new and
higher risk-based capital and leverage requirements than those currently in
place. Specifically, the following minimum capital requirements apply to us:

a new common equity Tier 1
      risk-based capital ratio of 4.5%;    

a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
      of 6% (increased from the former 4% requirement);    

a total risk-based capital ratio
      of 8% (unchanged from the former requirement); and    

a leverage ratio of 4% (also
      unchanged from the former requirement).      
  Under the rule, Tier 1 capital is
redefined to include two components: Common Equity Tier 1 capital and additional
Tier 1 capital. The new and highest form of capital, Common Equity Tier 1
capital, consists solely of common stock (plus related surplus), retained
earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income, and limited amounts of
minority interests that are in the form of common stock. Additional Tier 1
capital includes other perpetual instruments historically included in Tier 1
capital, such as noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital
consists of instruments that currently qualify in Tier 2 capital plus
instruments that the rule has disqualified from Tier 1 capital treatment.
Cumulative perpetual preferred stock, formerly includable in Tier 1 capital, is
now included only in Tier 2 capital. Accumulated other comprehensive income
(AOCI) is presumptively included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and often would
operate to reduce this category of capital. The rule provided a onetime
opportunity at the end of the first quarter of 2015 for covered banking
organizations to opt out of much of this treatment of AOCI. We made this opt-out
election and, as a result, will retain the pre-existing treatment for
AOCI.  

  40  

Table of Contents    
  In addition, in order to avoid
restrictions on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments to
executives, a covered banking organization must maintain a  capital conservation
buffer  on top of its minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer must
consist solely of Tier 1 Common Equity, but the buffer applies to all three
measurements (Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 capital and total capital). The
capital conservation buffer will be phased in incrementally over time, becoming
fully effective on January 1, 2019, and will consist of an additional amount of
common equity equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. As of January 1, 2016, we
are required to hold a capital conservation buffer of 0.625%, increasing by that
amount each successive year until 2019.   
  In general, the rules have had the
effect of increasing capital requirements by increasing the risk weights on
certain assets, including high volatility commercial real estate, certain loans
past due 90 days or more or in nonaccrual status, mortgage servicing rights not
includable in Common Equity Tier 1 capital, equity exposures, and claims on
securities firms, that are used in the denominator of the three risk-based
capital ratios.   
  It is management s belief that, as of
September 30, 2016, the Company and the Bank would have met all capital adequacy
requirements under Basel III on a fully phased-in basis if such requirements
were currently effective.   
  The following table summarizes the
capital amounts and ratios of the Bank and the regulatory minimum
requirements.  
 
  The following table summarizes the
capital amounts and ratios of the Company and the minimum regulatory
requirements.   
 
  The ability of the Company to pay cash
dividends is dependent upon receiving cash in the form of dividends from the
Bank. The dividends that may be paid by the Bank to the Company are subject to
legal limitations and regulatory capital requirements.  
   E    FFECT OF     I    NFLATION AND     C    HANGING     P    RICES   
  The effect of relative purchasing power
over time due to inflation has not been taken into account in our consolidated
financial statements. Rather, our financial statements have been prepared on an
historical cost basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.   
  Unlike most industrial companies, our
assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. Therefore, the effect
of changes in interest rates will have a more significant impact on our
performance than will the effect of changing prices and inflation in general. In
addition, interest rates may generally increase as the rate of inflation
increases, although not necessarily in the same
magnitude. As discussed previously, we seek to manage the relationships between
interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against wide rate
fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation.  
  41  

Table of Contents    

   O    FF    -B    ALANCE     S    HEET     R    ISK   
  Commitments to extend credit are
agreements to lend money to a client as long as the client has not violated any
material condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a
fee. At September 30, 2016, unfunded commitments to extend credit were $214.9
million, of which $55.2 million was at fixed rates and $159.6 million was at
variable rates. At December 31, 2015, unfunded commitments to extend credit were
$194.7 million, of which approximately $61.8 million was at fixed rates and
$133.0 million was at variable rates. A significant portion of the unfunded
commitments related to consumer equity lines of credit. Based on historical
experience, we anticipate that a significant portion of these lines of credit
will not be funded. We evaluate each client s credit worthiness on a
case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by us
upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the borrower. The
type of collateral varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory,
property, plant and equipment, and commercial and residential real estate.
  
  At both September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, there were commitments under letters of credit for $4.7 million and
$4.3 million, respectively. The credit risk and collateral involved in issuing
letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan
facilities to customers. Since most of the letters of credit are expected to
expire without being drawn upon, they do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements.   
  A portion of our business is to
originate mortgage loans that will be sold in the secondary market to investors.
Loan types that we originate include conventional loans, jumbo loans and other
governmental agency loan products. We adhere to the legal lending limits and
guidelines as set forth by the various governmental agencies and investors to
whom we sell loans. Under a  best efforts  selling procedure, we make our best
effort to process, fund, and deliver the loan to a particular investor. If the
loan fails to fund, there is no immediate cost to us, as the market risk has
been transferred to the investor. In the event of a customer loan default, we
may be required to reimburse the investor.   
  Except as disclosed in this report, we
are not involved in off-balance sheet contractual relationships, unconsolidated
related entities that have off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions that
could result in liquidity needs or other commitments that significantly impact
earnings.   
   M    ARKET     R    ISK AND     I    NTEREST     R    ATE     S    ENSITIVITY   
  Market risk is the risk of loss from
adverse changes in market prices and rates, which principally arises from
interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investing, deposit gathering, and
borrowing activities. Other types of market risks, such as foreign currency
exchange rate risk and commodity price risk, do not generally arise in the
normal course of our business.  
  We actively monitor and manage our
interest rate risk exposure in order to control the mix and maturities of our
assets and liabilities utilizing a process we call asset/liability management.
The essential purposes of asset/liability management are to ensure adequate
liquidity and to maintain an appropriate balance between interest sensitive
assets and liabilities in order to minimize potentially adverse impacts on
earnings from changes in market interest rates. Our asset/liability management
committee ( ALCO ) monitors and considers methods of managing exposure to
interest rate risk. We have both an internal ALCO consisting of senior
management that meets at various times during each month and a board ALCO that
meets monthly. The ALCOs are responsible for maintaining the level of interest
rate sensitivity of our interest sensitive assets and liabilities within
board-approved limits.   

  42  

Table of Contents    
  As of September 30, 2016, the following
table summarizes the forecasted impact on net interest income using a base case
scenario given upward and downward movements in interest rates of 100, 200, and
300 basis points based on forecasted assumptions of prepayment speeds, nominal
interest rates and loan and deposit repricing rates. Estimates are based on current
economic conditions, historical interest rate cycles and other factors deemed to
be relevant. However, underlying assumptions may be impacted in future periods
which were not known to management at the time of the issuance of the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Therefore, management s assumptions may or
may not prove valid. No assurance can be given that changing economic conditions
and other relevant factors impacting our net interest income will not cause
actual occurrences to differ from underlying assumptions. In addition, this
analysis does not consider any strategic changes to our balance sheet which
management may consider as a result of changes in market conditions.   
 
   C    RITICAL     A    CCOUNTING     P    OLICIES   
  We have adopted various accounting
policies that govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States and with general practices within the banking industry in
the preparation of our financial statements. Our significant accounting policies
are described in the footnotes to our audited consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2015, as filed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
  Certain accounting policies involve
significant judgments and assumptions by us that have a material impact on the
carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. We consider these accounting
policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgment and assumptions we use
are based on historical experience and other factors, which we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Our Critical Accounting Policies are the
allowance for loan losses, fair value of financial instruments,
other-than-temporary impairment analysis, other real estate owned, and income
taxes. Because of the nature of the judgment and assumptions we make, actual
results could differ from these judgments and estimates that could have a
material impact on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our
results of operations.   
   A    CCOUNTING    ,         R    EPORTING    ,     AND     R    EGULATORY
    M    ATTERS   
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards
    The following is a summary of recent
authoritative pronouncements that could affect accounting, reporting, and
disclosure of financial information by us:   
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance
to change the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core
principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect
the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount equal to the
consideration the entity receives or expects to receive. In August 2015, the
FASB deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. As a result of the deferral, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be
effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017. In March 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers
topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the implementation
guidance on principal versus agent considerations and address how an entity
should assess whether it is the principal or the agent in contracts that include
three or more parties. In April 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from
Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to
clarify guidance related to identifying performance obligations and accounting
for licenses of intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to
clarify guidance related to collectability, noncash consideration, presentation
of sales tax, and transition. The Company does not expect these amendments to
have a material effect on its financial statements.   
  43  

Table of Contents    
  In January 2015, the FASB issued
guidance to eliminate from U.S. GAAP the concept of an extraordinary item, which
is an event or transaction that is both (1) unusual in nature and (2)
infrequently occurring. Under the guidance, an entity will no longer (1)
segregate an extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations; (2)
separately present an extraordinary item on its income statement, net of tax,
after income from continuing operations; or (3) disclose income taxes and
earnings-per-share data applicable to an extraordinary item. The amendments
became effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments did not have a
material effect on the Company s financial statements.   
  In February 2015, the FASB issued
guidance which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes
the consolidation analysis required under U.S. GAAP. Although the amendments are
expected to result in the deconsolidation of many entities, the Company will
need to reevaluate all of its previous consolidation conclusions. The amendments
became effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments did not have a
material effect on the Company s financial statements.   
  In January 2016, the FASB amended the
Financial Instruments topic of the ASC to address certain aspects of
recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments.
The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will
apply the guidance by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance
sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related
to equity securities without readily determinable fair values will be applied
prospectively to equity investments that exist as of the date of adoption of the
amendments. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material
effect on its financial statements.   
  In February 2016, the FASB amended the
Leases topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to revise certain aspects
of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of leasing
transactions. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation of the new
standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows.   
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award
transactions including the income tax consequences, the classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash
flows. Additionally, the guidance simplifies two areas specific to entities
other than public business entities allowing them to apply a practical expedient
to estimate the expected term for all awards with performance or service
conditions that have certain characteristics and also allowing them to make a
one-time election to switch from measuring all liability-classified awards at
fair value to measuring them at intrinsic value. The amendments will be
effective for the Company for annual periods   
   beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim
periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect these
amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements.   
  In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to change the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for
certain debt securities. The amendments will be effective for the Company for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect that implementation of the new standard will have on its
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.   
  In August 2016, the FASB amended the
Statement of Cash Flows topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to
clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for the Company
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect these amendments to have
a material effect on its financial statements.   
  Other accounting standards that have
been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do
not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.   
  44  

Table of Contents    
      Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    
  See Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Market Risk and
Interest Rate Sensitivity and   Liquidity Risk.   
      Item 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES.    
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   
  Management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and
submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and
reported as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.  
   Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting    
  There has been no change in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months
ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
  
     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
   
      Item 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.          We are a party to claims and lawsuits arising in the course of
normal business activities. Management is not aware of any material pending
legal proceedings against the Company which, if determined adversely, would have
a material adverse impact on the company s financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.   
      Item 1A RISK
FACTORS.     Investing in shares of our common stock involves certain
risks, including those identified and described in Item 1A of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as well as cautionary
statements contained in this Form 10-Q, including those under the caption
 Cautionary Warning Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  set forth in Part 1,
Item 2 of this Form 10-Q, risks and matters described elsewhere in this Form
10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC.  
      Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
  Not applicable   
      Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES.     Not applicable   
      Item 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES.     Not applicable   
      Item 5. OTHER
INFORMATION.     Not applicable   
      Item 6.
EXHIBITS.     The exhibits required to be filed as part of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Index to Exhibits attached hereto and are
incorporated herein by reference.   
  45  

Table of Contents    
   SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

SOUTHERN FIRST
      BANCSHARES, INC.    

Registrant   

Date: October
      31, 2016  
      /s/R. Arthur Seaver,
      Jr.       

R. Arthur Seaver, Jr.   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
      Officer)   

Date: October
      31, 2016  
      /s/Michael D.
      Dowling  

Michael D. Dowling   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and
      Accounting Officer)     
  46  

Table of Contents    
   INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

Exhibit   

Number   
           
       Description    
   
      31.1  
      
      Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive
      Officer.   

31.2  
      
      Rule
      13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer.   

32  
      
      Section 1350 Certifications.   

101  

The following materials from the
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. for the
      quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business
      Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii)
      Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of
      Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in
      Shareholders  Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi)
      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.
       
  47  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 southern3156391-311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1      
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the
Principal Executive Officer.   

Exhibit 31.1    
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the
Principal Executive Officer.       
  I, R. Arthur Seaver, Jr., certify
that:       

1.    
        
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southern
      First Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
      financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    
        
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Date: October 31, 2016  
      By:      
      /s/
      R. Arthur Seaver, Jr.                

R. Arthur Seaver, Jr.   

Chief Executive
Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 southern3156391-312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2      
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the
Principal Financial Officer.   

Exhibit 31.2    
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the
Principal Financial Officer.       
  I, Michael D. Dowling, certify
that:       

1.    
        
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southern
      First Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
      financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    
        
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Date: October 31, 2016  
      By:       
      /s/ Michael D. Dowling   

Michael D. Dowling   

Chief Financial
Officer     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 southern3156391-32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32      
  Section 1350 Certifications.

Exhibit 32      
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     

The undersigned, the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (the
"Company"), each certify that, to his knowledge on the date of this
certification:   

1.    
      The quarterly report
      of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the "Report") fully
      complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information
      contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
      financial condition and results of operations of the
  Company.     

/s/
      R. Arthur Seaver, Jr.  

R. Arthur Seaver,
      Jr.   
   
      Chief Executive
      Officer   
   
      Date: October 31,
      2016   

/s/
      Michael D. Dowling  

Michael D.
    Dowling   
   
      Chief Financial
      Officer   
   
      Date: October 31,
      2016    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 sfst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sfst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 sfst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sfst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sfst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sfst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

