<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1122388_0001122388-16-000109_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7302115</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238975</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>364706</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2500995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3079932</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>982896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001122388-16-000109.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101163821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001122388-16-000109
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELLIE MAE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001122388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35140
		FILM NUMBER:		161965228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4420 ROSEWOOD DRIVE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588
		BUSINESS PHONE:		925-227-2082

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4420 ROSEWOOD DRIVE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001122388-16-000109.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 elli-2016093010q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents     

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _____________________________ 
  FORM   10-Q 
  _____________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  OR 

For the transition period from                      to                      
  Commission File Number: 001-35140    
  _____________________________ 
  ELLIE MAE, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  _____________________________ 

(925) 227-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  _____________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 
  As of   October 28, 2016  :   

Table of Contents     

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 
      PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited):  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 

ITEM 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 

ITEM 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    31 

ITEM 4 Controls and Procedures  
    31 
        
      PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Legal Proceedings  
    32 

ITEM 1A Risk Factors  
    32 

ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    43 

ITEM 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    43 

ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures  
    43 

ITEM 5 Other Information  
    43 

ITEM 6 Exhibits  
    44 

Signatures  
    45 

Table of Contents     

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   1 

Table of Contents     

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   2 

Table of Contents     

3 

     Table of Contents     

Ellie Mae, Inc. 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (continued) 
      (UNAUDITED) 
      (in thousands) 

Nine Months ended September 30, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
    $ 
    213 

$ 
    101 
      
      Cash paid for income taxes 
    $ 
    218 

$ 
    15 
      
      Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fixed asset purchases accrued but not paid 
    $ 
    1,196 

$ 
    3,055 
      
      Stock-based compensation capitalized to property and equipment 
    $ 
    1,927 

$ 
    705 
      
      Acquisition of property and equipment under capital leases 
    $ 

$ 
    6,998 

See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   4 

Table of Contents     

Ellie Mae, Inc. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
   
  NOTE   1     Description of Business    
  Ellie Mae, Inc. ( Ellie Mae,   the Company,   we,   our  or  us ) is   a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry in the United States  . The Company s   Encompass all-in-one mortgage management solution provides one system of record that allows banks, credit unions, and mortgage lenders to originate and fund mortgages and improve compliance, loan quality, and efficiency  . 
   
  NOTE   2     Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (   U.S.     GAAP   ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures included in financial statements prepared in accordance with   U.S.     GAAP   have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which was filed with the   SEC   on   February 25, 2016   (   2015 Form 10-K   ). 
  The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015  , included herein, was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date but does not include all disclosures, including notes required by   U.S.     GAAP  . 
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial positions, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full year   2016   or any future period. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with   U.S.     GAAP   requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management evaluates estimates on a regular basis including those relating to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill, intangible assets, valuation of deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, and unrecognized tax benefits, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences may have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes. 
  Significant Accounting Policies 
  The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note   2   of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in its   2015 Form 10-K  . There have been no significant changes to these policies during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  . 
  Comprehensive Income 
  Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive   income  . Other comprehensive   income   includes certain changes in equity that are excluded from net income, specifically unrealized gains on marketable securities. Except for   net realized gain on investments   which was not significant, there were no reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive   income   that affected net income during the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   ) issued Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (   ASU 2014-09   ), which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. This standard also requires significantly expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. In August 2015, the   FASB   deferred the effective date of this standard by one year. In March, April and May 2016, the FASB  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents     

clarified the implementation guidance on principal versus agent, identifying performance obligations, licensing, collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and certain other transition matters. The new effective date for public entities will be for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, but entities will be permitted to early adopt the standard as of the original effective date. This standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU 2016-01 ), which updates certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.  ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ), which requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current practice. ASU 2016-02 states that a lessee would recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   ( ASU 2016-09 ). This standard makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
  NOTE   3     Net Income Per Share of Common Stock 
  Net income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding and potential shares of common stock during the period. Potential shares of common stock include dilutive shares attributable to the assumed exercise of stock options, restricted stock unit awards (   RSU  s ), performance-vesting RSUs, performance share awards (   Performance Awards   ), and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (   ESPP   ) shares using the treasury stock method, if dilutive. 
  The components of net income per share of common stock were as follows: 

6 

     Table of Contents     

The following potential weighted average common shares were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive: 

Performance-vesting RSUs and   Performance Awards   are included in the diluted shares outstanding for each period if the established performance criteria have been met at the end of the respective periods. However, if none of the required performance criteria have been met for such awards, the Company includes the number of shares that would be issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period. Accordingly, in addition to the employee stock options and awards noted above,   167,336   and   214,014   shares underlying   performance-vesting RSUs   and   Performance Awards   were excluded from the dilutive shares outstanding for each of the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE   4     Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 
  Level 1   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2   Valuations based on other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
  Level 3   Valuations based on inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents     

The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy the Company s financial assets that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The Company classifies its money market funds that are specifically backed by debt securities and U.S. government obligations as Level 1 instruments,   due to the use of observable market prices for identical securities that are traded in active markets  . 
  Valuation of the Company s marketable securities investments classified as Level 2 is achieved primarily through broker quotes when such investments exist in a non-active market. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company   did not have any assets or liabilities that were valued using Level 3 inputs.   For the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , there were   no   transfers of financial instruments between the levels. 
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , the Company recognized interest income from financial instruments of   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. For the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015  , the Company recognized interest income from financial instruments of   $0.2 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively. Gross realized gains and losses from the sale of investments were not significant during the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $348.1 million   of the Company's marketable securities had a contractual maturity of one year or less and   $44.0 million   had a contractual maturity of one to three years. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents     

The carrying amounts, gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of cash and cash equivalents and both short-term and long-term investments consisted of the following: 

9 

     Table of Contents     

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and the related fair values of the Company s investments that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position.   The Company did not identify any investments as other-than-temporarily impaired at     September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

The following table summarizes the maturities of the Company s investments at     September 30, 2016  : 

Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   5     Balance Sheet Components    
  Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment, net, consisted of the following: 
   
 ________________ 
   (1)    Includes computer equipment and software under capital leases 
  Computer equipment and software under capital leases, net, consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   was   $5.8 million   and   $14.5 million  , respectively.  Depreciation expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   was   $3.0 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively.  Amortization of assets under capital leases which is included in depreciation expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   was   $0.8 million   and   $2.4 million  , respectively.  Amortization of assets under capital leases which is included in depreciation expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   was   $0.7 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively. 
  Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
  Accrued and other current liabilities consisted of the following: 

11 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   6      Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  The carrying value of goodwill at   September 30, 2016   was   $74.5 million  . There were   no   changes in the carrying value of goodwill during the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  . 
  Other intangible assets, net, consisted of the following: 

Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   was   $1.5 million   and   $4.4 million  , respectively. Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2015   was   $1.2 million   and   $3.7 million  , respectively. 
  Minimum future amortization expense for intangible assets at   September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

12 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   7     Income Taxes 
  The Company computes its interim provision for income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to the year-to-date income from recurring operations and adjusts the provision for discrete tax items recorded in the period. The Company evaluates and updates its estimated annual effective income tax rate on a quarterly basis. The estimated annual effective tax rate as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   36.5%   and   40.6%  , respectively. 

The difference between the federal statutory rate of   35%   and the Company s estimated effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   was primarily due to the Company s state income tax provision, non-deductible stock-based compensation expenses, and offset by R D credits. 
  The Company realized a tax benefit of   $4.2 million   and   $5.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   related to the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of RSUs,   performance-vesting RSUs   and Performance Awards. The Company recognized a charge of   $24,000   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015   related to the adjustments made to the tax benefit for the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of RSUs, performance-vesting RSUs and Performance Award. The Company recorded a tax benefit of   $3.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   related to the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of RSUs,   performance-vesting RSUs   and Performance Awards. The net income tax benefit in excess of the expenses recorded for financial reporting purposes has been recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital and is reflected as a financing cash inflow in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  The Company s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions and believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its unrecognized tax benefits for all tax years still open for assessment. The Company also believes that it does not have any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. 
  The Company has a policy to classify accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions together with the related liability in the balance sheet, and to include the expenses incurred related to such accruals in the provision for income taxes. There were   no   interest or penalties included in the provision for income taxes during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The Company is currently under examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the 2013 tax year.  At this time, the Company is not able to estimate the potential impact that the examination may have on income tax expense.  If the examination is resolved unfavorably, it may have a negative impact on the Company s results of operations. 
   
  NOTE   8     Commitments and Contingencies 
  Leases 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company leased   eight   facilities under operating lease arrangements. The lease expiration dates range from   August 2017   to   December 2025  . Certain leases contain escalation clauses calling for increased rents. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and has recorded deferred rent for the difference between rent payments and rent expense recognized.  
  Pursuant to the expiration of the Company s Irvine office lease, in February 2016, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for approximately 4,600 square feet of office space in Irvine, California. The term of the lease commenced on June 1, 2016 with an initial term of 60 months, with payments ranging from $  12,800   per month to $  15,000   per month.  
  In July 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to its existing office lease in Pleasanton, California to expand office space by four floors, approximating 143,500 square feet and extend the lease to the existing premises by one year to December 31, 2025. The term of the lease for two of the four floors will commence on April 1, 2017 and for the remaining two floors, will commence on February 1, 2018. The term of the lease for the aggregate leased space ends on December 31, 2025 with payments ranging from approximately $  201,600   per month to $  527,300   per month during the lease period.  
  Pursuant to the expiration of the Company s Omaha office lease, in August 2016, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for approximately 20,100 square feet of office space in Omaha, Nebraska. The term of the lease will commence on January 1, 2017 with an initial term of 68 months, with payments ranging from $  25,600   per month to $  37,900   per month. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents     

Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating and capital leases at   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following: 

Legal Proceedings  
  From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation that it believes is of the type common to companies engaged in the Company s line of business, including commercial and employment disputes. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company is not involved in any pending legal proceedings whose outcome the Company expects to have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, litigation is unpredictable and excessive verdicts, both in the form of monetary damages and injunctions, could occur. In the future, litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and the Company could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
  The Company is currently under audit by an enterprise software provider in connection with the Company's compliance with the terms of the applicable license agreement. Although there is a possibility of a claim, the Company believes it has properly complied with the terms of the license agreement and will vigorously defend any related claims. Any potential liabilities related to the audit are currently not estimable. 
   
  NOTE   9     Equity and Stock Incentive Plans 
  The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to awards granted under its 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ), 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the    2011 Plan   ), and   ESPP  . 
  Total stock-based compensation expense recognized consisted of: 

14 

     Table of Contents     

2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan 
  Stock Options 
  The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity under the 2009 Plan and   2011 Plan  : 

There were   no   stock options granted during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  . Stock options granted during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   were made under the 2011 Plan. There were   no   grants under the 2009 Plan during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  . 
  The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding at   September 30, 2016   represents the value of the Company s closing stock price of   $105.30   on   September 30, 2016   in excess of the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding for options that were in-the-money. Options outstanding that are expected to vest are net of estimated future option forfeitures. 
  Following is additional information pertaining to the Company s stock option activity: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, was   $9.9 million   and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.9   years. 
  Restricted Stock Units, Performance-Vesting Restricted Stock Units, and Performance Awards 
  The fair value of the Company s RSUs and Performance Awards is measured based upon the closing price of its underlying common stock as of the grant date and is recognized over the vesting term. Upon vesting, RSUs convert into an equivalent number of shares of common stock. 
  The   Performance Awards   granted represent the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, contingent upon the achievement of certain of the Company s performance metrics during the performance period. On a date subsequent to the performance period, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the    Compensation Committee   ) determines and approves the achievement of the performance goals (the    Determination Date   ) and the earned shares are issued, with   25%   of the shares vested upon issuance and the remaining shares to vest   25%   on each of the first three anniversaries of the   Determination Date  , subject to the continuous employment of the participant through such dates. 
  In October 2015, in connection with the acquisition of Mortgage Returns, the Company agreed to pay up to   29,006   of   performance-vesting RSUs   for a total value of   $2.0 million   to the former Chief Executive Officer of Mortgage Returns upon achievement of certain performance criteria and a service requirement during the performance period of October 23, 2015 through October 23, 2019. The   performance-vesting RSUs   will vest annually based on the achievement of the performance criteria and the service requirement.  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents     

In February 2016, the Company granted Sigmund Anderman, current Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company ( Mr. Anderman ),   6,692     performance-vesting RSUs   and an option to purchase   14,506   shares of Company common stock. Mr. Anderman may earn between   zero   and   2.0   shares of common stock for each performance-vesting RSU. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects that each of these   performance-vesting RSUs   will convert to   1.41   shares of common stock on the Determination Date in 2017. Additionally, in February 2016, the Company granted   64,449   Performance Awards with a performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 to the Company s executives under the 2011 Plan. The designated participants may earn between   zero   and   2.0   shares of common stock for each Performance Award. As of   September 30,   2016, the Company expects that each of these Performance Awards will convert to   2.0   shares of common stock on the Determination Date in 2017. 
  The following table summarizes the Company s   RSU  , Performance Award and performance-vesting RSU activity: 

RSU  s,   performance-vesting RSUs   and   Performance Awards   that are expected to vest are presented net of estimated future forfeitures.   RSU  s released during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   had an   aggregate intrinsic value   of   $16.8 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively, and had an   aggregate grant-date fair value   of   $8.3 million   and   $3.8 million  , respectively. Performance-vesting RSUs and   Performance Awards   released during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   had an   aggregate intrinsic value   of   $21.6 million   and   $13.2 million  , respectively, and had an   aggregate grant-date fair value   of   $6.8 million   and   $4.5 million  , respectively. The number of   RSU  s released includes shares that the Company withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. 
  As of     September 30, 2016  ,   total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested     RSU  s,   performance-vesting RSUs   and   Performance Awards   was   $56.2 million     and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of     2.6     years. 
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  For the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , employees purchased   101,816   shares and   110,598   shares, respectively, under the   ESPP   for a total of   $6.7 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized compensation expense related to the current semi-annual   ESPP   period, which ends on   February 27, 2017  , was   $1.0 million   and is expected to be recognized over   five   months. 
  Executive Incentive Plan 
  On March 14, 2016, the compensation committee adopted the Ellie Mae, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan (the  Executive Incentive Plan ). The Executive Incentive Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders on May 25, 2016. The Executive Incentive Plan has a term of five years from the date of approval by the stockholders, expiring May 25, 2021, and may be terminated, amended or suspended by the compensation committee at any prior time, and may also be reinstated. The Company currently expects to issue cash bonus and performance-based equity awards under the Executive Incentive Plan to the Company s executive officers commencing in 2017. Shares underlying equity awards from the Executive Incentive Plan will be issued from our 2011 Plan. The equity awards have the following limitations:  
  Stock Option Limitations.   The maximum number of shares that may be granted as an incentive stock option under the Executive Incentive Plan is 70,000,000. No participant will be eligible to receive a stock option covering more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar year.  
  Performance Units/Performance Share Limitations.   No participant will be eligible to receive performance units or performance shares having a grant date value (assuming maximum payout) greater than $10,000,000 or covering more than 1,000,000 shares, whichever is greater, in any calendar year. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents     

Valuation Information 
  The fair value of stock options and stock purchase rights granted under the 2009 Plan, the   2011 Plan  , and the   ESPP   were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Common Stock 
  The following numbers of shares of common stock were reserved and available for future issuance at   September 30, 2016  :    

In   February 2016  ,   295,665   additional shares were reserved under the   ESPP   and   1,478,325   additional shares were reserved under the   2011 Plan  , pursuant to the automatic increase provisions in each plan. 
  Stock Offering 
  In   August 2016  , the Company completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of   3,162,500   shares of its common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately   $271.4 million  , net of underwriting discounts, and offering costs and expenses of approximately   $13.2 million  . 
  Stock Repurchase Program 
  In   May 2014  , the Company s board of directors   approved a stock repurchase program under which   the Company is   authorized to repurchase up to     $75.0 million   of its   common stock  , which expires in   May 2017  . All shares are retired upon repurchase. The Company did not repurchase any shares during   the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $43.5 million   remained available for future repurchases under the program. 
   
  NOTE   10     Segment Information 
  The Company operates in one industry mortgage-related software and services. The Company s chief operating decision maker is its chief executive officer, who makes decisions about resource allocation and reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it has a single reporting segment and operating unit structure, specifically technology-enabled solutions to help streamline and automate the residential mortgage origination process for its network participants. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents     

The Company is organized primarily on the basis of service lines. Supplemental disclosure of revenues by type is as follows: 
   
 ________________ 
   (1)    Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made to conform to the current period presentation, such reclassification did not materially change previously reported consolidated financial statements. 
  On-demand revenue is generated from company-hosted software subscriptions that customers access through the Internet. On-demand revenue is comprised of fees for software services sold both as a subscription and transactionally including fees based on a per closed loan, or success basis, subject to monthly base fees, which the Company refers to as Success-Based Pricing; Ellie Mae Network fees; education and training, loan product, policy and guideline data and analytics services under the AllRegs brand; and professional services which include consulting, implementation, and training services. 
  On-premise revenue is generated from maintenance services, sales of customer-hosted Encompass software licenses, and related professional services.    Effective May 1, 2016, the Company no longer provides software releases or technical support for the on-premise version of Encompass. As of June 30,   2016  , all on-premise customers completed the migration to our on-demand Encompass offering, and we do not expect significant future on-premise revenues. 
   
  ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include words such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   plan,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   continue  or other wording indicating future results or expectations. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual events or results may differ materially. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under  Risk Factors  in this report.   We also face risks and uncertainties relating to our business including: outages and other system interruptions in our hosted Encompass software or the Ellie Mae Network service and any related impact on our reputation; our ability to protect the confidential information of our Encompass users, Ellie Mae Network participants and their respective customers; fluctuations in mortgage lending volume; the volume of mortgages originated by our Encompass users; the impact of changes in mortgage interest rates; changes in mortgage originator, lender, investor or service provider behavior and any related impact on the residential mortgage industry; our ability to accurately forecast revenues and appropriately plan our expenses; the number of Encompass users, including contracted Encompass users; the effectiveness of our marketing and sales efforts to attract new and retain existing Encompass users and Ellie Mae Network participants; transaction volume on the Ellie Mae Network; the level of demand for our Encompass Docs Solution, our Encompass Product and Pricing Service, and other services we offer; the level of adoption of our Total Quality Loan, or TQL, program; our ability to enhance the features and functionality of our Encompass software and the Ellie Mae Network including the development and successful deployment of our next generation Encompass platform; the timing of the introduction and acceptance of new Ellie Mae Network offerings and new on-demand services; customer renewal and upgrade rates; the increased time, cost, and complexity that may be required to successfully target larger customers; our ability to scale our operations and increase productivity to support our existing and growing customer base; our ability to successfully manage our growth and any future acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies; the risk that the anticipated benefits and growth prospects expected from our recent acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; the timing of future acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies, and new product launches; the impact of uncertain domestic and worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on residential mortgage volumes; changes in government regulation affecting mortgage lending, Ellie Mae Network participants or our services, and potential structural changes in the U.S. residential mortgage industry; the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; our ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market and adapt to technological changes; our ability to successfully incorporate changes in consumer protection laws and other laws relating to mortgage lending into our products and services so that our customers remain compliant with such laws, including Encompass and our Encompass Compliance Service; our ability to protect our intellectual property, including our proprietary Encompass software; costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims and our ability to maintain effective internal controls and the risk of natural and man-made catastrophic interruptions to our business.   We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents     

to reflect any event or circumstance that arises after the date of this report, or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations. 
  This discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  , or   2015 Form 10-K  . 
  In this report, references to  Ellie Mae,   the Company,   we,   our  or  us  refer to Ellie Mae, Inc. together with its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
   
  Overview 
  We are   a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry in the United States  . Our   Encompass all-in-one mortgage management solution provides one system of record that allows banks, credit unions, and mortgage lenders to originate and fund mortgages and improve compliance, loan quality, and efficiency  . 
  Mortgage originators use our Encompass software,   a comprehensive mortgage management system that handles key business and management functions involved in running a residential mortgage origination business. Mortgage originators use Encompass as a single tool for loan processing, marketing, and customer communication and to interact electronically with lenders, investors, and service providers over the Ellie Mae Network.   Our software also enables enforcement of rules and business practices designed to ensure loan quality, adherence to processing standards and regulatory compliance. 
  The   Ellie Mae Network electronically connects approximately     160,000     mortgage professionals using Encompass to the broad array of mortgage lenders, investors, and third-party service providers integral to the origination and funding of residential mortgages.     During the mortgage origination process, mortgage originators may order various services through the   Ellie Mae Network,   including credit reports; product eligibility and pricing services; automated underwriting services; appraisals; title reports; insurance; flood certifications and flood insurance; compliance reviews; fraud detection; document preparation; and verification of income, identity, and employment. Mortgage originators can also initiate secure data transmission to and from lenders and investors. 
  On-demand revenues are generated primarily from subscriptions to software we host that customers access through the Internet, including customers who pay fees based on the number of loans they close, or success basis, subject to monthly base fees, which we refer to as   Success Based Pricing  , and related professional services such as consulting, implementation, and training services. On-demand revenues also include software related services that are sold transactionally;   Ellie Mae Network   transaction fees paid by lender-investors, service providers, and certain government-sponsored entities participating on the   Ellie Mae Network  ; education and training; and loan product and guideline data and analytics services that are provided under the AllRegs brand. On-premise revenues are generated from customer-hosted software licenses and related professional services and maintenance services.   Effective May 1, 2016, we no longer provide software releases or technical support for the on-premise version of Encompass  . As of June 30,   2016  , all on-premise customers completed the migration to our on-demand Encompass offering, and we do not expect significant future on-premise revenues. 
  Our on-demand revenues typically, but not always, track the seasonality of the residential mortgage industry, with increased activity in the second and third quarters and reduced activity in the first and fourth quarters as home buyers tend to purchase their homes during the spring and summer in order to move to a new home before the start of the school year. Mortgage volumes are also impacted by other factors such as interest rate fluctuations, home sale activity, regulatory changes such as the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule which became effective in October 2015, and general economic conditions, which can lead to departures from the typical seasonal pattern. For example, increases in mortgage interest rates could reduce the volume of new mortgages originated and, in particular, the volume of mortgage refinancings. Conversely, recent low interest rates may increase the volume of new mortgages and mortgage refinancings. We   currently estimate that approximately     35%   to   45%   of our revenues   have some direct sensitivity to volume  . The   base fee portion of success-based revenues  ,   subscription revenues  , and   professional services revenues  ,   are not affected by fluctuations in mortgage origination volume  . 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents     

We are investing aggressively in initiatives that we believe will help us continue to grow our business, improve our products and services, and strengthen our competitive advantage while bringing sustainable long-term value to our customers. During 2015 and the first three quarters of 2016, we increased our investments in our sales and client services capabilities, research and development, technology infrastructure, and data security to support our user additions and overall business growth and maintain the confidentiality of our customers  data. These investments include expanding our talent across the organization by hiring additional personnel. To support customers and further differentiate ourselves, we will continue to invest in key areas such as research and development, enterprise sales, services, technical support, data security, and data center infrastructure. This investment includes the   development of our current infrastructure to accommodate new users and our next generation Encompass platform  , which we anticipate will be incrementally introduced over the coming quarters and through the first half of 2018. The costs associated with these investments decreased our gross margin percentage and increased operating expenses in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. We expect to continue investing in these areas, and such expenditures may affect our ability to improve our margins as we grow revenue. 
  In addition to our internal initiatives, our business strategy has evolved to address recent industry trends, including: 
             
    increased quality standards imposed by regulators, lenders, and investors; 
                
    increased regulation affecting lenders and investors; 
                
    greater focus by our customers on operational efficiencies; 
                
    customers adopting multi-channel strategies; and 
                
    greater focus by customers and regulators on data security and consumer privacy 
     We are responding to these trends as follows: 
  Increased quality standards imposed by regulators, lenders and investors.   Encompass is designed to automate and streamline the process of originating mortgages to, among other things, satisfy increased quality requirements of investors. Relevant features of Encompass include enabling customers  management to impose processing rules and formats, and providing milestone and process reminders, automated population of forms with accurate data, and accurate and automated transmission of loan files and data from originators to investors and lenders. Our   TQL   program is designed to further enhance the quality, compliance, and salability of loans that are originated through Encompass. Additionally,   TQL   is intended to reduce the possibility of errors in the process of transferring information from originator to investor and to give investors confidence in the accuracy and regulatory compliance of the information that is underlying loan files. 
  In   response to the increased quality standards and compliance mandates affecting the industry  ,   we expect many non-Encompass mortgage lenders to assess new platform options and replace their legacy systems  . We have increased the size of our customer acquisition, implementation, and support teams   in order to address anticipated demand for our software solutions  . 
  Increased regulation affecting lenders and investors.   Regulatory reforms have significantly increased the complexity and importance of regulatory compliance. We devote considerable resources to continually upgrade our software to help our customers address regulatory changes. We offer Encompass Compliance Service, which   analyzes mortgage loan data for compliance with consumer protection laws and institutionally mandated compliance policies   and also alerts users to possible violations of these laws and policies. In addition, we have a staff of attorneys that work with compliance experts who help ensure that documents prepared using our software and the processes recommended by the Encompass workflow comply with applicable rules and regulations.   For example, additional tools and product updates were required to address the Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage and Federal and State High Cost rules that became effective in January 2014  . In addition, we updated certain of our products to comply with the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule changes that took effect in October 2015. We believe we are also well-positioned to help our customers meet future Dodd-Frank Act or other similar requirements as they are published and become effective. However, changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations relating to the residential mortgage industry could require us to incur significant costs to update our products and services so that our customers remain compliant with such laws and regulations. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents     

Greater focus on operational efficiencies.     The average total production cost per loan was     $6,932     in the second quarter of     2014   1   ,   $6,984     in the second quarter of     2015   2   ,   and     $7,120     in the second quarter of     2016   3   .   We expect operational costs to continue to be a significant consideration for mortgage originators due to continued increased regulation and heightened quality standards  . By automating many of the functions of mortgage origination, we enable our users to comply with regulations and process quality loans more efficiently and effectively. This reduces the cost of originating a loan and lowers the risk of buy-back demands from investors resulting from poorly originated or documented loans or loans that fail to comply with applicable regulations. We continually address the changing needs of our customers by developing and enhancing tools to allow for simplified regulatory compliance, increased availability of information, and enhanced system functionality and performance. 
  With an eye towards providing customers with ever-improving tools to enhance efficiency, we currently anticipate that we will continue to develop new service offerings through the   Ellie Mae Network   and pursue adoption of our services through initiatives such as our   TQL   program. By integrating and expanding our current and new services, we aim to provide a more comprehensive solution to our users. 
  Customers adopting multi-channel strategies.   Customers are developing multi-channel strategies beyond a single retail, correspondent or wholesale mortgage lending channel in order to grow their businesses. The requirements of these different channels vary and in order to maintain a single operating system, customers must use a robust system with customizable functionality. Encompass includes support for multi-channel workflows, allowing our customers to drive efficiencies and boost productivity by creating distinct workflows for each channel that map to our customers  business needs. Encompass users can customize workflows based on channel, loan purpose or specific loan criteria - all of which can vary between lending channels. Additionally, Encompass Consumer Connect enables our customers to originate loans directly from borrowers by offering an online loan application that can be accessed by anyone with a web browser. 
  Greater focus by customers and regulators on data security and consumer privacy  . Recent high-profile data security incidents affecting banking institutions and cloud-service software providers have resulted in an increased focus on data security by our customers and our customers  regulators. We are making significant investments in the security of the Encompass service, as well as our internal systems, processes and monitoring capabilities to protect our customers  data and help minimize the risk of data security loss. We expect the industry focus on data security to continue to increase, and we anticipate that our investments in data security will increase substantially over time. 
  Acquisition Strategy 
  Our industry is highly fragmented, and we   believe there are strategic opportunities available to acquire technology based companies that offer mortgage origination functionality that will complement and increase the attractiveness of our solutions  . In October 2015, we acquired substantially all the assets of Mortgage Returns, LLC, a company that provides on-demand customer relationship management or CRM and marketing automation solutions for the residential mortgage industry. With the acquisition of Mortgage Returns we are responding to the needs of our customers by adding a robust CRM solution for lenders of all sizes. We believe this acquisition enhances our marketing platform and furthers our mission of automating the entire end-to-end mortgage process for our customers. In   October 2014  , we   acquired substantially all the assets of     AllRegs  ,   a provider of research and reference, education, documentation, and data analytics products relating to the mortgage industry  .   The assets that we acquired from AllRegs allow us to strengthen our products through product integration and introduce new products related to training, compliance management systems, and loan product eligibility. 

________________ 

21 

     Table of Contents     

Operating Metrics 
  We use certain operational metrics to evaluate our business, determine allocation of our resources, and make decisions regarding corporate strategy. We focus on these metrics to determine our success in leveraging our user base to increase our revenues and to gauge the degree of our market penetration. 
  These metrics are defined below. 
  Contracted     revenues  . Contracted revenues are those revenues that are fixed by the terms of a contract and   are not affected by fluctuations in mortgage origination volume  . These revenues consist of the   base fee portion of success-based revenues  , monthly per-user subscription revenues,   professional services revenues  , and   subscription revenues   paid for products other than Encompass. 
  Active users.   An active user is a mortgage origination professional who has used Encompass at least once within a 90-day period preceding the measurement date. A user is a mortgage origination professional working at an Encompass mortgage lender, such as a mortgage bank, commercial bank, thrift or credit union, which sources and funds loans and generally sells these funded loans to investors; or a mortgage brokerage, which typically processes and submits loan files to a mortgage lender or mega lender that funds the loan. 
  Contracted users  . A   contracted user   is a mortgage origination professional who has a license to use Encompass and has an obligation to pay for this license, but who is not necessarily an active user. 
  Average active users.   A  verage active users   during a period is calculated by averaging the monthly active users during a reporting period. 
  Revenue     per average active Encompass user  . Revenue per average active Encompass user is calculated by dividing total revenues by average active Encompass users. 
   
  The following table shows these operating metrics as of and for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  : 

Basis of Presentation 
  General 
  Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ellie Mae, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  We generate revenue primarily from transaction-based fees, and fees for software and related services including our annual user conference and fees from professional services. Our software can be accessed through a company-hosted subscription.  Prior to May 1, 2016, our software was also accessed through a customer-hosted license. Accordingly, our revenue is described as on-demand and formerly, prior to May 1, 2016, also as on-premise. Sales taxes assessed by governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents     

On-demand Revenue 
  On-demand revenue is generated from company-hosted software subscriptions that customers access through the Internet.      On-demand revenue is comprised of fees for software services sold both as a subscription and transactionally including fees based on a per closed loan, or success basis, subject to monthly base fees, which we refer to as Success-Based Pricing; Ellie Mae Network fees;     education and training, loan product, policy and guideline data and analytics services under the AllRegs brand  ; and   professional services which include consulting, implementation, and training services. 
  On-premise Revenue 
  On-premise revenue is generated from maintenance services, sales of customer-hosted Encompass software licenses, and related professional services.    Effective May 1, 2016, the Company no longer provides software releases or technical support for the on-premise version of Encompass. As of June 30,   2016  , all on-premise customers completed the migration to our on-demand Encompass offering, and we do not expect significant future on-premise revenues. 
  Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses 
  Cost of Revenues 
  Our   cost of revenues   consists primarily of: salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation expense; third-party royalty expenses; customer support; data centers; depreciation on data center computer equipment; amortization of acquired intangible assets such as developed technology and trade names; amortization of internal-use software; professional services associated with implementation of our software; and allocated facilities costs. We expect that our cost of revenues will continue to increase in absolute dollars as our revenues increase, as we make additional and accelerated investments to bolster our infrastructure and enhance our system capacity, reliability, and data security,   as we pursue additional strategic acquisitions  , as we place new internal-use software into service and as we continue to hire additional personnel in our implementation and customer support departments to support new customers and provide new services. To support customers and further differentiate ourselves, we currently anticipate that we will continue to invest in key areas such as research and development, enterprise sales, services, technical support, data security, and data center infrastructure. This will include development of our next generation Encompass platform, which we expect to incrementally introduce over the coming quarters and through the first half of 2018. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Our   sales and marketing expenses   consist primarily of: salaries, benefits, and incentive compensation, including stock-based compensation expense and commissions; allocated facilities costs; expenses for trade shows, public relations, our annual user conference, and other promotional and marketing activities; expenses for travel and entertainment; and amortization of acquired intangible assets such as customer relationships. We expect that our sales and marketing expense will continue to increase as we continue to hire additional sales personnel   in order to address anticipated demand for our software solutions   and   as we pursue additional strategic acquisitions  . We also intend to increase marketing activities focused on Encompass, our   Ellie Mae Network   offerings and our other Encompass services. 
  Research and Development 
  Our   research and development expenses   consist primarily of: salaries and benefits, including bonuses and stock-based compensation expense; fees to contractors engaged in the development and support of the   Ellie Mae Network  , Encompass software, and other products; and allocated facilities costs. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our products and services and related next-generation enhancements, including hiring additional engineering and product development personnel and   as we pursue additional strategic acquisitions  . 
  General and Administrative 
  Our   general and administrative expenses   consist primarily of: salaries and benefits, including bonuses and stock-based compensation expense for employees involved in finance, accounting, human resources, administrative, information technology, and legal; third-party provider expenses such as general consulting, legal, accounting, and other professional services; and allocated facilities costs. We expect general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel and grant stock-based awards to attract and retain the employees needed to continue to grow our business and   as we pursue additional strategic acquisitions  . 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents     

Other Income, Net 
  Other income, net   consists of interest income earned on investments and cash accounts, offset by investment discount amortization and imputed interest expense related to our acquisition holdback payments, and interest expense paid on equipment and software leases. 
  Income Taxes 
  On a quarterly basis, we evaluate our expected income tax expense or benefit based on our year-to-date operations, and we record an adjustment in the current quarter. The net tax provision is the result of the mix of profits earned by us and our subsidiaries in tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates. We are required to estimate deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities measured using the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. In general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our consolidated statements of operations become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws or loss or credit carry forwards are utilized. Accordingly, realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income against which these deductions, losses, and credits can be utilized. We use management judgment to assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery is not more likely than not, we must establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  There have been no material changes during the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016   to our critical accounting policies and estimates previously disclosed in our   2015 Form 10-K  . 
   
  Results of Operations 
  The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our revenues for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. 

________ 
   (1)    Stock-based compensation included in the above line items: 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents     

25 

Table of Contents     

Comparison of the   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Revenues 
  The following table sets forth our revenues by type for the periods presented: 
   
 ________________ 
   (1)    Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made to conform to the current period presentation, such reclassification did not materially change previously reported consolidated financial statements. 
  Three months ended September 30,     2016  .   Total revenues   increase  d   $31.4 million  , or   45.6%  , for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period of   2015  . 
  On-demand revenues   increase  d by   $32.4 million  , or   47.6%   during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , consisting primarily of a   $22.9 million     increase   in Encompass revenue. The   increase   in Encompass revenue resulted partially from a   $11.6 million  , or   41.4%  ,   increase   in base fees due to a   36.0%   increase in contracted users as of   September 30,     2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , and an   increase   of   $11.3 million   in closed loan fees, which are assessed for loans closed in excess of base fees under our   Success Based Pricing   model. The closed loan fee increase was driven by an increase in contracted users and by higher mortgage origination volumes. 
  Additional contributors to the growth in on-demand revenue included a   $4.2 million     increase   in network revenues due to an increase in contracted users as well as an increase in adoption and usage of network services of third party Flood, Appraisal, and Credit providers to process loans, a   $2.0 million     increase   in revenues from professional services, driven primarily by implementation and training services provided to new customers, a   $1.8 million     increase   in revenues from our AllRegs and Mortgage Returns acquisitions, and a   $1.6 million   increase in revenues from other software and services due to an increase in   TQL   adoption and increased usage by Encompass users. 
  On-premise revenues   decrease  d by   $0.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the completion of all on-premise customers  migration to our on-demand Encompass offering, and we do not expect significant future on-premise revenues. 
  Nine months ended September 30,     2016  .   Total revenues   increase  d   $75.0 million  , or   39.7%  , for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period of   2015  . 
  On-demand revenues   increase  d by   $77.6 million  , or   41.8%   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , consisting primarily of a   $47.7 million     increase   in   Encompass   revenue. The increase in Encompass revenue resulted partially from a   $31.3 million  , or   41.4%  ,   increase   in base fees due to a   36.0%   increase in contracted users as of   September 30,     2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , and an   increase   of   $16.3 million   in closed loan fees, which are assessed for loans closed in excess of base fees under our   Success Based Pricing   model. The closed loan fee increase was driven by an increase in contracted users and by higher mortgage origination volumes. 
  Additional contributors to the growth in on-demand revenue included a   $10.8 million     increase   in network revenues due to an increase in contracted users as well as an increase in adoption and usage of network services of third party Flood, Appraisal, Credit, and Title providers to process loans, a   $7.6 million     increase   in revenues from our AllRegs and Mortgage Returns acquisitions, a   $6.7 million     increase   in revenues from professional services driven primarily by training and implementation services provided  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents     

to new customers and to customers that upgraded from our on-premise product offering, and a   $5.7 million     increase   in revenues from other software and services due to an increase in   TQL   adoption and our user conference. 
  On-premise revenues   decrease  d by   $2.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   compared to the same period of   2015  , primarily due to the completion of all on-premise customers  migration to our on-demand Encompass offering, and we do not expect significant future on-premise revenues. 
  Gross Profit 

Gross profit   increase  d by   $21.7 million   and gross margin percentage remained relatively flat during the   three months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Revenues   increase  d by   $31.4 million   and cost of revenues   increase  d by   $9.8 million  . The flat gross margin percentage was a result of an increase in revenue offset by an increase in fixed costs associated with headcount added to our implementation, professional services, and customer support organizations, investments we have made in expanding our data centers, and enhancing data security for our customers. The   increase   in costs primarily include a   $3.7 million     increase   in salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses associated with additional headcount for our professional services and customer support organizations in anticipation of continued increasing demand for our software solutions, a   $2.5 million     increase   in third-party royalty expenses arising from the increased revenues, a   $2.4 million   increase in depreciation expense related to internal-use software and infrastructure hardware, and a   $1.0 million     increase   in expenses related to upgrades and services to our data centers hardware and technology as we increase capacity relating to new customers and third-party services to assist in data security and infrastructure upgrades. 
  Gross profit   increase  d by   $48.4 million   and gross margin percentage   decreased by     1.0%   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Revenues   increase  d by   $75.0 million   and cost of revenues   increase  d by   $26.6 million  . The   decrease   in the gross margin percentage was a result of an increase in revenue offset by an increase in fixed costs associated with headcount added to our implementation, professional services, and customer support organizations, investments we have made in expanding our data centers, and enhancing data security for our customers. The   increase   in cost of revenues primarily includes a   $10.4 million     increase   in salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses associated with increased headcount in our professional services and customer support organizations in anticipation of continued increasing demand for our software solutions, a   $6.2 million     increase   in third-party royalty expenses arising from the increased revenues, a   $5.3 million   increase in depreciation expense related to internal-use software and infrastructure hardware, a   $2.8 million     increase   in expenses related to upgrades and services to our data centers hardware and technology as we increase capacity related to new customers, and a   $1.5 million   increase in third-party services to assist in security upgrades and infrastructure upgrades.  
  Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses   increase  d by   $3.6 million  , or   39.3%  , for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues   decrease  d by   0.6%  . The   increase   in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to a   $2.1 million     increase   in salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses related to increased headcount as we continue to grow our sales and marketing department in an effort to increase our market share and address anticipated demand for our software solutions, a   $0.7 million     increase   in commissions paid to our sales representatives arising from increased bookings, and a   $0.3 million     increase   in other marketing and promotion expenses. 
  Sales and marketing expenses   increase  d by   $12.8 million  , or   46.3%  , for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues   increase  d by   0.7%  . The increase in sales and marketing expenses were primarily due to a   $5.9 million     increase   in salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents     

compensation expenses related to increased headcount as we continue to grow our sales and marketing department in an effort to increase our market share and address anticipated demand for our software solutions and increased headcount from the Mortgage Returns acquisition, a   $3.9 million     increase   in marketing and promotion expenses including our user conference, and a   $1.9 million     increase   in commissions paid to our sales representatives arising from the increased bookings. 
  Research and Development 

Research and development expenses   increase  d by   $3.9 million  , or   35.4%  , for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues   decrease  d by   1.1%  . The   increase   in research and development expenses was due to a   $6.2 million     increase   in total research and development costs, primarily driven by salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses related to increased headcount as we continue to invest in our products and services, partially offset by approximately a   $2.3 million     decrease   as a result of the capitalization of research and development expenses related to internal-use software and website development projects. Costs associated with the development of internally developed software are capitalized to property and equipment rather than expensed, and amortized over their respective useful lives beginning when the related assets are placed into service. 
  Research and development expenses   increase  d by   $13.5 million  , or   46.9%  , for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues   increase  d by   0.8%  . The increase in research and development expenses was due to a   $17.6 million     increase   in total research and development costs, primarily driven by salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses related to increased headcount as we continue to invest in our products and services and additional headcount from the Mortgage Returns acquisition, offset by a   $4.1 million     decrease   as a result of the capitalization of research and development expenses related to internal-use software and website development projects. Costs associated with the development of internal-use software and website development are capitalized to property and equipment rather than expensed, and amortized over their respective useful lives beginning when the related assets are placed into service. 
  General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses   increase  d by   $2.7 million  , or   16.2%  , for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues   decrease  d by   4.9%  . The   increase   in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a   $2.0 million     increase   in salaries, stock-based compensation, and employee benefits related to increased headcount. The remainder of the increase is due to several items including an increase in depreciation expense related to the release of new systems and internally developed software placed into production, an increase in third-party services related to system upgrades, and an increase in technology expenses to support increased headcount. 
  General and administrative expenses   increase  d by   $9.8 million  , or   22.7%  , for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues   decrease  d by   2.9%  . The increase in general and administrative expenses were primarily due to a   $5.8 million     increase   in salaries, stock-based compensation, and employee benefits related to increased headcount from both the Mortgage Returns acquisition and hiring within the Information Technology organization, and a   $1.5 million   increase in depreciation expense related to the release of new systems and internally developed software placed into production, a   $1.4 million   increase in technology expenses to support increased headcount, and a   $1.2 million   increase in third-party services related to system upgrades. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents     

Income Tax Provision 
  Income tax provision was   $7.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $3.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . The   increase   in income tax provision was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes. 
  Income tax provision was   $15.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , compared to   $11.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . The   increase   in income tax provision was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes. There was a decrease in effective tax rate from   40.7%   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   to   35.8%   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  . This reduction in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the reduction of nondeductible stock option expense and benefits from R D credits as the credits became permanent in 2016. 
  The Company is currently under examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the 2013 tax year.  At this time, the Company is not able to estimate the potential impact that the examination may have on income tax expense.  If the examination is resolved unfavorably, it may have a negative impact on the Company s results of operations. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of   $388.2 million   and long-term investments of   $44.0 million  . This balance reflects cash proceeds of approximately   $271.4 million   from the public offering completed in August 2016 of   3,162,500   shares of common stock, net of underwriting discounts, and offering costs and expenses. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash, money market accounts, and highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. Both short and long-term investments consist of corporate bonds and obligations, certificates of deposit, municipal obligations, U.S. government notes, and U.S. government agency securities. 
  We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund capital expenditures, operating expenses and other cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. We may enter into acquisitions in the future, which could require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional funds may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 
  The following table sets forth our statement of cash flows data for the periods presented: 

Operating Activities 
  Cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016     decreased by     $8.9 million   as compared to the same period in   2015  . In the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, cash provided by operating activities is presented as net income adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net income   increased by     $9.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Non-cash items resulted in an   increase   in cash from operations of   $11.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in a   decrease   in cash from operations of   $29.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  The   $11.5 million     increase   in the   net contribution of non-cash items   to cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a   $7.2 million     increase   in depreciation from data center equipment, internal-use software, leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures placed into service, a   $5.9 million     increase   in stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount, offset by a   $1.6 million     decrease   in the tax benefit from   stock-based compensation  . 
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in a net   decrease   of   $29.8 million   to cash used in operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Our net accounts receivable balance fluctuates from period to period, depending on the amount and timing of sales and billing activity, our customers  payment method, and cash collections. Additionally, we experienced overall growth in our accounts receivable balance due to increased revenue for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . The change in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to the timing of payments for software services and other maintenance. The change in deposits and other assets was due to increased deferred commission expenses associated with continuing sales of our products. The change in accounts  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents     

payable and accrued and other liabilities was due to an increase in compensation costs associated with increased headcount as well as the timing of additional liabilities and payments in general, and does not reflect any significant change in the nature of accrued liabilities. The increase in deferred revenue is primarily the result of an increase in sales of professional services and timing of customer payments. 
  Investing Activities 
  Our primary investing activities have consisted of purchases, maturities and sales of investments, and purchases of property and equipment (including costs incurred to develop internal-use software). Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period to period due to the timing of the expansion of our operations and the timing of our internal-use software projects subject to capitalization. We plan to continue to increase investments in hardware and software to support our growth and corporate infrastructure as well as the next generation Encompass platform, and we intend to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions. 
  Cash used in investing activities of   $30.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   was primarily the result of   $21.1 million   in expenditures for purchases of property, including capital improvements to our new corporate headquarters, investments to bolster our infrastructure and enhance our system capacity, reliability, and security, and   $25.2 million   in expenditures incurred to develop internal-use software and website applications, including the development of our next generation Encompass platform. Additionally, we sold net   $16.3 million   of investments to fund these expenditures. 
  Cash used in investing activities of   $40.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   was primarily the result of   $20.7 million   for purchases of property and equipment, including capital improvements to our new corporate headquarters, investments to bolster our infrastructure and enhance our system capacity, reliability, and security and   $20.7 million   costs incurred to develop internal-use software and website applications, including the development of our next generation Encompass platform. We also received   $0.5 million   from net maturities of investments. 
  Financing Activities 
  Financing activities have consisted primarily of cash provided from the exercise of stock options and purchases under the employee stock purchase plan and excess tax benefits from   stock-based compensation  , reduced by the payments related to capital lease obligations, repurchases of common stock and tax payments related to shares withheld for vested restricted stock units, or RSUs.   In   May 2014  , our board of directors   approved a stock repurchase program under which   we are   authorized to repurchase up to     $75.0 million   of our   common stock   over a 36-month period ending in May 2017,   $43.5 million   of which remains available as of   September 30, 2016  . Under the program, purchases may be made from time to time on the open market, and will be funded from available working capital. In   August 2016  , we completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of   3,162,500   shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately   $271.4 million  , net of underwriting discounts, and offering costs and expenses of approximately   $13.2 million  , which will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, sales and marketing activities, general and administrative matters and capital expenditures and may also use a portion of the net proceeds for the acquisition of, or investment in, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our business. 
  Cash provided by financing activities of   $284.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   consisted primarily of   $271.4 million   in net proceeds from our August 2016 public offering of   3,162,500   shares of common stock,   $15.3 million   in proceeds from employee stock purchases and the exercise of stock options, and   $5.5 million   in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by   $7.7 million   in payments on capital leases and tax payments related to shares withheld for vested RSUs. 
  Cash provided by financing activities of   $1.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015   consisted primarily of   $12.8 million   in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and   $3.8 million   in excess tax benefits from   stock-based compensation  , offset by   $8.8 million   in common stock repurchases and   $5.9 million   in payments on capital leases and tax payments related to shares withheld for vested RSUs. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no off-balance sheet arrangements and operating leases were the only financing arrangements not reported on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   30 

Table of Contents     

Contractual Obligations 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our contractual payment obligations are as follows: 

Purchase obligations are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum services to be used; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations include noncancelable contractual obligations for the purchase of goods and services, licenses of third-party software, sponsorships, and construction commitments. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table above. 
   
  ITEM 3     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  W  e believe that there have been no significant changes in our market risk exposures for the   three and nine months ended September 30,     2016  , as compared with those discussed in our   2015 Form 10-K  . 
   
  ITEM 4     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents     

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  For a description of the material legal proceedings, please see Note   8   of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
                 ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS  

You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report. If any of the following risks materialize, our business could be materially harmed, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
  The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 1,  Financial Statements  and Part I, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  Because of the following risks, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.  
  Any future system interruptions that impair access to Encompass, the   Ellie Mae Network   or our other services could damage our reputation and brand and may substantially harm our business and operating results. 
  The satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of Encompass, the   Ellie Mae Network   and our other services, including our Encompass Compliance Service, are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain Encompass users and   Ellie Mae Network   participants. Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware and proprietary and third-party software, our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our customers. Internet-based services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released, and we have from time to time found errors and defects in our services and new errors and defects in our services may be detected in the future. 
  Moreover, we have experienced and may in the future continue to experience temporary system interruptions to Encompass, the   Ellie Mae Network  , or our other services for a variety of other reasons, including network failures, power failures, problems with Encompass and other third-party firmware updates, as well as an overwhelming number of Encompass users or   Ellie Mae Network   participants trying to access our services during periods of strong demand. In addition, our services may be subject to security or denial of services attacks which result in service interruptions or our customers may use our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers. Since our customers use our service for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation and brand, reduce our revenue, increase our operating expenses, negatively impact our ability to run our business, hinder our ability to enroll new customers, cause us to incur legal liability or issue refunds or service credits to our customers and cause us to lose current customers, all of which could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
  In addition, our two primary data centers, located in Santa Clara, California, and Chicago, Illinois, are hosted by a third-party service provider over which we maintain regular oversight but have little direct control. We depend on this third-party service provider to provide continuous and uninterrupted access to our products and services, including Encompass and the   Ellie Mae Network  . If for any reason our relationship with this third party were to end unexpectedly, it could require a significant amount of time to transition the hosting of our data centers to a new third-party service provider. We are also subject to interruptions beyond our and our third-party service provider s control, such as disruptions or congestion in the portions of the Internet linking us to our customers. We are dependent on third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our systems and because some of the causes of system interruptions may be outside of our control, we may not be able to remedy such interruptions in a timely manner. These interruptions may affect our customers  experience or cause us to lose customers, and may materially harm our reputation and operating results. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents     

Our failure to protect the confidential information of our Encompass users, our Ellie Mae Network participants, and their respective customers could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results. 
  We collect, process, transmit, and maintain certain confidential information relating to our Encompass users, our Ellie Mae Network participants and their respective customers, including personally identifiable information. This information resides on data center servers hosted by third-party providers, and is transmitted to, across, and from our networks. While we have security measures in place to protect this information and prevent security breaches, these security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, advanced persistent cyber-attacks (by hacktivists or cybercriminal organizations), employee error or malfeasance, service provider or vendor error, malfeasance or other intentional or unintentional acts by third parties. Furthermore, customer data, including personally identifiable information, may be lost, exposed, or subject to unauthorized access and/or use as a result of accidents, errors, or malfeasance by our employees, independent contractors, or others working with us or on our behalf. Our servers and systems, and those of our service providers, may also be vulnerable to computer malware, break-ins, denial-of service attacks, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers  data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. The possession and use of personal information in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require notification to customers in the event of a security breach, restrict our use of personal information, and hinder our ability to acquire new customers or market to existing customers. 
  We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches or the loss or exposure of confidential information or other information we maintain or process. Any actual or perceived compromise of our security could result in the loss of customer data, intellectual property or trade secrets, and could damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers, adversely affect investor confidence, and expose us to a risk of litigation or regulatory actions and orders,  penalties for violation of applicable laws, regulations, or contractual obligations and/or other liabilities, which would substantially harm our business and operating results. We will need to expend significant resources to protect against and remedy any potential security breaches and their consequences, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. 
  Our future performance will be highly dependent on our ability to continue to attract Encompass customers and grow revenues from new on-demand services. 
  To maintain or increase our revenues, we must increase the number of users of our on-demand Encompass software and other services. We cannot guarantee our on-demand SaaS strategy, including our   Success Based Pricing   model, will continue to be successful. If we are unable to increase the number of Encompass customers or users of our other services, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
  Our success will depend, to a large extent, on the willingness of mortgage lenders to continue to accept the SaaS model for delivering software applications that they view as critical to the success of their business. Our success will depend on our ability to convince enterprises using on-premise enterprise software solutions to invest significant personnel and financial resources to migrate to our SaaS offering. We will need to continue to expand and optimize our sales infrastructure in order to grow our customer base and our business. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them in the use of our software requires significant time, expense, and attention. Our business may be adversely affected if our efforts to expand and train our direct sales force do not generate a corresponding increase in revenues. 
  It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our services, the future growth rate and size of the SaaS market or the entry of competitive applications. The growth of the SaaS market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with SaaS offerings, as well as the ability of SaaS companies to address security and reliability concerns. If other SaaS providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for SaaS applications as a whole, including our own products and services, may be negatively affected. If there is a reduction in demand for SaaS caused by technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies, and products, decreases in corporate spending or otherwise, it could result in decreased revenues and our business could be adversely affected. 
  Our future performance will be highly dependent on our ability to expand the use of settlement services on, and increase the number of transactions effected through, the   Ellie Mae Network  . 
  To grow our base of   Ellie Mae Network   participants, we and settlement service providers must continue to enhance the features and functionality of offerings to them. In addition, increasing the number of settlement service transactions effected through the   Ellie Mae Network   will depend, in part, on settlement service providers enhancing their technical capabilities, which is largely beyond our control. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents     

We must also convince a variety of potential   Ellie Mae Network   participants, including mortgage lenders, originators, settlement service providers, and mega lenders, of the benefits of electronic origination and network participation as compared to traditional mortgage origination methods including paper, facsimile, courier, mail, and email. 
  We cannot guarantee that our   Ellie Mae Network   and other service offerings will achieve market acceptance. In the event these efforts are not successful, our business and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 
  We cannot accurately predict subscription renewal or upgrade rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenues and operating results. 
  Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our service after the expiration of their initial subscription period, which ranges from   one   to   five years  . They may also choose to renew their subscriptions at lower levels. In addition, in the first year of a subscription, customers often purchase a higher level of professional services than they do in renewal years. As a result, our ability to grow is dependent in part on customers purchasing additional subscriptions and services after the initial subscription term. We cannot accurately predict renewal rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our customers  renewal rates may decline or fluctuate because of several factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our services, the prices of our services, the prices of services offered by our competitors or reductions in our customers  spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services, renew on less favorable terms or do not purchase additional subscriptions or services, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our profitability and gross margin percentage may be harmed. 
  Mortgage lending volume was significantly higher in 2015 and in the first three quarters of 2016 than in 2014, but may decrease during the remainder of 2016 and future years, which could materially adversely affect our business. 
  Mortgage lending volume was higher for the first three quarters of 2016 than it was in 2015 and was also higher in 2015 than it was in 2014, but may decrease during the fourth quarter of 2016 and future years, which could materially adversely affect our business. Factors that adversely impact mortgage lending volumes include increasing mortgage interest rates, reduced consumer and investor demand for mortgages, more stringent underwriting guidelines, decreased liquidity in the secondary mortgage market, high levels of unemployment, high levels of consumer debt, lower consumer confidence, changes in tax and other regulatory policies, the number of existing mortgages eligible for refinancing, and other macroeconomic factors. 
  Mortgage interest rates are influenced by a number of factors, including monetary policy. In December 2015, the Federal Reserve Bank raised the target federal funds rate from near zero to between 0.25% and 0.50% and signaled that the federal funds rate could be increased further over the next several years. The increase in the federal funds rate may cause mortgage interest rates to rise. Increases in mortgage interest rates could reduce the volume of new mortgages originated, in particular the volume of mortgage refinancings. Additionally, because the ratio of applications to closed loans typically is greater with refinancings than with purchase loans, a continued decrease in refinancings could result in fewer mortgage applications per funded loan. Since we generate some   Ellie Mae Network   revenues during the application process, regardless of whether the loan is eventually funded, this may negatively impact our transaction based revenue. In addition, our on-demand revenues typically, but not always, track the seasonality of the residential mortgage industry, with increased activity in the second and third quarter and reduced activity in the first and fourth quarters as home buyers tend to purchase their homes during the spring and summer in order to move to a new home before the start of the school year. As a result, a higher percentage of our on-demand revenues have historically been recognized during those quarters. 
  We   currently estimate that approximately     35%   to   45%   of our revenues   have some direct sensitivity to volume  . A decrease in residential mortgage volumes could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, a significant decrease in mortgage volume could negatively impact our customers, resulting in a reduction of their Encompass users, consolidation with other lenders or cessation of operations. If any of these occurs, it could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. 
  We expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 
  Our revenues and operating results have in the past varied and could in the future vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be indicative of future operating results.  In addition to other risk factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include: 
             
    the number of Encompass users; 
                
    the volume of mortgages originated by Encompass users, especially users on our   Success Based Pricing   model; 
                
    transaction volume on the   Ellie Mae Network  ; 
                
    fluctuations in mortgage lending volume; 
     
   34 

     Table of Contents     

the relative mix of purchase and refinance volume handled by Encompass users; 
                
    the level of demand for our services; 
                
    the timing of the introduction and acceptance of   Ellie Mae Network   offerings and new on-demand services; 
                
    any write-downs in the value of our property and equipment, goodwill or intangible assets as a result of our investment or acquisition activities; 
                
    costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other litigation claims; and 
                
    changes in government regulation affecting   Ellie Mae Network   participants or our business. 
     Due to these and other factors, our future results may not reach our financial projections. In addition, our operating results in future periods may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who follow our company, which could cause our stock price to decline rapidly and significantly. The results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future operating performance. 
  Since part of our sales efforts are targeted at larger customers, our sales cycle may become longer and more expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 
  Part of our business strategy is to target larger mortgage lenders that handle greater volumes of loans. As we target more of our sales efforts at larger customers, we could face greater costs, longer sales cycles, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In this market, the customer s decision to use our products and services may be an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, this type of sale could require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our products and services. In addition, larger customers may demand more complex integration, implementation services, and features. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities may require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. 
  Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 
  We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, which has placed a strain on our management and administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Additional investments in our implementation capabilities, technical support, technical operations, research and development, and general and administrative functions will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, address the needs of our customers, further develop and enhance our products and services, and scale with the overall growth of our company. 
  In addition, professional services, such as implementation services, are a key aspect of on-boarding new customers. The implementation process is complicated and we will need to scale our capabilities in this area to meet future revenue targets. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer s dissatisfaction with our products and services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that customer. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers. 
  Our growth strategy will require significant expenditures and resources to improve our technology, systems, and operational infrastructure in order to support a growing number of customers. We will need to make such expenditures with no assurance that the volume of our business or revenues will actually increase. 
  Our strategy of growing our business and increasing the number of Encompass users has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our technology systems and operational infrastructure. As our operations grow in size, scope, and complexity, we will need to expand, improve, and upgrade our technology systems and, operational infrastructure, including our data centers to offer an increasing number of customers enhanced solutions, features and functionality, and to ensure that our services are reliable. 
  Our growth and the improvement of our technology systems and operational infrastructure will require significant lead time and substantial financial, operational and technical resources in advance of the anticipated increase in the volume of business, with no assurance that the volume of business or our revenues will actually increase. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents     

If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features and modifications to our services, our business could be adversely affected. Further, impairment of software-related assets and other assets may materially adversely affect our operating results. 
  If we are unable to provide enhancements, new features, and modifications of our existing services, including the successful completion and deployment of our next generation Encompass platform and changes to our services to reflect changes in laws and regulations relating to residential mortgage lending, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. In addition, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in Internet-related and mobile-related technologies and other software, communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market in a timely fashion which could increase our costs and adversely affect our business. The failure of our services to operate effectively with future technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business. 
  We have invested and continue to invest significant resources to develop and acquire technology related to our services that is capitalized to property and equipment or intangible assets and treated as an asset on our balance sheet. We may not launch this new technology, the launch of such technology may result in disruptions to our business operations or such technology might not meet our and our customers  expectations. Also, changes to any of our implementation strategies or the failure of this technology to meet our and our customers  expectations could result in the impairment of software-related assets, and our future operating results could be materially adversely affected if we are required to write down the carrying value of capitalized software development or other intangible assets. 
  We have experienced rapid growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and operational controls or adequately address competitive challenges. 
  We have experienced, and are continuing to experience, a period of rapid growth in our customers, headcount, and operations. In particular, we grew from approximately 270 employees as of December 31, 2011 to approximately   1,024   employees as of   September 30, 2016  , and have also significantly increased the number of customers and active users of Encompass. We anticipate that we will significantly expand our operations and headcount in the near term, and will continue to expand our customer base. This growth has placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, general and administrative resources, and operational infrastructure. 
  Our success will depend in part on our ability to manage this growth effectively and to scale our operations. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. As we continue to grow, we also need to ensure that our policies and procedures evolve to reflect our current operations and are appropriately communicated to and observed by employees, and that we appropriately manage our corporate information assets, including confidential and proprietary information. Failure to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in deploying customers, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely impact our business performance and results of operations. 
  Completing and integrating future acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition, and operating results or dilute or adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
  Our success will depend in part on our ability to expand our solutions and services and to grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may pursue growth through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions or technologies rather than through internal development. For example, in October 2015, we acquired substantially all the assets of Mortgage Returns, LLC, a company that provides on-demand CRM, and marketing automation solutions for the mortgage industry. In   October 2014  , we   acquired substantially all the assets of   Mortgage Resource Center, Inc., dba   AllRegs  ,   a provider of research and reference, education, documentation, and data analytics products relating to the mortgage industry  . 
  The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions successfully. Moreover, if such acquisitions require us to seek additional debt or equity financing, we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us or at all. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks which may have a negative impact on our results of operations, including: 
             
    write-offs of acquired assets or investments; 
                
    potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 
                
    unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 
                
    unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology; 
                
    limitations to our ability to recognize revenue from acquired deferred revenue; 
     
   36 

     Table of Contents     

depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed assets, and deferred compensation; and 
                
    adverse tax consequences of any such acquisitions. 
     Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to assimilate and integrate effectively the acquired business, technologies, solutions, assets, personnel or operations, particularly if key personnel of an acquired company decide not to work for us. We may encounter difficulty in incorporating acquired technologies into our service and maintaining the quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation. In addition, we may issue debt or equity securities to complete an acquisition, which could dilute our stockholders  ownership and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
  The residential mortgage industry is heavily regulated and changes in current legislation or new legislation could adversely affect our business. 
  The U.S. mortgage industry is heavily regulated. Federal and state governments and agencies could enact legislation or other policies that could negatively impact the business of our Encompass users and other   Ellie Mae Network   participants. Any changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations that increase restrictions on the residential mortgage industry may decrease residential mortgage volume or otherwise limit the ability of our Encompass users and   Ellie Mae Network   participants to operate their businesses, resulting in decreased usage of our solutions. 
  Changes in current legislation or new legislation may increase our costs by requiring us to update our products and services and if our products and services fail to address relevant laws and regulations our business could be adversely affected. 
  Changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations relating to the residential mortgage industry may require us to incur significant costs to update our products and services so that our customers remain compliant with such laws and regulation. Our Encompass Compliance Service analyzes mortgage loan data for compliance with consumer protection laws and institutionally mandated compliance policies and must continually be updated to incorporate changes to such laws and policies. The Dodd-Frank Act has caused and will continue to cause us to make similar updates to Encompass, Encompass Product and Pricing Service, Encompass Docs Solution, TQL, and the Ellie Mae Network to address, among other things, regulations that protect consumers against unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices by lenders. For example, additional tools and product updates were required to address the Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage and Federal and State High Cost rules that became effective in January 2014. In addition, we have updated certain products to comply with the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule changes and the 2013 Loan Originator Rule under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) (TILA-RESPA Amendments) that became effective October 3, 2015. The final rule amending Regulation C to implement amendments to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act made by section 1094 of the Dodd-Frank Act was published on October 15, 2015. It contained various effective compliance dates, starting with January 1, 2017 through May 30, 2020. The final "Qualified Residential Mortgage" rule which implements the risk retention requirements in the Dodd-Frank Act became effective on December 24, 2015.  On August 23, 2016 Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac published the first material updates to the Uniform Residential Loan Application (URLA) in more than 20 years which will become effective in 2018. These additions and updates have caused us to incur significant expense, and future updates will likely similarly cause us to incur significant expense. In addition, if our products and services fail to address relevant laws and regulations, we could be subject to claims by our customers that we have breached our customer contracts as well as potential claims by borrowers or government agencies. Such claims could result in substantial costs and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Furthermore, if our products and services fail to address relevant laws and regulations this could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation and brand, hinder our ability to enroll new customers and cause us to lose current customers, all of which could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
  Potential structural changes in the U.S. residential mortgage industry, in particular plans to diminish the role of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, could disrupt the residential mortgage market and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac play a very important role in providing liquidity, stability, and affordability in the current U.S. residential mortgage market. In particular, they participate in the secondary mortgage market by purchasing mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities for investment and by issuing guaranteed mortgage-related securities. Since 2011, there have been numerous proposals made by the Obama Administration and proposed legislation within the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives which would wind down or recapitalize Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and/or eliminate or reduce the government s role in the housing market. The passage of any of these bills into law or any significant structural change to the U.S. residential mortgage industry may cause significant disruption to the residential mortgage market. If we are unable to react effectively and quickly to changes in the residential mortgage industry, our business could be harmed. 
  
   37 

     Table of Contents     

We may be limited in the way in which we market our business or generate revenue by U.S. federal law prohibiting referral fees in real estate transactions, and if we are found to be in violation of such laws we would be subject to significant liability. 
   The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( RESPA ) generally prohibits the payment or receipt of fees or any other thing of value for the referral of business related to a residential real estate settlement service and prohibits fee shares or splits or unearned fees in connection with the provision of such services. Encompass software and services and the   Ellie Mae Network   were designed with payment methods that are intended to comply with the restrictions under RESPA. Nonetheless, RESPA may restrict our ability to enter into marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties for existing or newly developed products and services, particularly to the extent that such arrangements may be characterized as involving payments for the referral of residential real estate settlement service business. Additionally, any amendments to RESPA, court opinions interpreting the provisions of RESPA, or changes in the manner that RESPA is interpreted by the regulatory agencies responsible for enforcing RESPA, that result in restrictions on our current payment methods, or any determination that our payment methods have been and currently are subject to the restrictions under RESPA, could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were found to be in violation of RESPA rules, we would be exposed to significant potential liability that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
  We depend on key and highly skilled personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain our current or hire additional personnel, our ability to develop and successfully market our business could be harmed. 
  We believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, technical, finance, creative, and sales and marketing personnel. Moreover, we believe that our future success is highly dependent on the contributions of our named executive officers. All of our officers and other employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. In addition, the loss of any key employees or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel could delay the development and introduction of, and harm our ability to sell, our solutions and harm the market s perception of us. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing sales, operational and managerial requirements, or may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. If we are unable to attract and retain the qualified personnel we need to succeed, our business will suffer. 
  Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Our named executive officers are vested in a substantial amount of stock options and   Performance Awards  . Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the vested options, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly above the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to retain our named executive officers or other key employees, our business will be harmed. 
  We operate in a highly competitive market, which could make it difficult for us to attract and retain Encompass users and   Ellie Mae Network   participants. 
  The mortgage origination software market is highly competitive. There are many software providers that compete with us by offering loan origination software to mortgage originators, such as:   Byte Software Inc., a subsidiary of CBCInnovis  ;   Calyx Technology, Inc.  ;   DH Corporation  ; Lending QB,   Mortgage Builder Software, Inc., a subsidiary of Altisource Portfolio Solutions SA  ; Mortgage Cadence, which is owned by Accenture PLC; Wipro Gallagher Solutions, which is owned by Wipro, Ltd.; and LoanSphere Empower and LoanSphere LendingSpace, which are owned by Black Knight Financial Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. Some software providers, including   Calyx Technology, Inc.   and Black Knight Financial Services, LLC, also provide connectivity between their software users and lenders and service providers to make such services available to mortgage lenders. We also compete with compliance, document preparation service, and product eligibility and pricing service providers that are more established than us. There is vigorous competition among providers of these services and we may not succeed in convincing potential customers using other services to switch to ours. In addition, some of our competitors are consolidating which facilitates greater cross-selling of services, which could weaken our ability to differentiate our offering in the market. Some of our competitors also offer services on a per closed loan basis, which could adversely impact the effectiveness of our   Success Based Pricing   strategy for increasing the number of Encompass customers. If we are unsuccessful in competing effectively by providing attractive functionality, customer service or value, we could lose existing Encompass users to our competitors and our ability to attract new Encompass users could be harmed. 
  There are many service providers that offer our Encompass users competing services, including borrower-facing websites, customer relationship management solutions, document preparation services, compliance services, product eligibility and pricing services, and electronic document management services. We may be unsuccessful in continuing to differentiate our Encompass service offerings to the extent necessary to effectively compete in some or all of these markets. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents     

The   Ellie Mae Network   is only available to mortgage originators using Encompass. The principal alternative to the use of the   Ellie Mae Network   by Encompass users remains traditional methods of exchanging data and documents among mortgage industry participants by email, facsimile, phone, courier, and mail. In addition, mortgage originators may use standalone web browsers to go individually to each investor, lender or service provider s website, and then manually upload loan data or enter information into the website. Mortgage originators may continue to use these methods due to habit, personal business relationships or otherwise. The success of the   Ellie Mae Network   depends on our ability to achieve and offer access to both the critical mass of investors, lenders, and service providers necessary to attract and retain mortgage originators using Encompass on the   Ellie Mae Network   and the critical mass of active mortgage originators necessary to attract and retain investors, lenders, and service providers on our network. 
  Some of our actual and potential competitors have longer operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do and, as a result, these companies may be able to respond more quickly to changes in regulations, new technologies or customer demands, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their software and services than we can. In addition, we may face increased competition as a result of continuing industry consolidation. We expect the mortgage origination market to continue to attract new competitors and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures we face will not materially adversely affect our business. 
  Failure to adapt to technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our solutions to our customers. 
  If new industry standards and practices emerge, or if competitors introduce new solutions embodying new services or technologies, Encompass and the   Ellie Mae Network   technology may become obsolete. Our future success will depend on our ability to: 
             
    enhance our existing solutions; 
                
    develop and potentially license new solutions and technologies that address the needs of our prospective customers; and 
                
    respond to changes in industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. 
     We must continue to enhance the features and functionality of Encompass, other Encompass services, and the   Ellie Mae Network  . The effective performance, reliability, and availability of Encompass, Encompass services, and the   Ellie Mae Network   infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain Encompass users and   Ellie Mae Network   participants. If we do not continue to make investments in product development and, as a result, or due to other reasons, fail to attract new and retain existing mortgage originators, lenders, investors, and service providers, we may lose existing   Ellie Mae Network   participants, which could significantly decrease the value of the   Ellie Mae Network   to all participants and materially adversely affect our business. 
  We are subject to the risks of current and future legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. 
  At any given time, we are a defendant in various legal proceedings and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business including commercial and employment disputes. We can give no assurance that the outcome of any such matter would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our profitability at this time, and any views we form as to the viability of these claims or the financial exposure in which they could result, could change from time to time as the matters proceed through their course, as facts are established, and various judicial determinations are made. 
  If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are secured against us, we may incur charges which may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and future prospects. 
  Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could harm our business. 
  The protection of our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary Encompass software and   Ellie Mae Network   technology, is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret law, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. Our present and future patents may provide only limited protection for our technology and may not be sufficient to provide competitive advantage to us. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee any patents will be issued to us as a result of our patent applications. We also rely in part on confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, independent contractors, and consultants. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our   Ellie Mae Network   and Encompass features and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. Enforcing our proprietary rights is difficult and may not always be effective. 
  
   39 

     Table of Contents     

We have registered  Ellie Mae,   Encompass,   Mortgage Returns,  and  AllRegs  and certain of our other trademarks as trademarks in the United States. Competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to customer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of the terms Ellie Mae, Encompass or our other trademarks. 
  Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States and abroad may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our patent and copyright rights, trade secrets and domain names, and determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business. 
  Assertions that we infringe third-party intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business. 
  Other parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. For example, in the third quarter of 2014, we settled a patent infringement lawsuit in which it was alleged that our Encompass system infringed certain patents. In addition, we generally agree to indemnify our customers against legal claims that our software products infringe intellectual property rights of third parties and, in the event of an infringement, to modify or replace the infringing product or, if those options are not reasonably possible, to refund the cost of the software, as pro-rated over a period of years. We cannot predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or claims arising from such assertions will substantially harm our business and operating results. If we are forced to defend against any infringement claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, we may face costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to: pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys  fees if the infringement were found to be willful; cease providing solutions that allegedly incorporate the intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign or re-engineer our solutions and products, if feasible; and enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. We cannot be certain of the outcome of any litigation. Any royalty or licensing agreement, if required, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale or distribution of some of our products and services and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Our internal information technology systems are critical to our business. System integration and implementation issues could disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business or results in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls. 
  We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, including systems for customer billing, human resources, enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management.  As our business has grown in size and complexity, the growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our internal information technology systems. To effectively manage this growth, we must commit significant financial and personnel resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop or acquire new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in our business and information processing technology as well as evolving industry, regulatory and accounting standards.  If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is determined to be inaccurate or unreliable, if we fail to properly maintain or enhance our internal information technology systems, we could have operational disruptions, have customer disputes, lose our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports, have significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls, have increases in operating and administrative expenses, or suffer other adverse consequences. 
  If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements could be impaired, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiencies, and ultimately have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
  As a publicly-traded company, we are subject to compliance with, among other regulations, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX, which requires that we test our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Our compliance with SOX requires that we incur substantial expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could harm our operating results and lead to a decline in our stock price. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, regulatory investigations, civil or criminal sanctions, and class action litigation. 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents     

As a third-party technology service provider of mission-critical products and services to many financial institutions that are regulated by one or more member agencies of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, or FFIEC, we are subject to an IT examination by the member agencies of the FFIEC. As a result, the FFIEC conducts recurring IT Examinations in order to identify existing or potential risks associated with our operations that could adversely affect the financial institutions to whom we provide products and services, evaluate our risk management systems, and controls and determine our compliance with applicable laws that affect the products and services we provide to financial institutions. In addition to examining areas such as our management of technology, data integrity, information confidentiality, and service availability, the reviews also assess our financial stability. In June 2014, the FDIC, a member agency of the FFIEC, completed its IT examination, and found that, while the services we provide to our client banks are satisfactory, several matters required further attention, some of which were repeat findings and recommendations from the FDIC s 2012 examination. Although management has developed a plan for addressing these matters, we cannot be assured that the plan will satisfy the FDIC or applicable law. A sufficiently unfavorable review from the FFIEC in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
  If one or more U.S. states or local jurisdictions successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect additional sales or use taxes on our fees, we could be subject to additional liability with respect to past or future sales, and the results of our operations could be adversely affected. 
  We do not collect state and local sales and use taxes on all sales in all jurisdictions in which our customers are located, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Sales and use tax laws and rates vary by jurisdiction and such laws are subject to interpretation. Jurisdictions in which we do not collect sales and use taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in the assessment of such taxes, interest, and penalties, and we could be required to collect such taxes in the future. This additional sales and use tax liability could adversely affect the results of our operations. 
  Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods, and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism. 
  Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, and similar events. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Our corporate offices and one of the facilities we lease to house our computer and telecommunications equipment are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas with higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our customers  businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting the San Francisco Bay Area, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. 
  Our stock price is volatile and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
  The trading price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section and elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, these factors include: 
             
    our operating performance and the operating performance of similar companies; 
                
    the overall performance of the equity markets; 
                
    the number of shares our common stock publicly owned and available for trading; 
                
    threatened or actual litigation; 
                
    changes in laws or regulations relating to our solutions; 
                
    any major change in our board of directors or management; 
                
    publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
                
    large volumes of sales of our shares of common stock by existing stockholders; and 
                
    general political and economic conditions. 
     In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and harm our business. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents     

Our stock repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. 
  Our board of directors previously   approved a stock repurchase program under which   we are   authorized to repurchase up to     $75.0 million     of our   common stock   over a 36-month period ending in May 2017,   $43.5 million   of which remains available as of   September 30, 2016  . Such stock repurchases may be limited, suspended, or terminated at any time without prior notice. There can be no assurance that we will repurchase additional shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program or that any future repurchases will have a positive impact on the trading price of our common stock or earnings per share. Important factors that could cause us to limit, suspend or terminate our stock repurchase program include, among others, unfavorable market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, the nature of other investment or strategic opportunities presented to us from time to time, the rate of dilution of our equity compensation programs, the availability of adequate funds, and our ability to make appropriate, timely, and beneficial decisions as to when, how, and whether to purchase shares under the stock repurchase program. If we limit, suspend or terminate our stock repurchase program, our stock price may be negatively affected. 
  If securities or industry analysts discontinue publishing research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. 
  The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline. 
  Certain provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment. 
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our board of directors. These provisions include: 
             
    a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 
                
    no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
                
    the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
                
    the ability of our board of directors to determine to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
                
    a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
                
    the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 
                
    advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
     We are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents     

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any  affiliated purchaser  (as the term is defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of our common stock during the   three months ended September 30,     2016  : 
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

_________________ 
   (1)     In May 2014, our board of directors   approved a stock repurchase program under which   we are   authorized to repurchase up to     $75.0 million   of our   common stock  , which expires in   May 2017  . Shares under the program are retired upon the repurchase. Amount remaining to be purchased are exclusive of commissions. 
   
  ITEM 3     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  Not applicable.  
   
  ITEM 4     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable.  
   
  ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
  Not applicable.  
  
   43 

Table of Contents     

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
    
                 Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 

1.1(1) 
    Underwriting Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2016, by and among Ellie Mae, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule 1 thereto. 

4.1(2) 
    Form of Indenture. 

10.1# 
    Offer Letter, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and between Ellie Mae, Inc. and Melanie Scott (Simpson). 

10.2 
    Second Amendment to Lease, dated as of July 21, 2016, by and between Ellie Mae, Inc. and SFI Pleasanton, LLC. 

31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1* 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2* 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

_________________ 
                 (1) 
    Previously filed as exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 9, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 
    Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, filed on August 1, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

* 
    Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and shall not be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated in such filing. 

# 
    Indicated management contract or compensatory plan. 

44 

Table of Contents     

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ELLIE MAE, INC. 

Date:  
    November 1, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Edgar A. Luce 

Edgar A. Luce 

Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and duly authorized signatory) 

45 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101-melaniescottofferlet.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

May 18, 2016 

Melanie Scott 

Dear Melanie: 
    
  Ellie Mae, Inc. (the  Company ) is pleased to offer you employment on the following terms: 
    
  1.  Position  .  Your title will be Executive Vice President, Human Resources, reporting to Jonathan Corr, Chief Executive Officer. You will be responsible for leading the human resources organization, continue to develop and implement comprehensive talent strategies and programs for the company. 
    
  2.  No Conflicting Obligations; Compliance with Company Policies, Laws and Regulations  .  By signing this letter, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company or that would conflict with the Company s interests. In the course of your employment with Company, you will be subject to and required to comply with all company policies, and applicable laws and regulations.   
    
  3.  Cash Compensation  .  The Company will pay you a starting salary of $300,000 per year.  In addition, we will provide you a one-time signing bonus of $100,000 payable 60 days after your start date. If you were to resign within the first year of employment, you acknowledge and agree to pay back the $100,000 signing bonus from your final check or personal check upon separation from the Company.  
    
  4.  Equity Award.    We will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors to issue equity to you with a grant date fair value of $1,200,000. The equity award will be restricted stock units (RSUs) which vest on an annual basis over four years. The Board of Directors meets on a quarterly basis to approve new hire grants, the next Board meeting will take place in August of 2016.  
    
                             You are also eligible, in follow on years, for refresher grants annually, at the EVP HR target level, currently at $600,000 equity value. These refresher grants are awarded under the Sr. Executive Performance Share Award program. Under the Performance Share Award program half of target grant value will be RSUs, and the 2   nd    half is subject to meeting the corporate performance objectives. Depending on the corporate performance objectives of this plan, this portion of the equity grant can be from 0 to 200%. 
  5.  Bonus Program:    You will be eligible for an Annual Cash Bonus Program with a target incentive bonus of 50% of your annual base salary. The payout for 2016 typically occurs in March of the following year. Depending on company and individual performance, the payout can be from 0 to 200% of eligibility.  
    
  6.  Employee Benefits  .  As a regular employee of the Company, you will be given the opportunity to participate in all Company-sponsored benefits for which you meet the eligibility criteria. In addition, you will accrue paid time off (PTO) hours equal to 160 hours per year (4-weeks) from your date of hire. Ellie Mae will also provide you with a one million dollar executive term life insurance policy subject to insurance carr  ier approval. 
    
  7.  Relocation Reimbursement:    We will provide you with a relocation allowance intended to cover costs to relocate your household items, vehicle(s), pets, home hunting trip, travel costs for you and family for the relocation, and temporary house needs as determined. 
    
  8.  Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement  .  Like all Company employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with the Company, to sign the Company s standard Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as   Exhibit A  . 

9.  Employment Relationship  .  Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time.  Your employment with the Company will be  at will,  meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause.  Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer.  This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term of your employment.  Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the  at will  nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
    
  10.  Outside Activities  .  While you render services to the Company, you agree that you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity without the prior written consent of the Company.  While you render services to the Company, you also will not assist any person or entity in competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in recruiting, preparing to hire or hiring any employees or consultants of the Company. 
    
  11.  Withholding Taxes  .  All forms of compensation referred to in this letter are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. 
    
  12.  Arbitration  .  You and the Company agree to waive any rights to a trial before a judge or jury and agree to arbitrate before a neutral arbitrator any and all claims or disputes arising out of this letter agreement and any and all claims arising from or relating to your employment with the Company, including (but not limited to) claims against any current or former employee, director or agent of the Company, claims of wrongful termination, retaliation, discrimination, harassment, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, invasion of privacy, fraud, misrepresentation, constructive discharge or failure to provide a leave of absence, claims regarding commissions, stock options or bonuses, infliction of emotional distress or unfair business practices. 
    
  The arbitrator s decision must be written and must include the findings of fact and law that support the decision.  The arbitrator s decision will be final and binding on both parties, except to the extent applicable law allows for judicial review of arbitration awards.  The arbitrator may award any remedies that would otherwise be available to the parties if they were to bring the dispute in court.  The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association; provided, however that the arbitrator must allow the discovery authorized by the California Arbitration Act or that the arbitrator deems necessary for you and the Company to vindicate your respective claims or defenses.  The arbitration will take place in San Francisco, CA.  
  The Company will bear the cost of the arbitrator s fee and any other type of expense or cost that you would not be required to bear if you were to bring the dispute or claim in court.  Both the Company and you will be responsible for your own attorneys  fees, and the arbitrator may not award attorneys  fees unless a statute or contract at issue specifically authorizes such an award. 
  This arbitration provision does not apply to the following:  (a)  workers  compensation or unemployment insurance claims, (b) claims concerning the validity, infringement or enforceability of any trade secret, patent right, copyright or any other trade secret or intellectual property held or sought by either you or the Company (whether or not arising under the Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement between you and the Company), (c) the rights of California employees to seek a Behrman hearing of wage claims before the California Division of Labor Standards of Enforcement; provided, however, that any appeal from an award entered following a Behrman hearing shall be brought in arbitration; and (d) any claims that you cannot be required, as a matter of law, to arbitrate. 
  If an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction (the  Neutral ) determines that any provision of this arbitration provision is illegal or unenforceable, then the Neutral shall modify or replace the language of this arbitration provision with a valid and enforceable provision only to the minimum extent necessary to render this arbitration provision legal and enforceable. 
  13.  Choice of Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.  Please indicate your  

agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating the enclosed offer letter and the Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and returning them to me.  As required by law, your employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States. 
    
  We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company. You may indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating the enclosed offer letter and the Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement and returning them to me. This offer, if not accepted, will expire at the close of business on May 26, 2016.  
  As required by law, your employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Furthermore, this offer is being made contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check subject to your permission for the Company to procure consumer reports about you (including, but not limited to, information from the motor vehicle department, credit, criminal, prior employment and education records). We look forward to discussing a potential starting timeline.   If you have any questions, please call me at 925-227-7007. 
                       
                                               Very truly yours, 

ELLIE MAE, INC. 

/s/ Lisa Bruun 
      Lisa Bruun 
      Senior Vice President of Human Resources 

I have read and accept this employment offer: 

/s/ Melanie Scott 
        
      Signature of: Melanie Scott 
        
      Dated: 5/20/2016 
        
      Exhibit A: Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex102-secondamendmenttohql.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
  This SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE ("  Second Amendment  ") is made and entered into as of July 19, 2016, by and between SFI PLEASANTON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("  Landlord  "), and ELLIE MAE, INC., a Delaware corporation ("  Tenant  "). 
  R E C I T A L S     : 
  A.    Landlord and Tenant are parties to the Lease dated July 14, 2014 (the "  Original     Lease  "), whereby currently leases approximately 137,169 rentable square feet of space (the "  Existing Premises  ") on the first (1   st   ), third (3   rd   ), fourth (4   th   ) and fifth (5   th   ) floors of the office building located at 4420 Rosewood Drive, Pleasanton, California ("  4420     Building  "). The Original Lease, as amended by the First Amendment to Lease dated July 9, 2015 (the "  First Amendment  "), is referred to herein as the "  Lease  ". 
  B.    Landlord and Tenant desire to expand the Existing Premises to include approximately 143,515 rentable square feet of space (the "  4430     Expansion Premises  ") on the third (3   rd   ), fourth (4   th   ), fifth (5   th   ) and sixth (6   th   ) floors of another building in the Project, located at 4430 Rosewood Drive (the "  4430 Building  "), also owned by Landlord, as shown on   Exhibit A   attached hereto, and to make other modifications to the Lease, and in connection therewith, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease as hereinafter provided. 
  A G R E E M E N T     : 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
  1.  Capitalized Terms  .  All capitalized terms when used herein shall have the same meaning as is given such terms in the Lease unless expressly superseded by the terms of this Second Amendment. 
  2.        Modification of Premises  .  Effective as of April 1, 2017 (the "  Initial     Expansion Commencement Date  "), Tenant shall lease the fifth (5   th   ) and sixth (6   th   ) floors of the 4430 Expansion Premises (the "  Initial 4430 Expansion Premises  "), containing approximately 69,514 rentable square feet of space. Effective as of February 1, 2018 (the "  Second Expansion Commencement Date  "), Tenant shall lease the third (3   rd   ) and fourth (4   th   ) floors of the 4430 Expansion Premises (the "  Second 4430 Expansion Premises  "), containing approximately 74,001 rentable square feet. For purposes of the Lease, the Existing Premises and the 4430 Expansion Premises may hereinafter collectively be referred to as the "  Premises  ."  
  3.        Lease Term  .   
  3.1.        Existing Premises  .  The term of Tenant's lease of the Existing Premises is currently scheduled to expire on December 31, 2024 (the "  Lease Expiration Date  ").  

-  1  - 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to extend the Lease Expiration Date for a period of one (1) year, to be December 31, 2025 (the "  One Year Extension  ").  
  3.2.        4430 Expansion Premises  .  The term of Tenant's lease of each portion of the 4430 Expansion Premises (collectively, the "  4430     Expansion Term  ") shall commence on the Initial Expansion Commencement Date and Second Expansion Commencement Date, as applicable, and shall expire on the Lease Expiration Date (as extended as provided above) subject to extension as provided in   Section 44   of the Lease (Option to Renew), unless sooner terminated as provided in the Lease, as hereby amended. 
  3.3.        Option to Renew  . Separate and apart from the option to renew the Lease with respect to the Existing Premises (as provided in   Section 44   of the Original Lease), Landlord hereby grants Tenant one (1) option to renew Tenant's lease of the 4430 Expansion Premises for a period of five (5) years (the "  4430 Renewal Term  "), on the same terms and conditions as set forth in   Section 44   of the Original Lease (the "  4430 Renewal Option  "). In connection with the 4430 Renewal Option only, Tenant shall have the right, concurrently with Tenant's delivery of the Renewal Notice, to elect not to renew the Lease with respect to either one (1) or two (2) full floors of the 4430 Expansion Premises (the "  Non-Renewal Space  "), which Non-Renewal Space shall be contiguous, and be either the top or bottommost floors of the 4430 Expansion Premises (the "  Reduction Election  "). If Tenant makes such a Reduction Election, then Tenant shall be required to vacate and surrender the Non-Renewal Space, in accordance with all of the applicable terms of the Lease, on or before the commencement of the 4430 Renewal Term. If Tenant has constructed any internal staircase connecting the Non-Renewal Space to any of the 4430 Expansion Premises that will continue to be leased by Tenant, then prior to such surrender Tenant shall be required to remove such staircase and return the applicable portions of the 4430 Building to the condition existing prior to the installation thereof, at Tenant's sole cost and expense. If Tenant fails to so vacate and surrender the Non-Renewal Space, the terms of   Section 14   of the Original Lease shall apply. 
  4.        Rent  . 
  4.1.        Existing Premises  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease as hereby amended, Tenant shall continue to pay Monthly Installments of Rent for the Existing Premises in accordance with the terms of   Article 3   of the Lease and the terms of the First Amendment. During the One Year Extension, the Monthly Installment of Rent for the Existing Premises shall be increased by 3% over the prior year's Monthly Installment of Rent, to equal (i) $354,296.67 per month for the 3   rd   , 4   th    and 5   th    floors of the 4420 Building, and (ii) $106,562.49 per month for Suite 100 of the 4420 Building (i.e., $460,859.16 in the aggregate, per month, for the entire Existing Premises). 
  4.2.        4430 Expansion Premises  .  Commencing on the Initial Expansion Commencement Date and continuing throughout the 4430 Expansion Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord Monthly Installments of Rent for the 4430 Expansion Premises as follows: 

-  2  - 

*The Monthly Installment of Rent for the period commencing on April 1, 2017, and ending on July 31, 2017, is subject to abatement pursuant to   Section 4.3   of this Second Amendment. 
  On or before the Initial Expansion Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the Monthly Installment of Rent payable for the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises attributable to the first month after the "4430 Rent Abatement Period", as defined below. 
  4.3.        Abated Base Rent  .  Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, so long as there exists no uncured monetary or material non-monetary Event of Default, Tenant shall not be obligated to pay any Monthly Installment of Rent attributable to the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises for the four (4) month period commencing on April 1, 2017, and ending on July 31, 2017 (the    4430     Rent Abatement Period   ).  The aggregate amount of Monthly Installment of Rent to be abated with respect to the 4430 Expansion Premises in accordance with the foregoing shall equal 806,362.40 (the    Abated 4430 Rent   ).  If Landlord terminates this Lease following the occurrence of an Event of Default, then all unamortized Abated 4430 Rent (i.e. based upon the amortization of the Abated 4430 Rent in equal monthly amounts, without interest, during the period commencing on the day immediately following the expiration of the 4430 Rent Abatement Period and ending on the Lease Expiration Date) shall immediately become due and payable.  Only the  

-  3  - 

Monthly Installment of Rent shall be abated pursuant to this Section, and Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes and all other rent and other costs and charges specified in the Lease, as amended, shall remain as due and payable pursuant to the provisions of the Lease, as amended.  If there exists any uncured monetary or material non-monetary Event of Default at any time during the 4430 Rent Abatement Period, then Tenant s right to receive the Abated 4430 Rent shall toll (and Tenant shall be required to pay the Monthly Installment of Rent during such period of uncured Event of Default) until Tenant has cured such Event of Default in accordance with this Lease. 
  4.4.        Landlord Right to Purchase Abated 4430 Rent  .  Landlord shall have the right, at any time prior to the expiration of the 4430 Rent Abatement Period, to pay to Tenant an amount (the "  Rent Abatement Buyout  ") equal to up to the then remaining unapplied Abated 4430 Rent.  If Landlord pays any Rent Abatement Buyout to Tenant, then the Abated 4430 Rent available to Tenant shall be reduced by the amount of the Rent Abatement Buyout, and the Base Rent payable by Tenant under the Lease shall be appropriately increased. 
  5.        Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes  .   
  5.1.        Existing Premises  .  Tenant shall continue to pay Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes in connection with the Existing Premises in accordance with the terms of the Lease.   
  5.2.        4430 Expansion Premises  .  Except as specifically set forth in this   Section 5.2  , commencing on the Initial Expansion Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes in connection with the 4430 Expansion Premises in accordance with the terms of   Article 4   of the Lease, provided that: 
  (a)        the "Building" shall be the 4430 Building; 
  (b)        with respect to the calculation of Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes in connection with the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises, Tenant's Proportionate Share shall equal 32.49% for the Building, and the Base Year (for Expenses, Taxes, and Insurance) shall be calendar year 2017, and  
  (c)        with respect to the calculation of Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes in connection with the Second 4430 Expansion Premises, Tenant's Proportionate Share shall equal 34.59% for the Building, and the Base Year (for Expenses, Taxes, and Insurance) shall be calendar year 2018. 
  6.        Expansion Improvements  .  Except for the "Landlord Work" and payment of the "Tenant Improvement Allowance" as specifically set forth in the Tenant Work Letter attached hereto as   Exhibit B  , Landlord shall not be obligated to provide or pay for any improvement work or services related to the improvement of the 4430 Expansion Premises, and Tenant shall accept the 4430 Expansion Premises in its presently existing, "as-is" condition.  Tenant also acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has made any representation or warranty regarding the condition of the Premises or Building or with respect to the suitability of the Premises or Building  

-  4  - 

for the conduct of Tenant's business.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord agrees that the base building electrical, mechanical, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and plumbing systems located in the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises and the Second 4430 Expansion Premises shall be in good condition and working order as of the respective Delivery Date.  Except to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of Tenant or any Tenant Entities or by any alterations or improvements performed by or on behalf of Tenant, if such systems are not in good working order as of the respective Delivery Date, and Tenant provides Landlord with notice of the same within one hundred eighty (180) days following the Delivery Date, Landlord shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the same.      For purposes of Section 1938 of the California Civil Code, Landlord hereby discloses to Tenant, and Tenant hereby acknowledges, that the Project, Building and Premises have not undergone inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp). 
  7.        Broker  .  Landlord and Tenant hereby warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Second Amendment other than Cushman   Wakefield of California, Inc. and Jones Lang LaSalle (the "  Broker  "), and that they know of no other real estate broker or agent who is entitled to a commission in connection with this Second Amendment.  Each party agrees to indemnify and defend the other party against and hold the other party harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) with respect to any leasing commission or equivalent compensation alleged to be owing on account of the indemnifying party's dealings with any real estate broker or agent, other than the Broker, occurring by, through, or under the indemnifying party.  The terms of this   Section 7   shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the term of the Lease, as hereby amended. 
  8.        Available Space  .   
  8.1.        Initial Right to Negotiate  .  As of the date hereof, the space on the 1   st    and 2   nd    floors of the 4430 Building is vacant and available for Lease (the "  Available Space  "). Tenant shall have the right, at any time after the date hereof, to inform Landlord that Tenant is interested in leasing all or any portion of such space (the "  Tenant Interest Notice  "). Landlord agrees that following Landlord's receipt of a Tenant Interest Notice, Landlord will negotiate with Tenant in good faith to determine whether Landlord is willing, in Landlord's reasonable business judgment exercised in Landlord's sole discretion, to lease all or any portion of such space to Tenant as provided herein. If Landlord and Tenant reach an agreement, in each party's sole and absolute discretion, with respect to Tenant's lease of any such space, then the parties shall enter into an amendment to the Lease adding such space to the Premises on the terms and conditions as agreed by Landlord and Tenant. If Landlord agrees, and such agreement is made prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the full execution of this Second Amendment (the "  Early Expansion Date  "), then the rent for such space (the "  Expansion Rent  ") shall be as follows:  (i) Tenant shall pay the Monthly Installment Rent for the First Offer Space at the same rate per rentable square foot payable by Tenant from time to time for the 4430 Expansion Premises, (ii) Tenant shall pay Tenant's Proportionate Share of Expenses, Taxes and Insurance Costs in accordance with the terms of the Lease applicable to the 4430 Expansion Premises, provided that Tenant's Proportionate Share with respect to the First Offer Space shall be calculated by dividing the rentable square footage of the First Offer Space by the rentable square footage of the 4430 Building, (iii) the commencement date of Tenant's lease of such  

-  5  - 

Available Space shall be the date that is 180 days after Landlord and Tenant make such agreement, and (iv) the Tenant Improvement Allowance for such Available Space shall be equal to the Tenant Improvement Allowance payable with respect to the 4430 Expansion Premises prorated appropriately to take into account a lease term for such Available Space which is shorter in length than the 4430 Expansion Term hereunder. Tenant acknowledges that the foregoing shall not obligate Landlord to notify Tenant of any lease entered into by Landlord with respect to any Available Space, or to lease any Available Space to Tenant in a size or configuration, or on terms or conditions that are not acceptable to Landlord in Landlord's sole discretion, or limit in any way Landlord's ability to market or lease such Available Space to a third party. Landlord agrees that it will not grant any future tenant of the Building any right of first offer or similar expansion right with respect to the Available Space without such future right being subordinate to Tenant's rights under this Section 8.  
  8.2.        Later Right to Negotiate  .  If Landlord enters into any lease of the Available Space after the date hereof (the "  Third Party Lease  "), Landlord will notify Tenant (the "  Availability Notice  ") when such Third Party Lease is terminated and such space (the "  Newly Available Space  ") again becomes available for lease by Tenant. If Tenant is interested in leasing the Newly Available Space, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing within ten (10) business days after delivery of the Availability Notice (the "  Negotiation Exercise Notice  "). If Tenant does not deliver a Negotiation Exercise Notice within such 10 business-day period, Landlord shall be free to lease such Newly Available Space to anyone Landlord desires, on any terms Landlord desires, and the terms of this Section 8 shall have no further force or effect with respect to such space.  If Tenant does deliver a Negotiation Exercise Notice, then within five (5) business days after receipt of the Negotiation Exercise Notice, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a proposal to lease such space, on terms and conditions that Landlord is then willing to accept (the "  Proposal  "). Following Tenant's receipt of the Proposal, Landlord and Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to agree on terms for Tenant's lease of the Newly Available Space. If Landlord and Tenant have not agreed to terms within fifteen (15) business days after the delivery of the Proposal, Landlord shall be free to lease the Newly Available Space to any third party, on any terms, provided that, prior to entering into a lease on terms that, on a net economic basis, are less than 95% of the terms contained in the Proposal (or in any later, lower amount that Landlord may have offered in writing during the negotiation period), Landlord shall first again deliver a Proposal to Tenant on such reduced terms (the "  New Proposal  "). Tenant shall have the right, by giving written notice to Landlord within five (5) business days after receipt of the New Proposal (the "  Acceptance Notice  "), to lease such space on the terms of the New Proposal (and no other terms). Landlord shall have no further obligation to negotiate with Tenant after delivery of the New Proposal. If Tenant does not deliver an Acceptance Notice within such 5-business-day period, Landlord shall be free to lease such Newly Available Space to anyone Landlord desires, on any terms Landlord desires, and the terms of this Section 8 shall have no further force or effect with respect to such space. If Tenant does deliver an Acceptance Notice, then Landlord and Tenant shall enter into an amendment to the Lease adding such space to the Premises on the terms and conditions of the New Proposal. 
  9.        Signage  . 
  9.1.        Pylon Sign  . So long at Tenant continues to lease the most square footage in the Project (in the aggregate between the Existing Premises and Expansion Premises), Tenant shall  

-  6  - 

continue to have the right to the signage position at the top of the Pylon Sign (as provided in   Section 42.3   of the Original Lease), subject to all the applicable terms and conditions of   Section 42   of the Original Lease. 
  9.2.        Parapet Sign  . In accordance with all of the applicable terms of   Section 42   of the Original Lease, Tenant shall have the right to install, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, one (1) identification parapet sign on the west side of the 4430 Building, which shall be subject to all of the terms of the Original Lease regarding the "Parapet Sign" as provided in   Section 42   of the Original Lease. Except as set forth below, Landlord shall not allow the installation of any other parapet sign on the west side of the 4430 Building. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approvals for the installation of an additional parapet sign on the 4430 Building (i.e. a third parapet sign). If Landlord obtains such approval, Tenant shall have the right to one (1) additional parapet sign on the Building, in a location mutually and reasonably agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant. Landlord will not grant any other rights to parapet signs in the 4430 Building to any tenant leasing less than one (1) full floor.  In any event, Tenant s Parapet Sign location rights shall be superior to the location rights of any other tenant (e.g. if Landlord obtains approval for three signs, Tenant shall have the right to its first and second location choices). 
  9.3.        Monument Sign  . Tenant shall have the right to install, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, one (1) monument sign, at any location Tenant elects, on the monument of Tenant's election in front of the 4430 Building, which shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions applicable to the "Monument Sign" as provided in   Section 43   of the Original Lease.  Landlord shall design the 4430 Building monument sign to give Tenant the same prominence as in the 4420 Building Monument Sign. 
  10.        Bifurcation of Lease  .  Landlord shall have the right, if reasonably deemed necessary by Landlord, at any time during the Lease Term, following reasonable prior written notice to Tenant to cause this Lease to be amended and replaced by two (2) separate leases, one with respect to all the Premises contained in the 4420 Building, and the other with respect to the all of the Premises contained in the 4430 Building.  Provided that such bifurcation does not, in the aggregate, increase Tenant's obligations beyond what they are under this Lease, or otherwise affect or diminish Tenant's use and occupancy of the Premises or its rights as provided for by the terms of this Lease, and the accessibility parking areas associated with the Premises, including, without limitation, the proximity of such areas to the Buildings, Tenant shall reasonably cooperate with Landlord in connection with any such bifurcation of this Lease.  Provided that such separate leases and other documents reasonably necessary to effectuate such bifurcation (the "  Bifurcation Documents  ") are reasonably acceptable to Tenant and in substantially similar form, and provided that Landlord reimburses Tenant's reasonable and actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) incurred by Tenant in connection with such bifurcation, Tenant shall execute the Bifurcation Documents.  
  11.        No Further Modification  .  Except as set forth in this Second Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Lease shall apply with respect to the 4430 Expansion Premises and shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect.   
  [signatures follow on next page] 

-  7  - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Second Amendment has been executed as of the day and year first above written.   
                 "LANDLORD" 
    "TENANT" 
      SFI PLEASANTON, LLC,  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:  SFI Mezz Pleasanton, LLC,          a Delaware limited liability company,          its member 
          By:  Swift Fund I GP, LLC,                  a Delaware limited liability company,                  its manager 
    
    ELLIE MAE, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 
    
    By:   /s/ Jonathan Corr 
  Name:   Jonathan Corr     
  Its:   CEO 
                      By:     /s/ Craig Firpo 
                  Name:   Craig Firpo 
                  Its:   VP 

-  8  - 

EXHIBIT A 
  ROSEWOOD COMMONS 
  OUTLINE OF 4430 EXPANSION PREMISES 

EXHIBIT A 
  -1- 

EXHIBIT B 
  4420 ROSEWOOD DRIVE 
  TENANT WORK LETTER 
  This Tenant Work Letter shall set forth the terms and conditions relating to the construction of the tenant improvements in the Premises.  This Tenant Work Letter is essentially organized chronologically and addresses the issues of the construction of the Premises, in sequence, as such issues will arise during the actual construction of the Premises.  All references in this Tenant Work Letter to the "Premises" shall mean the 4430 Expansion Premises. 
  SECTION 1          DELIVERY OF THE PREMISES AND BASE BUILDING 
  Landlord shall deliver the Premises and Building common areas to Tenant in its currently existing, "as is" condition, except as expressly provided in Second Amendment Section 6 and this Section 1.  Tenant will be responsible to demolish any existing improvements in the Premises that Tenant does not elect to utilize, which demolition shall be at Tenant's sole cost.  In addition, Landlord will be responsible, at Landlord's cost not to be deducted from the Tenant Improvement Allowance, to upgrade the lobby, internal stairwell and building elevators in the 4430 Building to a level of finishes comparable to that existing in the 4420 Building. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord will not upgrade the existing restrooms, and that Tenant, as a part of its construction of the Tenant Improvements, shall be required to upgrade the restroom finishes on the floors of the Building containing the Premises, to generally be comparable to the finishes in the restrooms in the 4420 Building, and including replacing sinks, toilets, faucets, partitions, entryway tile and carpet (the "  Restroom Upgrade  "). Landlord will deliver the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises to Tenant during the five (5) business day period commencing October 1, 2016 (and not prior to October 1, 2016).  Landlord will deliver the Second 4430 Expansion Premises to Tenant on or before January 1, 2018. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall be responsible for the cost of performing the modifications to the common areas of the Building, including path of travel, at the 4430 Building to the extent that (a) such modifications are required by Regulations, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, in order for Tenant to obtain a building permit for the Initial Alterations or a certificate of occupancy for Tenant s occupancy of the Premises for general office use and (b) the need for any such modifications is not required as a result of the particular design, configuration or nature of the Initial Alterations being performed by or on behalf of Tenant (other than normal and customary Building standard office improvements) or any above-Building Standard Occupancy (defined below) level (each, a "  Required Upgrades  ").  In addition, Landlord shall be responsible for the cost of correcting any other violations of Regulations with respect to the common areas of the at the 4430 Building, including path of travel, existing as of the date Landlord delivers possession of the Premises to Tenant (provided that the Initial Alterations are typical of standard office improvements consistent with the Initial Alterations generally described on   Schedule 2   attached hereto) to the extent that (a) such modifications are required by Regulations, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, in order for Tenant to obtain a building permit for  

EXHIBIT 
  -1- 

the Initial Alterations or a certificate of occupancy for Tenant s occupancy of the Premises for general office use and (b) the need for any such modifications is not as a result of the particular design, configuration or nature of the Initial Alterations being performed by or on behalf of Tenant (other than normal and customary Building standard office improvements) or any above-Building Standard Occupancy level (each, an "  Additional Required Upgrade  ").  In the event that Tenant becomes aware of the requirement to perform any Required Upgrades or Additional Required Upgrades, Tenant shall provide Landlord with prompt written notice thereof (an "  Upgrade Notice  "), which Upgrade Notice shall include (i) reasonable evidence that such Required Upgrades and/or Additional Required Upgrade must be performed by Tenant in order for Tenant to obtain a building permit for the Initial Alteration or certificate of occupancy for the Premises as described above, (ii) a reasonably detailed scope of work, and specifications of such Required Upgrade or Additional Required Upgrade, (iii) the estimated total cost of the work (the "  Upgrade Cost Estimate  "), and (iv) the proposed time frame for the performance of the proposed work (collectively, the "  Work Proposal  ").  To the extent that any Required Upgrades or Additional Required Upgrades must be made by Tenant pursuant to this Section, such work shall be performed by Tenant in accordance with plans and specifications for such Required Upgrade(s) and/or Additional Required Upgrade(s) prepared by Landlord s architect at Landlord s cost and provided to Tenant, as a part of the Initial Alterations and otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Exhibit B using Building standard methods, materials and finishes.  In addition to the Allowance and the Restroom Allowance, Landlord shall pay for the cost of any Required Upgrades for which Landlord is responsible pursuant to this Section in an amount not to exceed the Upgrade Cost Estimate for such Required Upgrades set forth in the Work Proposal submitted to Landlord plus any increases in such Upgrade Cost Estimate that are reasonably approved in advance by Landlord.  If Tenant s Upgrade Notice requires any Additional Upgrade to be performed, then within five (5) business days following the date of Tenant s Upgrade Notice, Landlord shall notify Tenant whether Landlord shall perform the Additional Required Upgrade or whether Tenant will perform the Additional Required Upgrade in conjunction with the Initial Alterations.  In the event Landlord elects to perform the Additional Required Upgrade, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to Landlord s right to dispute or appeal the Additional Required Upgrade as set forth below, to complete the Additional Required Upgrade as soon as practicable following the date of receipt of Tenant s Upgrade Notice.  If Tenant is required to perform such Additional Required Upgrade, Landlord shall pay the cost for such work in an amount not to exceed the Upgrade Cost Estimate for such Additional Required Upgrade set forth in the Work Proposal submitted to Landlord plus any increases in such Upgrade Cost Estimate that are reasonably approved in advance by Landlord.  Provided that Landlord s failure to complete the Required Additional Upgrade will not prohibit Tenant from obtaining a certificate of occupancy for the Premises by no later than the Commencement Date, or unreasonably and materially affect the safety of Tenant s employees or create a material health hazard for Tenant s employees, or materially and adversely affect Tenant s access to or use of the Premises, Landlord shall have the right to contest any alleged Additional Required Upgrades in good faith, including, without limitation, the right to apply for and obtain a waiver or deferment of compliance, the right to assert any and all defenses allowed by Regulations and the right to appeal any decisions, judgments or rulings to the fullest extent permitted by Regulations. 
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -2- 

SECTION 2          TENANT IMPROVEMENTS 
  2.1      Allowances. 
  2.1.1.      Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  Tenant shall be entitled to a one-time tenant improvement allowance (the "  Tenant Improvement Allowance  ") in the amount of $45.00 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., $3,128,130.00 for the 69,514 RSF of the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises, and $3,330,045.00 for the 74,001 RSF of the Second 4430 Expansion Premises) for the costs relating to the initial design and construction of Tenant's improvements, which are permanently affixed to the Premises (the "  Tenant Improvements  "). The term Tenant Improvements shall also include any Lines (as that term is defined in   Section 6.1.9   of this Lease) that Tenant desires to install in connection with its initial build-out of the Premises as set forth in this Tenant Work Letter.  In no event shall Landlord be obligated to make disbursements pursuant to this Tenant Work Letter in a total amount which exceeds the Tenant Improvement Allowance.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Premises may be constructed in multiple phases or on a floor by floor basis.  Accordingly, Landlord will not be required to disburse any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance that is in excess of $45.00 per RSF of the portion of the Premises then being constructed by Tenant, so that the full $45.00 per RSF of the Tenant Improvement Allowance will remain available for the construction of every portion of the Premises. Landlord will have no obligation to disburse any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance attributable to the Second 4430 Expansion Premises until after January 1, 2018. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance which is not disbursed to Tenant (or properly requested to be disbursed) by December 31, 2019, shall revert to Landlord and Tenant shall have no further rights with respect thereto. 
  2.1.2      Restroom Allowance  .  In addition to the Tenant Improvement Allowance, Landlord shall provide Tenant with $80,000 per floor of the Premises (i.e., $160,000.00 for the Initial 4430 Expansion Premises, and $160,000.00 for the Second 4430 Expansion Premises) to be used by Tenant in connection with Tenant's construction of the Restroom Upgrade (the "  Restroom Allowance  "). 
  2.2      Disbursement of the Tenant Improvement Allowance  . 
  2.2.1      Tenant Improvement Allowance Items  .  Except as otherwise set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be disbursed by Landlord (each of which disbursements shall be made pursuant to Landlord's disbursement process, including, without limitation, Landlord's receipt of invoices for all costs and fees described herein) only for the items and costs allowed under Exhibit B to the Original Lease (the "  Original Work Letter  ") (collectively the "  Tenant Improvement Allowance Items  "), including the following: 
  2.2.1.1      Payment of the fees of the "Architect", "Construction Manager" and the "Engineers," as those terms are defined in   Section 3.1   of this Tenant Work Letter, and payment of the fees incurred by, and the cost of documents and materials supplied by, Landlord and Landlord's consultants in connection with the preparation and review of the "Construction Drawings," as that term is defined in   Section 3.1   of this Tenant Work Letter; 
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -3- 

2.2.1.2      The payment of plan check, permit and license fees relating to construction of the Tenant Improvements; 
  2.2.1.3      The cost of construction of the Tenant Improvements, including, without limitation, testing and inspection costs, freight elevator usage, hoisting and trash removal costs, and contractors' fees and general conditions; 
  2.2.1.4      The cost of any changes in the Base Building when such changes are required by the Construction Drawings, such cost to include all direct architectural and/or engineering fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith; 
  2.2.1.5      The cost of any changes to the Construction Drawings or Tenant Improvements required by all applicable building codes (the "  Code  "); 
  2.2.1.6      Intentionally omitted; 
  2.2.1.7      Sales and use taxes; and 
  2.2.1.8      All other costs requested by Tenant to be expended by Landlord in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements. 
  2.2.2      Disbursement of Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  During the construction of the Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall make monthly disbursements of the Tenant Improvement Allowance for Tenant Improvement Allowance Items and shall authorize the release of monies (including the Final Retention) in the manner described in Paragraph A(2) of the Original Work Letter, provided that the term "Allowance" as used in the Original Work Letter shall be deemed to mean the Tenant Improvement Allowance, and the term "Initial Alterations" shall be deemed to mean the Tenant Improvements and the Tenant Improvement Allowance Items. 
  2.2.2.1        Other Terms  .  Landlord shall only be obligated to make disbursements from the Tenant Improvement Allowance to the extent costs are incurred by Tenant for Tenant Improvement Allowance Items.  All Tenant Improvement Allowance Items for which the Tenant Improvement Allowance has been made available shall be deemed Landlord's property under the terms of this Lease. 
  SECTION 3          CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS 
  3.1      Selection of Architect/Construction Drawings  .  Tenant shall retain the architect/space planner designated by Tenant (the "  Architect  ") to prepare the "Construction Drawings," as that term is defined in this   Section 3.1  .  Tenant shall retain the engineering consultants designated by Tenant (the "  Engineers  ") to prepare all plans and engineering working drawings relating to the structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, HVAC, lifesafety, and sprinkler work in the Premises, which work is not part of the Base Building.  Tenant shall have the right to retain a  Construction Manager  to assist in all Tenant Improvements activities.  The plans and drawings to be prepared  
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -4- 

by Architect and the Engineers hereunder shall be known collectively as the "  Construction Drawings  ."  All Construction Drawings shall comply with the drawing format and specifications determined by Tenant, and shall be subject to Landlord's reasonable approval.  Tenant and Architect shall verify, in the field, the dimensions and conditions as shown on the relevant portions of the Base Building plans, and Tenant and Architect shall be solely responsible for the same, and Landlord shall have no responsibility in connection therewith.  Landlord's review of the Construction Drawings as set forth in this   Section 3  , shall be for its sole purpose and shall not imply Landlord's review of the same, or obligate Landlord to review the same, for quality, design, Code compliance or other like matters.  Accordingly, notwithstanding that any Construction Drawings are reviewed by Landlord or its space planner, architect, engineers and consultants, and notwithstanding any advice or assistance which may be rendered to Tenant by Landlord or Landlord's space planner, architect, engineers, and consultants, Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever in connection therewith and shall not be responsible for any omissions or errors contained in the Construction Drawings, and Tenant's waiver and indemnity set forth in this Lease shall specifically apply to the Construction Drawings. 
  3.2      Final Space Plan  .  Tenant shall supply Landlord with four (4) hard copies signed by Tenant of its final space plan, along with other renderings or illustrations reasonably required by Landlord, to allow Landlord to understand Tenant's design intent, for the Premises before any architectural working drawings or engineering drawings have been commenced, and concurrently with Tenant's delivery of such hard copies, Tenant shall send to Landlord via electronic mail one (1) .pdf electronic copy of such final space plan.  The final space plan (the "  Final Space Plan  ") shall include a layout and designation of all offices, rooms and other partitioning, their intended use, and equipment to be contained therein.  Landlord may request clarification or more specific drawings for special use items not included in the Final Space Plan.  Landlord shall advise Tenant within five (5) business days after Landlord's receipt of the Final Space Plan for the Premises if the same is unsatisfactory or incomplete in any respect.  If Tenant is so advised, Tenant shall promptly cause the Final Space Plan to be revised to correct any deficiencies or other matters Landlord may reasonably require. 
  3.3      Final Working Drawings  .  After the Final Space Plan has been approved by Landlord, Tenant shall supply the Engineers with a complete listing of standard and non-standard equipment and specifications, including, without limitation, B.T.U. calculations, electrical requirements and special electrical receptacle requirements for the Premises, to enable the Engineers and the Architect to complete the "Final Working Drawings" (as that term is defined below) in the manner as set forth below.  Upon the approval of the Final Space Plan by Landlord and Tenant, Tenant shall promptly cause the Architect and the Engineers to complete the architectural and engineering drawings for the Premises, and Architect shall compile a fully coordinated set of architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical and plumbing working drawings in a form which is complete to allow subcontractors to bid on the work and to obtain all applicable permits (collectively, the "  Final Working Drawings  ") and shall submit the same to Landlord for Landlord's approval.  Tenant shall supply Landlord with four (4) hard copies signed by Tenant of the Final Working Drawings, and concurrently with Tenant's delivery of such hard copies, Tenant shall send to Landlord via electronic mail one (1) .pdf electronic copy of such Final Working Drawings.  Landlord shall advise Tenant within five (5) business days after Landlord's receipt of the Final Working Drawings  
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -5- 

for the Premises if Landlord reasonably determines the same is unsatisfactory or incomplete in any respect.  If Tenant is so advised, Tenant shall immediately revise the Final Working Drawings in accordance with such review and any disapproval of Landlord in connection therewith.  In addition, if the Final Working Drawings or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto shall require alterations in the Base Building (as contrasted with the Tenant Improvements), and if Landlord in its sole and exclusive discretion agrees to any such alterations, and notifies Tenant of the need and cost for such alterations, then Tenant shall pay the cost of such required changes in advance upon receipt of notice thereof.  Tenant shall pay all direct architectural and/or engineering fees in connection therewith. 
  3.4      Approved Working Drawings  .  The Final Working Drawings shall be approved by Landlord (the "  Approved Working Drawings  ") prior to the commencement of construction of the Premises by Tenant.  After approval by Landlord of the Final Working Drawings, Tenant may submit the same to the appropriate municipal authorities for all applicable building permits.  Tenant hereby agrees that neither Landlord nor Landlord's consultants shall be responsible for obtaining any building permit or certificate of occupancy for the Premises and that obtaining the same shall be Tenant's responsibility; provided, however, that Landlord shall cooperate with Tenant in executing permit applications and performing other ministerial acts reasonably necessary to enable Tenant to obtain any such permit or certificate of occupancy.  No changes, modifications or alterations in the Approved Working Drawings may be made without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld. 
  3.5      Electronic Approvals  .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter, Landlord may, in Landlord's sole and absolute discretion, transmit or otherwise deliver any of the approvals required under this Tenant Work Letter via electronic mail to Tenant's representative identified in   Section 5.1   of this Tenant Work Letter. 
  SECTION 4          CONSTRUCTION OF THE TENANT IMPROVEMENTS 
  4.1      Tenant's Selection of Contractors  . 
  4.1.1      The Contractor  .  A general contractor shall be retained by Tenant to construct the Tenant Improvements.  Such general contractor ("  Contractor  ") shall be selected by Tenant subject to Landlord s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
  4.1.2      Tenant's Agents  .  All subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and suppliers used by Tenant (such subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and suppliers, and the Contractor to be known collectively as "  Tenant's Agents  ") must be approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  If Landlord does not approve any of Tenant's proposed subcontractors, laborers, materialmen or suppliers, Tenant shall submit other proposed subcontractors, laborers, materialmen or suppliers for Landlord's written approval. 
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -6- 

4.2      Construction of Tenant Improvements by Tenant's Agents  . 
  4.2.1      Construction Contract; Cost Budget  .  Tenant shall engage the Contractor under an Stipulated Sum Agreement accompanied by Landlord's standard General Conditions (collectively, the "  Contract  ").  Prior to the commencement of the construction of the Tenant Improvements, and after Tenant has accepted all bids for the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a detailed breakdown, by trade, of the final costs to be incurred or which have been incurred, as set forth more particularly in   Sections 2.2.1.1   through   2.2.1.8  , above, in connection with the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements to be performed by or at the direction of Tenant or the Contractor, which costs form a basis for the amount of the Contract (the "  Final Costs  ").  To the extent the Final Costs exceed the Over-Allowance Amount, the terms of Paragraph A(2) of the Original Work Letter will apply.  
  4.2.2      Tenant's Agents  . 
  4.2.2.1        Landlord's General Conditions for Tenant's Agents and Tenant Improvement Work  .  Tenant's and Tenant's Agent's construction of the Tenant Improvements shall comply with the following:  (i) the Tenant Improvements shall be constructed in strict accordance with the Approved Working Drawings; (ii) Tenant's Agents shall submit schedules of all work relating to the Tenant Improvements to Contractor and Contractor shall, within five (5) business days of receipt thereof, inform Tenant's Agents of any changes which are necessary thereto, and Tenant's Agents shall adhere to such corrected schedule; and (iii) Tenant shall abide by all rules made by Landlord's Building manager with respect to the use of freight, loading dock and service elevators, storage of materials, coordination of work with the contractors of other tenants, and any other matter in connection with this Tenant Work Letter, including, without limitation, the construction of the Tenant Improvements.   
  4.2.2.2        Indemnity  .  Tenant's indemnity of Landlord as set forth in this Lease shall also apply with respect to any and all costs, losses, damages, injuries and liabilities related in any way to any act or omission of Tenant or Tenant's Agents, or anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or in connection with Tenant's non-payment of any amount arising out of the Tenant Improvements and/or Tenant's disapproval of all or any portion of any request for payment. Except to the extent caused by Landlord's gross negligence or breach of Landlord's obligations under this Tenant Work Letter, such indemnity by Tenant, as set forth in this Lease, shall also apply with respect to any and all costs, losses, damages, injuries and liabilities related in any way to Landlord's performance of any ministerial acts reasonably necessary (i) to permit Tenant to complete the Tenant Improvements, and (ii) to enable Tenant to obtain any building permit or certificate of occupancy for the Premises. 
  4.2.2.3        Requirements of Tenant's Agents  .  Each of Tenant's Agents shall guarantee to Tenant and for the benefit of Landlord that the portion of the Tenant Improvements for which it is responsible shall be free from any defects in workmanship and materials for a period of not less than one (1) year from the date of completion thereof.  Each of Tenant's Agents shall be responsible for the replacement or repair, without additional charge, of all work done or furnished in accordance with its contract that shall become defective within one (1) year after the later to occur of (i) completion of the work performed by such contractor or subcontractors and (ii)  the  
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -7- 

applicable Expansion Commencement Date.  The correction of such work shall include, without additional charge, all additional expenses and damages incurred in connection with such removal or replacement of all or any part of the Tenant Improvements, and/or the Building and/or common areas that may be damaged or disturbed thereby.  All such warranties or guarantees as to materials or workmanship of or with respect to the Tenant Improvements shall be contained in the Contract or subcontract and shall be written such that such guarantees or warranties shall inure to the benefit of both Landlord and Tenant, as their respective interests may appear, and can be directly enforced by either.  Tenant covenants to give to Landlord any assignment or other assurances which may be necessary to effect such right of direct enforcement. 
  4.2.2.4        Insurance Requirements  . 
  4.2.2.4.1    General Coverages  .  All of Tenant's Agents shall carry worker's compensation insurance covering all of their respective employees, and shall also carry public liability insurance, including property damage, all with limits, in form and with companies as are were required by Landlord under the Original Work Letter. 
  4.2.2.4.2    Special Coverages  .  Tenant shall carry "Builder's All Risk" insurance as required by Landlord under the Original Work Letter, it being understood and agreed that the Tenant Improvements shall be insured by Tenant pursuant to this Lease immediately upon completion thereof.  Such insurance shall be in amounts and shall include such extended coverage endorsements in such amounts and in form and with such companies as were required by Landlord under the Original Work Letter. 
  4.2.2.4.3    General Terms  .  Certificates for all insurance carried pursuant to this   Section 4.2.2.4   shall be delivered to Landlord before the commencement of construction of the Tenant Improvements and before the Contractor's equipment is moved onto the site.  All such policies of insurance must contain a provision that the company writing said policy will give Landlord thirty (30) days prior written notice of any cancellation or lapse of the effective date or any reduction in the amounts of such insurance.  In the event that the Tenant Improvements are damaged by any cause during the course of the construction thereof, Tenant shall immediately repair the same at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  Tenant's Agents shall maintain all of the foregoing insurance coverage in force until the Tenant Improvements are fully completed and accepted by Landlord, except for any Products and Completed Operation Coverage insurance required by Landlord, which is to be maintained for ten (10) years following completion of the work and acceptance by Landlord and Tenant.  All policies carried under this   Section 4.2.2.4   shall insure Landlord and Tenant, as their interests may appear, as well as Contractor and Tenant's Agents.  All insurance, except Workers' Compensation, maintained by Tenant's Agents shall preclude subrogation claims by the insurer against anyone insured thereunder.  Such insurance shall provide that it is primary insurance as respects the owner and that any other insurance maintained by owner is excess and noncontributing with the insurance required hereunder.  The requirements for the foregoing insurance shall not derogate from the provisions for indemnification of Landlord by Tenant under   Section 4.2.2.2   of this Tenant Work Letter. 
  4.2.3      Governmental Compliance  .  The Tenant Improvements shall comply in all respects with the following:  (i) the Code and other state, federal, city or quasi-governmental laws,  
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -8- 

codes, ordinances and regulations, as each may apply according to the rulings of the controlling public official, agent or other person; (ii) applicable standards of the American Insurance Association (formerly, the National Board of Fire Underwriters) and the National Electrical Code; and (iii) building material manufacturer's specifications. 
  4.2.4      Inspection by Landlord  .  Landlord shall have the right to inspect the Tenant Improvements at all times, provided however, that Landlord's failure to inspect the Tenant Improvements shall in no event constitute a waiver of any of Landlord's rights hereunder nor shall Landlord's inspection of the Tenant Improvements constitute Landlord's approval of the same.  Should Landlord disapprove any portion of the Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing of such disapproval and shall specify the items disapproved.  Any defects or deviations in, and/or disapproval by Landlord of, the Tenant Improvements shall be rectified by Tenant at no expense to Landlord, provided however, that in the event Landlord determines that a defect or deviation exists or disapproves of any matter in connection with any portion of the Tenant Improvements and such defect, deviation or matter might adversely affect the mechanical, electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilating and air conditioning or life-safety systems of the Building, the structure or exterior appearance of the Building or any other tenant's use of such other tenant's leased premises, Landlord may, take such action as Landlord deems necessary, at Tenant's expense and without incurring any liability on Landlord's part, to correct any such defect, deviation and/or matter, including, without limitation, causing the cessation of performance of the construction of the Tenant Improvements until such time as the defect, deviation and/or matter is corrected to Landlord's satisfaction. 
  4.2.5      Meetings  .  Commencing upon the execution of this Lease, Tenant shall hold weekly meetings at a reasonable time, with the Architect and the Contractor regarding the progress of the preparation of Construction Drawings and the construction of the Tenant Improvements, which meetings shall be held at a location designated by Landlord, and Landlord and/or its agents shall receive prior notice of, and shall have the right to attend, all such meetings, and, upon Landlord's request, certain of Tenant's Agents shall attend such meetings.  In addition, minutes shall be taken at all such meetings, a copy of which minutes shall be promptly delivered to Landlord.  One such meeting each month shall include the review of Contractor's current request for payment. 
  4.3      Notice of Completion; Copy of Record Set of Plans  .  Within fifteen (15) days after completion of construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall cause a Notice of Completion to be recorded in the office of the Recorder of the county in which the Building is located in accordance with Section 8182 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any successor statute, and shall furnish a copy thereof to Landlord upon such recordation.  If Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may execute and file the same as Tenant's agent for such purpose, at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  At the conclusion of construction, (i) Tenant shall cause the Architect and Contractor (A) to update the Approved Working Drawings as necessary to reflect all changes made to the Approved Working Drawings during the course of construction, (B) to certify to the best of their knowledge that the "record-set" of as-built drawings are true and correct, which certification shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease, and (C) to deliver to Landlord two (2) sets of copies of such record set of drawings within ninety (90) days following issuance of a certificate of occupancy for the  
  
   TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -9- 

Premises, and (ii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of all warranties, guaranties, and operating manuals and information relating to the improvements, equipment, and systems in the Premises. 
  SECTION 5          MISCELLANEOUS 
  5.1      Tenant's Representative  .  Tenant has designated Lisa Bruun as its sole representative with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter (whose e-mail address for the purposes of this Tenant Work Letter is Lisa.Bruun@elliemae.com and phone number is (925) 227-7007, who shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Tenant as required in this Tenant Work Letter. 
  5.2      Landlord's Representative  .  Landlord has designated Rod Collings, the general manager of the Project, as its sole representative with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, who, until further notice to Tenant, shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Landlord as required in this Tenant Work Letter. 
  5.3      Time of the Essence in This Tenant Work Letter  .  Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to a "number of days" shall mean and refer to calendar days.  If any item requiring approval is timely disapproved by Landlord, the procedure for preparation of the document and approval thereof shall be repeated until the document is approved by Landlord. 
  5.4      Tenant's Lease Default  .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter, in case of any uncured monetary or material non-monetary Event of Default by Tenant under the Lease or any material default by Tenant under this Tenant Work Letter which is not cured within three (3) business days after notice from Landlord (including, without limitation, any failure by Tenant to fund any portion of the Over-Allowance Amount) occurs at any time on or before the substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements, then (i) in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to Landlord pursuant to the Lease, Landlord shall have the right to withhold payment of all or any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance and/or Landlord may, without any liability whatsoever, cause the cessation of construction of the Tenant Improvements (in which case, Tenant shall be responsible for any delay in the substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements and any costs occasioned thereby), and (ii) all other obligations of Landlord under the terms of the Lease and this Tenant Work Letter shall be tolled until such time as such default is cured pursuant to the terms of the Lease.  

TENANT WORK 
  LETTER 
  -10- 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 elli-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Jonathan Corr, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of Ellie Mae, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
               /s/ Jonathan Corr 
      Jonathan Corr 
  Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   November 1, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 elli-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Edgar A. Luce, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   of Ellie Mae, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
               /s/ Edgar A. Luce 
      Edgar A. Luce 
  Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 1, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 elli-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit   32.1    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Jonathan Corr, Chief Executive Officer of Ellie Mae, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Company s   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   for the   period   ended   September 30, 2016  , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit   32.1   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
               /s/ Jonathan Corr 
      Jonathan Corr 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:   November 1, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 elli-20160930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit   32.2    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Edgar A. Luce, Chief Financial Officer of Ellie Mae, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Company s   Quarterly   Report on Form   10-Q   for the   period   ended   September 30, 2016  , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit   32.2   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
               /s/ Edgar A. Luce 
      Edgar A. Luce 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:   November 1, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 elli-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 elli-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 elli-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 elli-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 elli-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 elli-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

