<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1511198_0001571049-16-019451_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13049557</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179710</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>619575</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3211067</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6195528</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2577657</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>77</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019451.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104082228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019451
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001511198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35209
		FILM NUMBER:		161973695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FARM GLEN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FARMINGTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		860-676-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FARM GLEN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FARMINGTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06032

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019451.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 t1600683_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from               
to               

Commission File No. 333-171913  

First
Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Maryland   
       
       45-1496206    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification Number)    

One Farm Glen Boulevard, Farmington, CT    
       
       06032    
 
       (Address of Principal Executive Offices)   
       
       (Zip Code)    

(860) 676-4600  

  (Registrant s telephone number)  

N/A  

  (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days.    YES      x      NO         .  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES      x      NO         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer  and  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
       
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
         
       Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    YES             NO      x  

As of October 24, 2016, there were 15,809,248
shares of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. common stock, par value $0.01, outstanding. 

First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.  

Table of Contents 

Page  

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1. 
     Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     1  

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     2  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     3  

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     5  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     51  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     68  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     69  

Part II. Other Information   

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     69  

Item1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     69  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     69  

Item 3. 
      Defaults upon Senior Securities  
     69  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosure  
     70  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     70  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     70  

Signatures   
     72  

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.2 

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) 

(1) Loans include net deferred loan costs of $3.9 million and
$4.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

1   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

2   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Organization and Business  

First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. is a Maryland-chartered
bank holding company that wholly owns its only subsidiary, Farmington Bank (collectively with its subsidiary, the  Company ).
Farmington Bank's main office is located in Farmington, Connecticut. Farmington Bank is a full-service, community bank with 24
branch locations throughout central Connecticut and western Massachusetts, offering commercial and residential lending as well
as wealth management services. Farmington Bank's primary source of income is interest accrued on loans to customers, which include
small and middle market businesses and individuals residing primarily in Connecticut and western Massachusetts. However, the Bank
will selectively lend to borrowers in other northeastern states. 

Wholly-owned subsidiaries of Farmington
Bank are Farmington Savings Loan Servicing, Inc., a passive investment company that was established to service and hold loans collateralized
by real property; Village Investments, Inc.; the Village Corp., Limited, and Village Square Holdings, Inc.; 28 Main Street Corp.,
is a subsidiary that was formed to hold residential other real estate owned and Village Management Corp., is a subsidiary that
was formed to hold commercial other real estate owned, are presently inactive. 

On June 21, 2013, the Company received
regulatory approval to repurchase up to 1,676,452 shares, or 10% of its current outstanding common stock. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 156,800 of these shares at a cost of $2.5 million. Repurchased shares are
held as treasury stock and are available for general corporate purposes. The Company has 600,945 shares remaining available to
be repurchased at September 30, 2016. 

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation  

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has condensed or omitted
certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair statement have been included. All significant
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. These consolidated financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 included
in the Company s 10-K filed on March 11, 2016. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative
of the results for the full year. 

In preparing the consolidated financial
statements, management is required to make extensive use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities as of the date of the statement of condition and revenues and expenses for the interim period. Actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near
term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, investment security other-than-temporary impairment judgments
and investment security valuation. 

6   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Investment Securities  

Marketable equity and debt securities
are classified as either trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity (applies only to debt securities). Management
determines the appropriate classifications of securities at the time of purchase. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had no debt or equity securities classified as trading. Held-to-maturity securities are debt securities for
which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. All other securities not included in held-to-maturity
are classified as available-for-sale. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost, adjusted for the
amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. Premiums and discounts on debt securities are amortized or accreted into
interest income over the term of the securities using the level yield method. Available-for-sale securities are recorded at
fair value. Unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available-for-sale securities are excluded from
earnings and are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, a separate component of equity, until realized. Further
information relating to the fair value of securities can be found within Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB ASC )
320    Debt and Equity Securities , a decline in market value of a debt security below amortized cost that is
deemed other-than-temporary is charged to earnings for the credit related other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ),
resulting in the establishment of a new cost basis for the security, while the non-credit related OTTI is recognized in other
comprehensive income if there is no intent or requirement to sell the security. The securities portfolio is reviewed on a
quarterly basis for the presence of other-than-temporary impairment. If an equity security is deemed
other-than-temporarily impaired, the full impairment is considered to be credit-related and a charge to earnings would be
recorded. Gains and losses on sales of securities are recognized at the time of sale on a specific identification basis. 

Loans Held for Sale  

Loans originated and intended for sale
in the secondary market are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, as determined by aggregate outstanding commitments
from investors or current investor yield requirements. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recognized through a valuation allowance
by charges to other noninterest income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Gains or losses on sales of mortgage
loans are recognized based on the difference between the selling price and the carrying value of the related mortgage loans sold
on the trade date to net gain on loans sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Loans  

The Company s loan portfolio segments
include residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, installment, commercial, collateral, home equity lines of
credit, demand, revolving credit and resort. Construction includes classes for commercial and residential construction. 

Loans that management has the intent and
ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off generally are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal
balances adjusted for charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, and any deferred fees or costs on originated loans. Interest
income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred
and recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the interest method. When loans are prepaid, sold or participated
out, the unamortized portion is recognized as income or expense at that time. 

7   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Interest on loans is accrued and recognized
in interest income based on contractual rates applied to principal amounts outstanding. Accrual of interest is discontinued, and
previously accrued income is reversed, when loan payments are more than 90 days past due or when, in the judgment of management,
collectability of the loan or loan interest becomes uncertain. Loans may be returned to accrual status when all principal and interest
amounts contractually due (including arrearages) are reasonably assured of repayment within a reasonable period and there is a
sustained period of repayment performance (generally a minimum of six months) by the borrower, in accordance with contractual terms
involving payment of cash or cash equivalents. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery
method, until qualifying for return to accrual status. If a residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, installment,
commercial, collateral, home equity line of credit, demand, revolving credit and resort loan is on non-accrual status cash payments
are applied towards the reduction of principal.  If loans are considered impaired but accruing, cash payments are applied
first to interest income and then as a reduction of principal as specified in the contractual agreement, unless the collection
of the remaining principal amount due is considered doubtful. 

The policy for determining past due or
delinquency status for all loan portfolio segments is based on the number of days past due or the contractual terms of the loan.
A loan is considered delinquent when the customer does not make their payments due according to their contractual terms. Generally,
a loan can be demanded at any time if the loan is delinquent or if the borrower fails to meet any other agreed upon terms and conditions. 

On a quarterly basis, our loan policy requires
that we evaluate for impairment all commercial real estate, construction, commercial and resort loan segments that are classified
as non-accrual, loans secured by real property in foreclosure or are otherwise likely to be impaired, non-accruing residential
and installment loan segments greater than $100,000 and all troubled debt restructurings. 

Nonperforming loans consist of non-accruing
loans, non-accruing loans identified as trouble debt restructurings and loans past due more than 90 days and still accruing interest. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses is
maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb potential losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the
statement of condition date. The allowance for loan losses consists of a formula allowance following FASB ASC 450  
 Contingencies  and FASB ASC 310    Receivables . The allowance for loan losses is established
as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged
against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if
any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated
on a quarterly basis by management. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant
revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general, allocated and unallocated components, as further
described below. All reserves are available to cover any losses regardless of how they are allocated. 

General component:  

The general component of the allowance
for loan losses is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors stratified by the following loan segments:
residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, installment, commercial, collateral, home equity line of credit,
demand, revolving credit and resort. Construction loans include classes for commercial investment real estate construction, commercial
owner occupied construction, residential development, residential subdivision construction and residential owner occupied construction
loans. Management uses a rolling average of historical losses based on a time frame appropriate to capture relevant loss data for
each loan segment. This historical loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors: levels/trends in delinquencies
and nonaccrual loans; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting standards and
other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; experience/ability/depth of lending management and staff; and national
and local economic trends and conditions. There were no material changes in the Company s policies or methodology pertaining
to the general component of the allowance for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

8   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The qualitative factors are determined
based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as
follows: 

Residential real estate   Residential
real estate loans are generally originated in amounts up to 95.0% of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price of the
property, with private mortgage insurance required on loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 80.0%. The Company does not
grant subprime loans. All loans in this segment are collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is dependent
on the credit quality of the individual borrower. All residential mortgage loans are underwritten pursuant to secondary market
underwriting guidelines which include minimum FICO standards. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and
housing prices, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Commercial real estate   Loans in
this segment are primarily originated to finance income-producing properties throughout the northeastern states. The underlying
cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased vacancy
rates, which in turn, may have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management generally obtains rent rolls and other
financial information, as appropriate on an annual basis and continually monitors the cash flows of these loans. 

Construction loans   Loans in this
segment include commercial construction loans, real estate subdivision development loans to developers, licensed contractors and
builders for the construction and development of commercial real estate projects and residential properties. Construction lending
contains a unique risk characteristic as loans are originated under market and economic conditions that may change between the
time of origination and the completion and subsequent purchaser financing of the property. In addition, construction subdivision
loans and commercial and residential construction loans to contractors and developers entail additional risks as compared to single-family
residential mortgage lending to owner-occupants. These loans typically involve large loan balances concentrated in single borrowers
or groups of related borrowers. Real estate subdivision development loans to developers, licensed contractors and builders are
generally speculative real estate development loans for which payment is derived from sale of the property. Credit risk may be
affected by cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate price, and market conditions. Construction financing is generally considered
to involve a higher degree of credit risk than longer-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Residential construction
credit quality may be impacted by the overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices. 

Commercial   Loans in this segment
are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business.
A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer spending, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Home equity line of credit   Loans
in this segment include home equity loans and lines of credit underwritten with a loan-to-value ratio generally limited to no more
than 80%, including any first mortgage. Our home equity lines of credit have ten-year terms and adjustable rates of interest which
are indexed to the prime rate. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, may have an
effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Installment, Collateral, Demand, Revolving
Credit and Resort   Loans in these segments include loans principally to customers residing in our primary market area with
acceptable credit ratings. Our installment and collateral consumer loans generally consist of loans on new and used automobiles,
loans collateralized by deposit accounts and unsecured personal loans. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment
rates and housing prices, may have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Excluding collateral loans which are fully
collateralized by a deposit account, repayment for loans in these segments is dependent on the credit quality of the individual
borrower. The resort portfolio consists of a direct receivable loan outside the Northeast which is amortizing to its contractual
obligations. The Company has exited the resort financing market with a residual portfolio remaining. 

9   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Allocated component:  

The allocated component relates to loans
that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial real estate, construction, commercial
and resort loans by the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate; the fair value of the collateral,
if applicable; or the observable market price for the loan. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral
value) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The Company does not separately identify individual
consumer and residential real estate loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are subject to a troubled debt restructuring
agreement or they are nonaccrual loans with outstanding balances greater than $100,000. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent. Management updates the analysis quarterly. The assumptions used in appraisals are reviewed for appropriateness.
Updated appraisals or valuations are obtained as needed or adjusted to reflect the estimated decline in the fair value based upon
current market conditions for comparable properties. 

The Company periodically may agree to modify
the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty,
the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). All TDRs are classified as impaired. 

Unallocated component:  

An unallocated component is maintained,
when needed, to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component
of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating
allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. The Company s Loan Policy allows management to utilize a high and low range
of 0.0% to 5.0% of our total allowance for loan losses when establishing an unallocated allowance, when considered necessary. The
unallocated allowance is used to provide for an unidentified loss that may exist in emerging problem loans that cannot be fully
quantified or may be affected by conditions not fully understood as of the balance sheet date. There was no unallocated allowance
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

10   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Troubled Debt Restructuring  

A loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring
( TDR ) when the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, grants
a concession to the borrower in modifying or renewing the loan the Company would not otherwise consider. In connection with troubled
debt restructurings, terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with their current financial status,
which may include a reduction in the interest rate to market rate or below, a change in the term or movement of past due amounts
to the back-end of the loan or refinancing. A loan is placed on non-accrual status upon being restructured, even if it was not
previously, unless the modified loan was current for the six months prior to its modification and we believe the loan is fully
collectable in accordance with its new terms. The Company s policy to restore a restructured loan to performing status is
dependent on the receipt of regular payments, generally for a period of six months and one calendar year-end. All troubled debt
restructurings are classified as impaired loans and are reviewed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis per Company
policy. 

Foreclosed Real Estate  

Real estate acquired through foreclosure
comprises properties acquired in partial or total satisfaction of problem loans. The properties are acquired through foreclosure
proceedings or acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. At the time these properties are foreclosed, the properties are initially
recorded at the fair value at the date of foreclosure less estimated selling costs. Losses arising at the time of acquisition of
such properties are charged against the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent loss provisions are charged to the foreclosed real
estate valuation allowance and expenses incurred to maintain the properties are charged to noninterest expense. Properties are
evaluated regularly to ensure the recorded amounts are supported by current fair values, and a charge to operations is recorded
as necessary to reduce the carrying amount to fair value less estimated costs to dispose. Revenue and expense from the operation
of other real estate owned and the provision to establish and adjust valuation allowances are included in noninterest expenses.
Costs relating to the development and improvement of the property are capitalized, subject to the limit of fair value of the collateral.
In the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, total prepaid expenses and other assets include foreclosed real estate of
$-0- and $279,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, with no specific valuation allowance. The recorded investment
of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process
according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction totaled $4.5 million at September 30, 2016. 

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit
Plans  

The Company s non-contributory defined-benefit
pension plan and certain defined benefit postretirement plans were frozen as of February 28, 2013 and no additional benefits will
accrue. 

The Company has a non-contributory defined
benefit pension plan that provides benefits for substantially all employees hired before January 1, 2007 who meet certain requirements
as to age and length of service. The benefits are based on years of service and average compensation, as defined in the Plan Document.
The Company s funding practice is to meet the minimum funding standards established by the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974. 

In addition to providing pension benefits,
we provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Participants or eligible employees hired before
January 1, 1993 become eligible for the benefits if they retire after reaching age 62 with fifteen or more years of service. A
fixed percent of annual costs are paid depending on length of service at retirement. The Company accrues for the estimated costs
of these other post-retirement benefits through charges to expense during the years that employees render service. The Company
makes contributions to cover the current benefits paid under this plan. The Company believes the policy for determining pension
and other post-retirement benefit expenses is critical because judgments are required with respect to the appropriate discount
rate, rate of return on assets and other items. The Company reviews and updates the assumptions annually. If the Company s
estimate of pension and post-retirement expense is too low it may experience higher expenses in the future, reducing its net income.
If the Company s estimate is too high, it may experience lower expenses in the future, increasing its net income. 

11   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Income Taxes  

Deferred income taxes are provided for
differences arising in the timing of income and expenses for financial reporting and for income tax purposes. Deferred income taxes
and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The Company provides a deferred tax asset valuation allowance for the estimated future tax effects attributable to
temporary differences and carryforwards when realization is determined not to be more likely than not. 

FASB ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition
threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on
derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition issues.
Pursuant to FASB ASC 740-10, the Company examines its financial statements, its income tax provision and its federal and state
income tax returns and analyzes its tax positions, including permanent and temporary differences, as well as the major components
of income and expense to determine whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties arising from income tax settlements as part of its provision for income taxes. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period
ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company
does not expect ASU 2014-15 to have a significant impact on its financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), with an original effective date for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. ASU 2015-14 deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to annual periods
and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments can be applied retrospectively
to each prior reporting period or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this Update recognized at the
date of initial application. Early application is not permitted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2015-14 on its accounting
and disclosures. 

12   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Topic 825-10):  Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities.  ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of
financial instruments. Some of the amendments in ASU 2016-01 include the following: 1) requires equity investments
(except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to
be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) simplifies the impairment assessment
of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify
impairment; 3) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes; and 4) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the
portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk
when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value; among others. For public business entities, the
amendments of ASU 2016-01 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-01 on its accounting and disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 supersedes Topic 840, Leases. This ASU is to increase transparency and
comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information
about leasing arrangements. Some of the provisions in ASU 2016-02 include the following: 1) requires lessees to recognize
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term
lease), 2) requires lessor accounting to be updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue
recognition standard, 3) an arrangement contains an embedded lease if property, plant, or equipment is explicitly or implicitly
identified and its use is controlled by the customer, 4) in certain circumstances, the lessee is required to remeasure the
lease payments, and 5) requires extensive quantitative and qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management,
will be required to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from
existing contracts. For public business entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its accounting
and disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-07  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method
of Accounting.  This ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result
of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations,
and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods
that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting
as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method
of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. For public business entities, ASU 2016-07 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should
be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that
result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-07
on its accounting and disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 
This ASU requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled.
It also allows an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without
triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election for forfeitures as they occur. For public business entities, ASU
No. 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its accounting and disclosures. 

13   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326)  requires an entity to utilize a new impairment model known as the
current expected credit loss ( CECL ) model to estimate its lifetime  expected credit loss  and record an allowance
that, when deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, presents the net amount expected to be collected on the
financial asset. The CECL model is expected to result in more timely recognition of credit losses. This ASU also requires new disclosures
for financial assets measured at amortized cost, loans and available-for-sale debt securities. ASU 2016-13 is effective for public
business entities for annual periods beginning after December 13, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities
will apply the standard's provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting
period in which the guidance is adopted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-13 on its accounting and disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15
provides cash flow statement classification guidance for certain transactions including how the predominance principle should be
applied when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows. The guidance is effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years and should
be applied retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is assessing the
impact of ASU 2016-15 its accounting and disclosures. 

2.   Restrictions on Cash and Due from Banks   

The Company is required to maintain a percentage
of transaction account balances on deposit in non-interest-earning reserves with the Federal Reserve Bank, offset by the Company s
average vault cash. The Company also is required to maintain cash balances to collateralize the Company s position with certain
third parties. The Company had cash and liquid assets of approximately $30.4 million and $17.7 million to meet these requirements
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

3.   Earnings Per Share   

The following table sets forth the calculation
of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

(1)  Certain per share amounts may not appear to reconcile
due to rounding. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, 44,000 and 79,500 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the earnings per share calculation. 

14   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

4.   Investment Securities   

Investment securities are summarized as
follows: 

15   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The following tables summarize gross unrealized
losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time the investments have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Management believes that no individual
unrealized loss as of September 30, 2016 represents an other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ), based on its detailed
review of the securities portfolio. The Company has no intent to sell nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required
to sell any of the securities in a loss position during the period of time necessary to recover the unrealized losses, which may
be until maturity. 

The following summarizes the conclusions
from our OTTI evaluation for those security types that incurred significant gross unrealized losses greater than twelve months
as of September 30, 2016: 

Preferred equity securities   The unrealized
loss on preferred equity securities in a loss position for 12 months or more relates to one preferred equity security. This investment
is in a global financial institution. When estimating the recovery period for securities in an unrealized loss position, management
utilizes analyst forecasts, earnings assumptions and other company-specific financial performance metrics. In addition, this assessment
incorporates general market data, industry and sector cycles and related trends to determine a reasonable recovery period. Management
evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuer in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Management concluded
that the preferred equity security is not other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Mutual funds   The unrealized loss on mutual
funds in a loss position for 12 months or more relates to one mutual fund. The fund invests primarily in high quality debt securities
and other debt instruments supporting the affordable housing industry in areas of the United States designated by fund shareholders.
When estimating the recovery period for securities in an unrealized loss position, management utilizes analyst forecasts, earnings
assumptions and other fund-specific financial performance metrics. In addition, this assessment incorporates general market data,
industry and sector cycles and related trends to determine a reasonable recovery period. Management evaluated the near-term prospects
of the fund in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Management concluded that the mutual fund is not other-than-temporarily
impaired at September 30, 2016. 

16   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The Company recorded no other-than-temporary
impairment charges to the investment securities portfolios for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

There were no gross realized gains on sales
of securities available-for-sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were gross realized gains on sales
of securities available-for-sale totaling $-0- and $1.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agency obligations and Government sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities with a
fair value of $115.8 million and $112.4 million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for loan derivatives, public funds, repurchase
liabilities and repurchase agreement borrowings. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of debt securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may
differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or repay obligations with or without call or repayment
penalties: 

17   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB )
Stock  

The Company, as a member of the FHLBB,
owned $15.1 million and $21.7 million of FHLBB capital stock at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which is
equal to its FHLBB capital stock requirement. The Company evaluated its FHLBB capital stock for potential other-than-temporary
impairment at September 30, 2016. Capital adequacy, credit ratings, the value of the stock, overall financial condition of the
FHLB system and FHLBB as well as current economic factors were analyzed in the impairment analysis. The Company concluded that
its position in FHLBB capital stock is not other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Alternative Investments  

Alternative investments, which totaled
$2.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are included in other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition. The Company s alternative investments include investments in certain non-public funds, which include
limited partnerships, an equity fund and membership stocks. These investments are held at cost and were evaluated for potential
other-than-temporary impairment at September 30, 2016. The Company recognized a $219,000 and $144,000 other-than-temporary impairment
charge on its limited partnerships for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, included in other noninterest
income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recognized profit distributions in its limited partnerships
of $179,000 and $26,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See a further discussion of fair value
in Note 15   Fair Value Measurements. The Company has $619,000 in unfunded commitments remaining for its alternative investments
as of September 30, 2016. 

5.   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses   

Loans consisted of the following: 

18   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Changes in the allowance for loan losses
by segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

19   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

20   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The following table lists the allocation of the allowance by
impairment methodology and by loan segment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

21   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The following is a summary of loan delinquencies at recorded
investment values at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

22   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Nonperforming assets consist of non-accruing
loans including non-accruing loans identified as troubled debt restructurings, loans past due more than 90 days and still accruing
interest and other real estate owned. The following table lists nonperforming assets at: 

23   

First Connecticut Bancorp,
Inc.  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired
loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

24   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following table summarizes average recorded
investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans: 

There was no interest income recognized on
a cash basis method of accounting for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

25   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables present information on
loans whose terms had been modified in a troubled debt restructuring at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The recorded investment balance of TDRs were
$21.6 million and $24.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the majority of the Company s TDRs are on accrual status. TDRs on accrual status were $10.9 million and $17.0 million
while TDRs on nonaccrual status were $10.7 million and $7.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
At September 30, 2016, 100% of the accruing TDRs have been performing in accordance with the restructured terms. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the allowance for loan losses included specific reserves of $282,000 and $340,000 related to TDRs,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Bank had charge-offs totaling $28,000 and $204,000, respectively,
related to portions of TDRs deemed to be uncollectible. The Bank may provide additional funds to borrowers in TDR status. The amount
of additional funds available to borrowers in TDR status was $87,000 and $272,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

26   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables include the recorded investment
and number of modifications for modified loans. The Company reports the recorded investment in the loans prior to a modification
and also the recorded investment in the loans after the loans were restructured for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015: 

(1)  The
    period end balances are inclusive of all partial paydowns and charge-offs since the modification date.  TDRs fully
    paid off, charged-off or foreclosed upon    by period end are not included. 

The following tables provide TDR loans that
were modified by means of extended maturity, below market adjusted interest rates, a combination of rate and maturity, or by other
means including covenant modifications, forbearance and/or the concessions and borrowers discharged in bankruptcy for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

27   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

A TDR is considered to be in re-default once
it is more than 30 days past due following a modification. There were no loans that defaulted during the twelve month period preceding
the modification date during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The following loans defaulted during the twelve
month period preceding the modification date during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

(1)  The period end balances are inclusive of all partial paydowns
and charge-offs since the modification date. TDRs fully paid off, charged-off or foreclosed upon by period end are not included. 

28   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Credit Quality Information  

At the time of loan origination, a risk rating
based on a nine point grading system is assigned to each commercial-related loan based on the loan officer s and management s
assessment of the risk associated with each particular loan. This risk assessment is based on an in depth analysis of a variety
of factors. More complex loans and larger commitments require the Company s internal credit risk management department further
evaluate the risk rating of the individual loan or relationship, with credit risk management having final determination of the
appropriate risk rating. These more complex loans and relationships receive ongoing periodic review to assess the appropriate risk
rating on a post-closing basis with changes made to the risk rating as the borrower s and economic conditions warrant. The
Company s risk rating system is designed to be a dynamic system and we grade loans on a  real time  basis. The
Company places considerable emphasis on risk rating accuracy, risk rating justification, and risk rating triggers. The Company s
risk rating process has been enhanced with its implementation of industry-based risk rating  cards.  The cards are
used by the loan officers and promote risk rating accuracy and consistency on an institution-wide basis. Most loans are reviewed
annually as part of a comprehensive portfolio review conducted by management and/or by an independent loan review firm. More frequent
reviews of loans rated low pass, special mention, substandard and doubtful are conducted by the credit risk management department.
The Company utilizes an independent loan review consulting firm to review its rating accuracy and the overall credit quality of
its loan portfolio. The review is designed to provide an evaluation of the portfolio with respect to risk rating profile as well
as with regard to the soundness of individual loan files. The individual loan reviews include an analysis of the creditworthiness
of obligors, via appropriate key ratios and cash flow analysis and an assessment of collateral protection. The consulting firm
conducts two loan reviews per year aiming at a 65.0% or higher commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate portfolio
penetration. Summary findings of all loan reviews performed by the outside consulting firm are reported to the board of directors
and senior management of the Company upon completion. 

The Company utilizes a point risk rating scale
as follows: 

Risk Rating Definitions  

Residential and consumer loans are not rated
unless they are 45 days or more delinquent, in which case, depending on past-due days, they will be rated 6, 7 or 8. 

Loans rated 1   5, 55:  
      Commercial loans in these categories are considered  pass  rated loans with low to average risk.   

Loans rated 6:  
      Residential, Consumer and Commercial loans in this category are considered  special mention.  These loans are starting to show signs of potential weakness and are being closely monitored by management.   

Loans rated 7:  
      Loans in this category are considered  substandard.  Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligors and/or the collateral pledged. There is a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness is not corrected.   

Loans rated 8:  
      Loans in this category are considered  doubtful.  Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, highly questionable and improbable.   

Loans rated 9:  
      Loans in this category are considered uncollectible ( loss ) and of such little value that their continuance as loans is not warranted.   

29   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following table presents the Company s
loans by risk rating at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company places considerable emphasis on
the early identification of problem assets, problem-resolution and minimizing loss exposure. Delinquency notices are mailed monthly
to all delinquent borrowers, advising them of the amount of their delinquency. Residential and consumer lending borrowers are typically
given 30 days to pay the delinquent payments or to contact us to make arrangements to bring the loan current over a longer period
of time. Generally, if a residential or consumer lending borrower fails to bring the loan current within 90 days from the original
due date or to make arrangements to cure the delinquency over a longer period of time, the matter is referred to legal counsel
and foreclosure or other collection proceedings are initiated. The Company may consider forbearance or a loan restructuring in
certain circumstances where a temporary loss of income is the primary cause of the delinquency, and if a reasonable plan is presented
by the borrower to cure the delinquency in a reasonable period of time after his or her income resumes. Problem or delinquent borrowers
in our commercial real estate, commercial business and resort portfolios are handled on a case-by-case basis, typically by our
Special Assets Department. Appropriate problem-resolution and workout strategies are formulated based on the specific facts and
circumstances. 

30   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

6.   Mortgage Servicing Rights   

The Company services residential real estate
mortgage loans that it has sold without recourse to third parties. The carrying value of mortgage servicing rights was $4.4 million
and $4.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and the balance is included in prepaid expenses and
other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights approximated
$4.4 million and $5.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Mortgage servicing rights impairment totaling
$283,000 and $-0- for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is included as a component of other noninterest
income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Total loans sold with servicing rights retained were $106.9 million
and $149.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The net gain on loans sold totaled $2.2
million and $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The principal balance of loans serviced for
others, which are not included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, totaled $522.4 million and $457.5
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loan servicing fees for others totaling $897,000 and $653,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are included as a component of other noninterest income in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 

7.   Credit Arrangements   

The Company has access to a pre-approved line
of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ) for $8.8 million, which was undrawn at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company has access to pre-approved unsecured lines of credit with financial institutions totaling
$55.0 million and $45.0 million, which were undrawn at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company has
access to a $3.5 million unsecured line of credit agreement with a bank which expires on August 31, 2017. The line was undrawn
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company maintains a cash balance of $512,500 with certain financial institutions
to avoid fees associated with the lines. 

In accordance with an agreement with the FHLBB,
the Company is required to maintain qualified collateral, as defined in the FHLBB Statement of Credit Policy, free and clear of
liens, pledges and encumbrances, as collateral for the advances, if any, and the preapproved line of credit. The Company is in
compliance with these collateral requirements. 

FHLBB advances totaled $220.6 million and $377.6
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Advances from the FHLBB are collateralized by first residential
and commercial mortgages and home equity lines of credit with an estimated eligible collateral value of $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company had available borrowings of $518.5 million and $407.8 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, subject to collateral requirements of the FHLBB. The Company also had
letters of credit of $95.5 million and $63.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, subject to collateral
requirements of the FHLBB. The Company is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLBB in an amount at least
equal to the sum of 0.35% of the aggregate principal amount of its unpaid residential mortgage loans and similar obligations at
the beginning of each year, or up to 4.5% of its advances (borrowings) from the FHLBB. The carrying value of FHLBB stock approximates
fair value based on the redemption provisions of the stock. 

The Company participates in the Federal Reserve
Bank s discount window loan collateral program that enables the Company to borrow up to $66.6 million and $63.2 million on
an overnight basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and was undrawn as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. The funding arrangement was collateralized by $135.1 million and $136.6 million in pledged commercial real estate loans
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

31   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The Bank has a Master Repurchase Agreement
borrowing facility with a broker. Borrowings under the Master Repurchase Agreement are secured by the Company s investments
in certain securities with a fair value of $11.0 million and $11.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Outstanding borrowings totaled $10.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Bank offers overnight repurchase liability
agreements to commercial or municipal customers whose excess deposit account balances are swept daily into collateralized repurchase
liability accounts. The overnight repurchase liability agreements do not contain master netting arrangements. The Bank had repurchase
liabilities outstanding of $35.0 million and $35.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. They are
secured by the Company s investment in specific issues of U.S. Treasury obligations, Government sponsored residential mortgage-backed
securities and U.S. Government agency obligations with a market value of $41.4 million and $40.4 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Deposit balances are as follows: 

The Company has established a relationship
to participate in a reciprocal deposit program with other financial institutions as a service to our customers. This program provides
enhanced FDIC insurance to participating customers. The Company also has established a relationship for brokered deposits. There
were brokered deposits totaling $43.2 million and $44.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Time certificates of deposit in denominations
of $250,000 or more approximated $106.3 million and $89.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

32   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

9.   Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   

The following tables set forth the components
of net periodic pension and benefit costs. 

The Company s non-contributory defined-benefit
pension plan and certain defined benefit postretirement plans were frozen as of February 28, 2013 and no additional benefits will
accrue. 

The Company s funding practice is to
meet the minimum funding standards established by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Since the supplemental plan
and the postretirement benefit plans are unfunded, the Company accrues for the estimated costs of these plans through charges to
expense during the year that employees render service. The Company makes contributions to cover the current benefits paid under
these plans. 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan  

The Company established the ESOP to provide
eligible employees the opportunity to own Company stock. The Company provided a loan to the Farmington Bank Employee Stock Ownership
Plan Trust in the amount needed to purchase up to 1,430,416 shares of the Company s common stock. The loan bears an interest
rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus one percentage point, adjusted annually, and provides for annual payments
of interest and principal over the 15 year term of the loan. At September 30, 2016, the loan had an outstanding balance of $12.0
million and an interest rate of 4.50%. The Bank has committed to make contributions to the ESOP sufficient to support the debt
service of the loan. The loan is secured by the unallocated shares purchased. The ESOP compensation expense was $1.2 million and
$1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

33   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Shares held by the ESOP include the following
as of September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of unallocated ESOP shares was
$15.7 million at September 30, 2016. 

10.   Stock Incentive Plans   

In May 2016, the Company s shareholders
approved the First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). The 2016 Plan provides for
a total of 300,000 shares of common stock for issuance upon the grant or exercise of awards. The Company has not issued any shares
from the 2016 Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

In August 2012, the Company implemented the
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ). The 2012 Plan provides for a total of
2,503,228 shares of common stock for issuance upon the grant or exercise of awards. The Plan allows for the granting of 1,788,020
non-qualified stock options and 715,208 shares of restricted stock. 

In accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles for Share-Based Payments, the Company expenses the fair value of all share-based compensation grants over the requisite
service periods. Under the 2012 Plan, stock options granted vested 20% immediately and will vest 20% at each annual anniversary
of the grant date through 2016 and expire ten years after grant date. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the fair
values of these awards, which vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. Restricted shares
granted vested 20% immediately and will vest 20% at each annual anniversary of the grant date through 2016. The product of the
number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company s common stock determines the fair value of restricted
shares under the Company s restricted stock plan. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of restricted
shares on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 

The Company classifies share-based compensation
for employees within  Salaries and employee benefits  and share-based payments for outside directors within  Other
operating expenses  in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company recorded $1.8 million and $2.5 million of share-based compensation expense, respectively, comprised of $726,000 and $1.0
million of stock option expense, respectively and $1.1 million and $1.5 million of restricted stock expense, respectively. Expected
future compensation expense relating to the 49,150 non-vested options outstanding at September 30, 2016, is $150,000 over the remaining
weighted-average period of 2.32 years. 

The fair value of the options awarded is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected
volatility is based on the Company s historical volatility and the historical volatility of a peer group as the Company does
not have reliably determined stock price for the period needed that is at least equal to its expected term and the Company s
recent historical volatility may not reflect future expectations. The peer group consisted of financial institutions located in
New England and the Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States based on whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange,
asset size, tangible capital ratio and earnings factors. The expected term of options granted is derived from using the simplified
method due to the Company not having sufficient historical share option experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The
risk-free rate is based on the grant date for a traded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term equal to the option s expected
term. 

34   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Weighted-average assumptions for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following is a summary of the Company s
stock option activity and related information for its option grants for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $416,000. 

The following is a summary of the status of
the Company s restricted stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

35   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

11.   Derivative Financial Instruments   

Non-Hedge Accounting Derivatives/Non-designated
Hedges:  

The Company does not use derivatives for trading
or speculative purposes. Interest rate swap derivatives not designated as hedges are offered to certain qualifying commercial customers
and to manage the Company s exposure to interest rate movements but do not meet the strict hedge accounting under FASB ASC
815,  Derivatives and Hedging . The interest rate swap agreements enable these customers to synthetically fix the interest
rate on variable interest rate loans. The customers pay a variable rate and enter into a fixed rate swap agreement with the Company.
The credit risk associated with the interest rate swap derivatives executed with these customers is essentially the same as that
involved in extending loans and is subject to the Company s normal credit policies. The Company obtains collateral, if needed,
based upon its assessment of the customers  credit quality. Generally, interest rate swap agreements are offered to  pass 
rated customers requesting long-term commercial loans or commercial mortgages in amounts generally of at least $1.0 million. The
interest rate swap agreement with our customers is cross-collateralized by the loan collateral. The interest rate swap agreements
do not have any embedded interest rate caps or floors. 

For every variable interest rate swap agreement
entered into with a commercial customer, the Company simultaneously enters into a fixed rate interest rate swap agreement with
a correspondent bank, agreeing to pay a fixed income stream and receive a variable interest rate swap. The Company is party to
master netting agreements with its correspondent banks; however, the Company does not offset assets and liabilities for financial
statement presentation purposes. The master netting agreements provide for a single net settlement of all swap agreements, as well
as collateral, in the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract. Collateral generally in the form of cash is received
or posted by the counterparty with the net liability position, in accordance with contract thresholds. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company maintained a cash balance of $26.7 million with a correspondent bank to collateralize its position. The Company has
an agreement with a correspondent bank to secure any outstanding receivable in excess of $10.0 million. 

Credit-risk-related Contingent Features

The Company s agreements with its derivative
counterparties contain the following provisions: 

if the Company defaults on any of its
indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could
also be declared in default on its derivative obligations;    

if the Company fails to maintain its status
as a well/adequately capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions, and the Company would
be required to settle its obligations under the agreements;    

if the Company fails to maintain a specified
minimum leverage ratio, then the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations; and     

if a specified event or condition occurs
that materially changes the Company s creditworthiness in an adverse manner, it may be required to fully collateralize its
obligations under the derivative instrument.    

The Company is in compliance with the above
provisions as of September 30, 2016. 

36   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The Company has established a derivatives policy
which sets forth the parameters for such transactions (including underwriting guidelines, rate setting process, maximum maturity,
approval and documentation requirements), as well as identifies internal controls for the management of risks related to these
hedging activities (such as approval of counterparties, limits on counterparty credit risk, maximum loan amounts, and limits to
single dealer counterparties). 

The interest rate swap derivatives executed
with our customers and our counterparties, are marked to market and are included with prepaid expenses and other assets and accrued
expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. The Company had the following
outstanding interest rate swaps that were not designated for hedge accounting: 

The Company recorded the changes in the fair
value of non-hedge accounting derivatives as a component of other noninterest income except for interest received and paid which
is reported in interest income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

37   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Mortgage Banking Derivatives  

Certain derivative instruments, primarily forward
sales of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) are utilized by the Company in its efforts to manage
risk of loss associated with its mortgage loan commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. Prior to closing and funding certain
single-family residential mortgage loans, an interest-rate lock commitment is generally extended to the borrower. During the period
from commitment date to closing date, the Company is subject to the risk that market rates of interest may change. If market rates
rise, investors generally will pay less to purchase such loans resulting in a reduction in the gain on sale of the loans or, possibly,
a loss. In an effort to mitigate such risk, forward delivery sales commitments, under which the Company agrees to deliver whole
mortgage loans to various investors or issue MBS, are established. At September 30, 2016, the notional amount of outstanding rate
locks totaled approximately $37.7 million. The notional amount of outstanding commitments to sell residential mortgage loans totaled
approximately $38.5 million, which included mandatory forward commitments totaling approximately $31.4 million at September 30,
2016. The forward commitments establish the price to be received upon the sale of the related mortgage loan, thereby mitigating
certain interest rate risk. There is, however, still certain execution risk specifically related to the Company s ability
to close and deliver to its investors the mortgage loans it has committed to sell. 

12.   Offsetting of Financial Assets and Liabilities   

The following tables present the remaining
contractual maturities of the Company s repurchase agreement borrowings and repurchase liabilities as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, disaggregated by the class of collateral pledged. 

The right of setoff for a repurchase agreement
resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral pledged by the Company would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase
agreements should the Company be in default (e.g., fail to make an interest payment to the counterparty). The collateral is held
by a third party financial institution in the Company's trustee account. The counterparty has the right to sell or repledge the
investment securities if the Company defaults. The Company is required by the counterparty to maintain adequate collateral levels.
In the event the collateral fair value falls below stipulated levels, the Company will pledge additional securities. The Company
closely monitors collateral levels to ensure adequate levels are maintained, while mitigating the potential risk of over-collateralization
in the event of counterparty default. 

38   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables present the potential
effect of rights of setoff associated with the Company s recognized financial assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

39   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

13.   Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk   

The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit
and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The contract amounts
of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. 

The Company s exposure to credit loss
in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by
the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations
as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk are as follows: 

Financial instruments with off-balance sheet
risk had a valuation allowance of $86,000 and $501,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company
evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary
by the Company upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held is
primarily residential property and commercial assets. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had no off-balance sheet special purpose entities and participated in no securitizations of assets. 

14.   Significant Group Concentrations of Credit Risk   

The Company primarily grants commercial, residential
and consumer loans to customers located within its primary market area in the state of Connecticut and western Massachusetts. The
majority of the Company s loan portfolio is comprised of commercial and residential mortgages. The Company has no negative
amortization or option adjustable rate mortgage loans. 

40   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

15.   Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value estimates are made as of a specific
point in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information. In accordance with FASB ASC 820-10,
the fair value estimates are measured within the fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs
(Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC 820-10 are described as follows: 

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
assets or liabilities;   

Level 2 - Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly, for substantially
the full term of the asset or liability;   

Level 3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable
(i.e., supported by little or no market activity).   

Categorization within the valuation hierarchy
is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. When available, quoted market prices
are used. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques
involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, discount rates, and estimates of future cash flows, future expected loss experience and other
factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates. Derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated
by comparison to independent markets and, in certain cases, could not be realized in an immediate sale of the instrument. 

Fair value estimates are based on existing
financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities
that are not financial instruments. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not purport to represent the underlying
market value of the Company. There were no transfers between levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

41   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis  

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value: 

Securities Available-for-Sale:  Investment
securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices,
if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models. Level 1 securities
are those traded on active markets for identical securities including U.S. treasury obligations, preferred equity securities and
marketable equity securities. Level 2 securities include U.S. treasury obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, government-sponsored
residential mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt securities, trust preferred debt securities, and mutual funds. When a market
is illiquid or there is a lack of transparency around the inputs to valuation, the respective securities are classified as level
3 and reliance is placed upon internally developed models and management judgment and evaluation for valuation. The Company had
no Level 3 securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Company utilizes a third party, nationally-recognized
pricing service ( pricing service ); subject to review by management, to estimate fair value measurements for the majority
of its investment securities portfolio. The pricing service evaluates each asset class based on relevant market information considering
observable data that may include dealer quotes, reported trades, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, the
LIBOR swap yield curve, trade execution data, market prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions,
among other things. The fair value prices on all investment securities are reviewed for reasonableness by management. Also, management
assessed the valuation techniques used by the pricing service based on a review of their pricing methodology to ensure proper pricing
and hierarchy classifications. Management employs procedures to monitor the pricing service s assumptions and establishes
processes to challenge the pricing service s valuations that appear unusual or unexpected. 

Interest Rate Swap Derivatives:  The
fair values of interest rate swap agreements are calculated using a discounted cash flow approach and utilize observable inputs
such as the LIBOR swap curve, effective date, maturity date, notional amount, stated interest rate and are classified within Level
2 of the valuation hierarchy. Such derivatives are basic interest rate swaps that do not have any embedded interest rate caps and
floors. 

Forward loan sale commitments and derivative
loan commitments:  Forward loan sale commitments and derivative loan commitments are based on fair values of the underlying
mortgage loans and the probability of such commitments being exercised. Significant management judgment and estimation is required
in determining these fair value measurements therefore are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The Company recognized
a gain of $146,000 and $52,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, included in other noninterest
income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 

42   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables detail the financial instruments
carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and indicate the fair value hierarchy
of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine the fair value: 

43   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following table presents additional information
about assets measured at fair value for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs. 

The following tables present the valuation
methodology and unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

September 30, 2016  

Significant    

(Dollars in thousands)    
     Fair Value       
     Valuation Methodology    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Input     

Derivative and forward loan sales  commitments, net    
     $  283       
     Adjusted quoted prices in active markets    
     Embedded servicing value    
        1.01  %  

December 31, 2015  

Significant    

(Dollars in thousands)    
     Fair Value       
     Valuation Methodology    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Input     

Derivative and forward loan sales  commitments, net    
     $  137       
     Adjusted quoted prices in active markets    
     Embedded servicing value    
        1.28  %  

The embedded servicing value represents the
value assigned for mortgage servicing rights and based on management s judgment. When the embedded servicing value increases
or decreases there is a direct correlation with fair value. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  

Certain assets and liabilities are measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. These include assets that are
measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period as well as assets
that are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such
as when there is evidence of impairment. 

The following table details the financial instruments
carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and indicates the fair value hierarchy
of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine the fair value: 

September 30, 2016       
     December 31, 2015     

Quoted Prices in       
     Significant       
     Significant       
     Quoted Prices in       
     Significant       
     Significant     

Active Markets for       
     Observable       
     Unobservable       
     Active Markets for       
     Observable       
     Unobservable     

Identical Assets       
     Inputs       
     Inputs       
     Identical Assets       
     Inputs       
     Inputs     

(Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)       
     (Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    

Impaired loans    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  1,990       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  4,225     
 
     Mortgage servicing rights    
        -       
        -       
        4,401       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Other real estate owned    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        279     

44   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments measured on a non-recurring basis: 

Mortgage Servicing Rights:  A mortgage
servicing right asset represents the amount by which the present value of the estimated future net cash flows to be received from
servicing loans are expected to more than adequately compensate the Company for performing the servicing. The fair value of servicing
rights is estimated using a present value cash flow model. The most important assumptions used in the valuation model are the
anticipated rate of the loan prepayments and discount rates. Adjustments are only recorded when the discounted cash flows derived
from the valuation model are less than the carrying value of the asset. Mortgage servicing rights impairment totaling $283,000
and $-0- for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is included as a component of other noninterest
income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. As such, measurement at fair value is on a nonrecurring basis. Although
some assumptions in determining fair value are based on standards used by market participants, some are based on unobservable
inputs and therefore are classified in Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Loans Held for Sale:  Loans held for
sale are accounted for at the lower of cost or market and are considered to be recognized at fair value when recorded at below
cost. The fair value of loans held for sale is based on quoted market prices of similar loans sold in conjunction with securitization
transactions, adjusted as required for changes in loan characteristics. 

Impaired Loans:  Impaired loans for which
repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the value of the underlying collateral are considered collateral dependent
and are valued based on the estimated fair value of such collateral using Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria.
As appraisals on impaired loans are not necessarily completed on the period end dates presented in the table above, the fair value
information presented may not reflect the actual fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Other Real Estate Owned:  The Company
classifies property acquired through foreclosure or acceptance of deed-in-lieu of foreclosure as other real estate owned in its
financial statements. Upon foreclosure, the property securing the loan is written down to fair value less selling costs. The write
down is based upon the difference between the appraised value and the book value. Appraisals are based on observable market data
such as comparable sales within the real estate market, however assumptions made in determining comparability are unobservable
and therefore these assets are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. As appraisals on foreclosed real estate
are not necessarily completed on the period end dates presented in the table above, the fair value information presented may not
reflect the actual fair value as of December 31, 2015. 

45   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables present the valuation
methodology and unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments  

The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating its fair value disclosure for financial instruments: 

Cash and cash equivalents:  The carrying
amounts reported in the statement of condition for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets  fair values. 

Investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of
Boston ( FHLBB ) stock:  FHLBB stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and is assumed to have a fair
value equal to its carrying value. Ownership of FHLBB stock is restricted to the FHLBB, and can only be purchased and redeemed
at par value. 

Alternative Investments:  The Company
accounts for its percentage ownership of alternative investment funds at cost, subject to impairment testing. These are non-public
investments which include limited partnerships, an equity fund and membership stocks. These alternative investments totaled $2.3
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company recognized a $219,000 and $144,000 other-than-temporary impairment
charge on its limited partnerships for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, included in other noninterest
income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recognized profit distributions in its limited partnerships
of $179,000 and $26,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company has $619,000 in unfunded
commitments remaining for its alternative investments as of September 30, 2016. 

Loans:  In general, discount rates used
to calculate values for loan products were based on the Company s pricing at the respective period end and included appropriate
adjustments for expected credit losses. A higher discount rate was assumed with respect to estimated cash flows associated with
nonaccrual loans. Projected loan cash flows were adjusted for estimated credit losses. However, such estimates made by the Company
may not be indicative of assumptions and adjustments that a purchaser of the Company s loans would seek. 

Deposits:  The fair values disclosed
for demand deposits and savings accounts (e.g., interest and noninterest checking and passbook savings) are, by definition, equal
to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). The carrying amounts for variable-rate, fixed-term
certificates of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting date. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit
are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a
schedule of aggregate expected monthly maturities of time deposits. 

46   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Borrowed funds:  The fair values for
borrowed funds, including FHLBB advances and repurchase borrowings, are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on
the Company s current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of agreements. 

Repurchase liabilities:  Repurchase liabilities
represent a short-term customer sweep account product. Because of the short-term nature of these liabilities, the carrying amount
approximates its fair value. 

The following presents the carrying amount,
fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. For short-term financial assets such as cash and cash equivalents, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate
of fair value due to the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization.  

The Company and the Bank are subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on their financial statements. 

Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.
The Company s and the Bank s capital amounts and classifications are also subject to quantitative judgments by the
regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

47   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve published
final rules for the adoption of the Basel III regulatory capital framework (the  Basel III Capital Rules ). The Basel
III Capital Rules, among other things, (i) introduced a new capital measure called  Common Equity Tier 1 , (ii) specify
that Tier 1 capital consists of Common Equity Tier 1 and  Additional Tier 1 Capital  instruments meeting specified requirements,
(iii) define Common Equity Tier 1 narrowly by requiring that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made
to Common Equity Tier 1 and not to the other components of capital and (iv) expand the scope of the deductions/adjustments as compared
to existing regulations and a higher minimum Tier I capital requirement. Additionally, institutions must maintain a capital conservation
buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater than 2.5% of total risk-weighted assets to avoid being subject to limitations
on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for
the Company beginning on January 1, 2015 with certain transition provisions fully phased in through January 1, 2019. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below)
of total capital, Tier I capital and common equity Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined
in the regulations) and of Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) to average assets (as defined in the regulations). 

Management believes, as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 that the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. The Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation categorizes the Company and the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action as of September 30, 2016. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company and the Bank must maintain minimum
total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, common equity Tier I capital and Tier I leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are
no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the institution s category. 

The following table provides information on
the capital amounts and ratios for the Company and the Bank: 

48   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

17.   Other Comprehensive Income   

The following tables present the changes in
accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax by component: 

49   

First
    Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.     
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

The following tables present a reconciliation
of the changes in components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
including the amount of income tax expense allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss): 

(1)  Amounts are included in salaries and employee benefits
in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Company and its subsidiary are involved
in various legal proceedings which have arisen in the normal course of business. The Company believes the resolution of these legal
actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

50   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking
statements.  You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as  may,   will, 
 anticipate,   assume,   should,   indicate,   would,   believe, 
 contemplate,   expect,   estimate,   continue,   plan,   project, 
 could,   intend,   target  and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;    

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating
strategies;    

statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment
portfolios; and    

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.    

These forward-looking statements are based
on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject
to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 

The following factors, among others, could
cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 

Local, regional and national business or economic conditions may differ
from those expected.    

The effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies
and laws, including the U.S. Federal Reserve Board s interest rate policies, may adversely affect our business.    

The ability to increase market share and control expenses may be more
difficult than anticipated.    

Changes in laws and regulatory requirements (including those concerning
taxes, banking, securities and insurance) may adversely affect us or our business.    

Changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by
regulatory agencies, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, may affect expected
financial reporting.    

Future changes in interest rates may reduce our profits which could
have a negative impact on the value of our stock.    

We are subject to lending risk and could incur losses in our loan
portfolio despite our underwriting practices. Changes in real estate values could also increase our lending risk.    

Changes in demand for loan products, financial products and deposit
flow could impact our financial performance.    

Strong competition within our market area may limit our growth and
profitability.    

If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual
loan losses, our earnings could decrease.    

Our stock value may be negatively affected by federal regulations
and articles of incorporation provisions restricting takeovers.    

51   

Implementation of stock benefit plans will increase our costs, which
will reduce our income.    

The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in dramatic regulatory changes that
affects the industry in general, and may impact our competitive position in ways that cannot be predicted at this time.    

The increased cost of maintaining or the Company s ability to
maintain adequate liquidity and capital, based on the requirements adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and U.S.
regulators.    

Changes to the amount and timing of proposed common stock repurchases.    

Computer systems on which we depend could fail or experience a security
breach, implementation of new technologies may not be successful; and our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes
can affect our ability to meet customer needs.    

We may not manage the risks involved in
the foregoing as well as anticipated.    

Any forward-looking statements made by
or on behalf of us in this Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not undertake to update forward-looking
statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made. The
reader should, however, consider any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature we may make in future filings. The Company
wishes to advise readers that the factors listed above could affect the Company s financial performance and could cause the
Company s actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to
future periods in any current statements. 

General  

First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. is a Maryland-chartered
stock holding company that wholly owns Farmington Bank. Farmington Bank is a full-service, community bank with 24 branch locations
throughout central Connecticut and western Massachusetts, offering commercial and residential lending as well as wealth management
services. Established in 1851, Farmington Bank is a diversified consumer and commercial bank with an ongoing commitment to contribute
to the betterment of the communities in our region. 

Our business strategy is to operate as
a well-capitalized and profitable community bank for businesses, individuals and local governments, with an ongoing commitment
to provide quality customer service. 

Maintaining a strong capital position
in excess of the well-capitalized standards set by our banking regulators to support our current operations and future growth .
The FDIC s requirement for a  well-capitalized  bank is a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater.
As of September 30, 2016 our total risk-based capital ratio was 12.57%.    

Increasing our focus on commercial
lending and continuing to expand commercial banking operations.  We will continue to focus on commercial lending and the origination
of commercial loans using prudent lending standards. We plan to continue to grow our commercial lending portfolio, while enhancing
our complementary business products and services.    

Continuing to focus on residential
and consumer lending in conjunction with our secondary market residential lending program.  We offer traditional residential
and consumer lending products and plan to continue to build a strong residential and consumer lending program that supports our
secondary market residential lending program. Under our expanding secondary market residential lending program, we may sell a portion
of our fixed rate residential originations while retaining the loan servicing function and mitigating our interest rate risk.    

Maintaining asset quality and prudent
lending standards.  We will continue to originate all loans utilizing prudent lending standards in an effort to maintain strong
asset quality. While our delinquencies and charge-offs have decreased, we continue to diligently manage our collection function
to minimize loan losses and non-performing assets. We will continue to employ sound risk management practices as we continue to
expand our lending portfolio.    

52   

Expanding our existing products and
services and developing new products and services to meet the changing needs of consumers and businesses in our market area. 
We will continue to evaluate our consumer and business customers  needs to ensure that we continue to offer relevant, up-to-date
products and services.    

Continue expansion through de novo
branching.  We recently expanded into western Massachusetts opening two de novo branches in the fourth quarter of 2015 and opened
a de novo branch in Vernon, Connecticut during the second quarter of 2016. We plan to open a branch in Manchester, Connecticut
in 2017 and continue to evaluate future growth through de novo branching.     

Continuing to control non-interest
expenses . As part of our strategic plan, we have implemented several programs designed to control costs. We monitor our expense
ratios and plan to reduce our efficiency ratio by controlling expenses and increasing net interest income and noninterest income.
We plan to continue to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of our business processes and our efficiency, utilizing information
technology when possible.    

Taking advantage of acquisition opportunities
that are consistent with our strategic growth plans.  We intend to continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire other financial
institutions and financial service related businesses in our current market area or contiguous market areas that will enable us
to enhance our existing products and services and develop new products and services. We have no specific plans, agreements or understandings
with respect to any expansion or acquisition opportunities.    

Critical Accounting
Policies  

The accounting policies
followed by us conform with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Critical accounting policies
are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that our most critical accounting policies, which involve
the most complex subjective decisions or assessments, relate to allowance for loan losses, other-than-temporary impairment of investment
securities, income taxes and pension and other post-retirement benefits. The following is a description of our critical accounting
policies and an explanation of the methods and assumptions underlying their application. 

Allowance for Loan
Losses : The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb potential losses inherent
in the loan portfolio as of the statement of condition date. The allowance for loan losses consists of a formula allowance following
FASB ASC 450    Contingencies  and FASB ASC 310    Receivables . The allowance for loan losses
is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are
charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries,
if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for
loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis by management. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates
that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general, allocated
and unallocated components, as further described below. All reserves are available to cover any losses regardless of how they are
allocated. 

General component:  

The general component
of the allowance for loan losses is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors stratified by the following
loan segments: residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, installment, commercial, collateral, home equity
line of credit, demand, revolving credit and resort. Construction loans include classes for commercial investment real estate construction,
commercial owner occupied construction, residential development, residential subdivision construction and residential owner occupied
construction loans. Management uses a rolling average of historical losses based on a time frame appropriate to capture relevant
loss data for each loan segment. This historical loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors: levels/trends in
delinquencies and nonaccrual loans; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting
standards and other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; experience/ability/depth of lending management and staff;
and national and local economic trends and conditions. There were no material changes in the Company s policies or methodology
pertaining to the general component of the allowance for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

53   

The qualitative factors
are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio
segment are as follows: 

Residential real estate
  Residential real estate loans are generally originated in amounts up to 95.0% of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase
price of the property, with private mortgage insurance required on loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 80.0%. The Company
does not grant subprime loans. All loans in this segment are collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment
is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. All residential mortgage loans are underwritten pursuant to secondary
market underwriting guidelines which include minimum FICO standards. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment
rates and housing prices, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Commercial real estate
  Loans in this segment are primarily originated to finance income-producing properties throughout the northeastern states.
The underlying cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased
vacancy rates, which in turn, may have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management generally obtains rent rolls
and other financial information, as appropriate on an annual basis and continually monitors the cash flows of these loans. 

Construction loans
  Loans in this segment include commercial construction loans, real estate subdivision development loans to developers, licensed
contractors and builders for the construction and development of commercial real estate projects and residential properties. Construction
lending contains a unique risk characteristic as loans are originated under market and economic conditions that may change between
the time of origination and the completion and subsequent purchaser financing of the property. In addition, construction subdivision
loans and commercial and residential construction loans to contractors and developers entail additional risks as compared to single-family
residential mortgage lending to owner-occupants. These loans typically involve large loan balances concentrated in single borrowers
or groups of related borrowers. Real estate subdivision development loans to developers, licensed contractors and builders are
generally speculative real estate development loans for which payment is derived from sale of the property. Credit risk may be
affected by cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate price, and market conditions. Construction financing is generally considered
to involve a higher degree of credit risk than longer-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Residential construction
credit quality may be impacted by the overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices. 

Commercial  
Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the
cash flows of the business. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer spending, will have an effect on the credit quality
in this segment. 

Home equity line of
credit   Loans in this segment include home equity loans and lines of credit underwritten with a loan-to-value ratio generally
limited to no more than 80%, including any first mortgage. Our home equity lines of credit have ten-year terms and adjustable rates
of interest which are indexed to the prime rate. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices,
may have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. 

Installment, Collateral,
Demand, Revolving Credit and Resort   Loans in these segments include loans principally to customers residing in our primary
market area with acceptable credit ratings. Our installment and collateral consumer loans generally consist of loans on new and
used automobiles, loans collateralized by deposit accounts and unsecured personal loans. The overall health of the economy, including
unemployment rates and housing prices, may have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Excluding collateral loans which
are fully collateralized by a deposit account, repayment for loans in these segments is dependent on the credit quality of the
individual borrower. The resort portfolio consists of a direct receivable loan outside the Northeast which is amortizing to its
contractual obligations. The Company has exited the resort financing market with a residual portfolio remaining. 

54   

Allocated component : 

The allocated component
relates to loans that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial real estate, construction,
commercial and resort loans by the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate; the fair value
of the collateral, if applicable; or the observable market price for the loan. An allowance is established when the discounted
cash flows (or collateral value) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The Company does not separately
identify individual consumer and residential real estate loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are subject to a troubled
debt restructuring agreement or they are nonaccrual loans with outstanding balances greater than $100,000. 

A loan is considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management
in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest
payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the
borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment
is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. Management updates the analysis quarterly. The assumptions used in appraisals are reviewed for appropriateness.
Updated appraisals or valuations are obtained as needed or adjusted to reflect the estimated decline in the fair value based upon
current market conditions for comparable properties. 

The Company periodically
may agree to modify the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing
financial difficulty, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). All TDRs are classified as
impaired. 

Unallocated component : 

An unallocated component
is maintained, when needed, to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated
component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies
for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. The Company s Loan Policy allows management to utilize a
high and low range of 0.0% to 5.0% of our total allowance for loan losses when establishing an unallocated allowance, when considered
necessary. The unallocated allowance is used to provide for an unidentified loss that may exist in emerging problem loans that
cannot be fully quantified or may be affected by conditions not fully understood as of the balance sheet date. There was no unallocated
allowance at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Other-than-Temporary
Impairment of Securities:  In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting
Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) 320   Debt and Equity Securities, a decline in market value of a debt
security below amortized cost that is deemed other-than-temporary is charged to earnings for the credit related
other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) resulting in the establishment of a new cost basis for the security,
while the non-credit related OTTI is recognized in other comprehensive income if there is no intent or requirement to sell
the security. Management reviews the securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for the presence of OTTI. An assessment is
made as to whether the decline in value results from company-specific events, industry developments, general economic
conditions, credit losses on debt or other reasons. After the reasons for the decline are identified, further judgments are
required as to whether those conditions are likely to reverse and, if so, whether that reversal is likely to result in a
recovery of the fair value of the investment in the near term. If it is judged not to be near-term, a charge is taken which
results in a new cost basis. Credit related OTTI for debt securities is recognized in earnings while non-credit related OTTI
is recognized in other comprehensive income if there is no intent to sell or will not be required to sell the security. If an
equity security is deemed other-than-temporarily impaired, the full impairment is considered to be credit-related and a
charge to earnings would be recorded. Management believes the policy for evaluating securities for other-than-temporary
impairment is critical because it involves significant judgments by management and could have a material impact on our net
income. 

55   

Gains and losses on
sales of securities are recognized at the time of sale on a specific identification basis. Marketable equity and debt securities
are classified as either trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity (applies only to debt securities). Management determines
the appropriate classifications of securities at the time of purchase. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had no debt
or equity securities classified as trading. Held-to-maturity securities are debt securities for which we have the ability and intent
to hold until maturity. All other securities not included in held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Held-to-maturity
securities are recorded at amortized cost, adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. Available-for-sale
securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available-for-sale securities
are excluded from earnings and are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, a separate component of equity, until realized. 

Premiums and discounts
on debt securities are amortized or accreted into interest income over the term of the securities using the level yield method. 

Income Taxes: 
Deferred income taxes are provided for differences arising in the timing of income and expenses for financial reporting and for
income tax purposes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides a deferred tax asset valuation allowance for the estimated
future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards when realization is determined not to be more likely
than not. 

FASB ASC 740-10
prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements
and provides guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure
and transition issues. Pursuant to FASB ASC 740-10, the Company examines its financial statements, its income tax provision
and its federal and state income tax returns and analyzes its tax positions, including permanent and temporary differences, as
well as the major components of income and expense to determine whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon
examination by tax authorities. The Company recognizes interest and penalties arising from income tax settlements as part of its
provision for income taxes. 

As part of the Plan
of Conversion and Reorganization completed on June 29, 2011, the Company contributed shares of Company common stock to the Farmington
Bank Community Foundation, Inc. This contribution resulted in a charitable contribution deduction for federal income tax purposes.
Use of that charitable contribution deduction is limited under Federal tax law to 10% of federal taxable income without regard
to charitable contributions, net operating losses, and dividend received deductions. Annually, a corporation is permitted to carry
over to the five succeeding tax years, contributions that exceeded the 10% limitation, but also subject to the maximum annual limitation.
As a result, approximately $2.9 million of charitable contribution carryforward remains at September 30, 2016 resulting in a deferred
tax asset of approximately $1.0 million. The Company believes it is more likely than not that this carryforward will not be fully
utilized before expiration in 2016. Therefore, a valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset. Some of
this charitable contribution carryforward would likely expire unutilized if the Company does not generate sufficient taxable income
over this year. The Company monitors the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 

In December 1999,
we created and have since maintained a  passive investment company  ( PIC ), as permitted by Connecticut
law. At September 30, 2016 there were no material uncertain tax positions related to federal and state income tax matters. We are
currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities for the years
ended December 31, 2013 through 2015. If the state taxing authority were to determine that the PIC was not in compliance with statutory
requirements, a material amount of taxes could be due. 

As of September 30,
2016, management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets other than the contribution carryforward will
be realized through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and future taxable income. At September 30, 2016,
our net deferred tax asset was $15.1 million with a $771,000 valuation allowance. 

Pension and Other
Postretirement Benefits:  The Company s non-contributory defined-benefit pension plan and certain defined benefit postretirement
plans were frozen as of February 28, 2013 and no additional benefits will accrue. 

56   

The Company has a
non-contributory defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits for substantially all employees hired before January 1, 2007
who meet certain requirements as to age and length of service. The benefits are based on years of service and average compensation,
as defined in the Plan Document. The Company s funding practice is to meet the minimum funding standards established by the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

In addition to providing
pension benefits, we provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Participants or eligible employees
hired before January 1, 1993 become eligible for the benefits if they retire after reaching age 62 with fifteen or more years of
service. A fixed percent of annual costs are paid depending on length of service at retirement. The Company accrues for the estimated
costs of these other post-retirement benefits through charges to expense during the years that employees render service. The Company
makes contributions to cover the current benefits paid under this plan. The Company believes the policy for determining pension
and other post-retirement benefit expenses is critical because judgments are required with respect to the appropriate discount
rate, rate of return on assets and other items. The Company reviews and updates the assumptions annually. If the Company s
estimate of pension and post-retirement expense is too low it may experience higher expenses in the future, reducing its net income.
If the Company s estimate is too high, it may experience lower expenses in the future, increasing its net income. 

57   

Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015   

Our total assets increased
$123.4 million to $2.8 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 primarily due to a $113.5 million increase in
loans. 

Our investment portfolio
totaled $141.4 million or 5.0% of total assets and $164.7 million or 6.1% of total assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. Available-for-sale investment securities totaled $134.1 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $132.4 million
at December 31, 2015. Securities held-to-maturity decreased $24.9 million to $7.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $32.2 million
at December 31, 2015 primarily due to $24.0 million being called during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company purchases
short term U.S. Treasury and agency securities in order to meet municipal and repurchase agreement pledge requirements and to minimize
interest rate risk during the sustained low interest rate environment. 

Loans increased $113.5
million to $2.5 billion as of September 30, 2016 primarily driven by a $103.0 million increase in the commercial loan portfolio.
The allowance for loan losses was $21.3 million and $20.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. At September 30,
2016, the allowance for loan losses represented 0.86% of total loans and 119.26% of non-performing loans, compared to 0.86% of
total loans and 135.44% of non-performing loans as of December 31, 2015. 

Prepaid expenses and
other assets increased $13.2 million to $33.6 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $20.4 million at December 31, 2015 primarily
due to a $13.4 million increase in the fair value of our interest rate swaps. 

Total liabilities
increased $113.5 million to $2.6 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $2.5 billion at December 31, 2015. Deposits increased
$256.5 million or 13% to $2.2 billion at September 30, 2016 which includes increases in interest-bearing deposits of $238.2 million
primarily due to a seasonality increase of $91.3 million in municipal deposits and deposits related to our two de novo branch expansion
into western Massachusetts during the fourth quarter of 2015 and our de novo branch in Vernon, Connecticut which opened during
the second quarter of 2016. There were brokered deposits totaling $43.2 million and $44.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advances decreased $157.0 million to $220.6 million at September 30, 2016
from $377.6 million at December 31, 2015 as we used the increase in the deposits to pay down the advances. 

Stockholders 
equity increased $9.9 million to $255.6 million compared to December 31, 2015 primarily due to $11.0 million in net income. The
Company paid cash dividends totaling $3.5 million or $0.22 per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 156,800 shares of common stock at an average price per share of $16.12
at a total cost of $2.5 million. Repurchased shares are held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes. 

58   

Net Interest Income Analysis: Average Balance Sheets, Interest
and Yields/Costs  

The following tables
present the average balance sheets, average yields and costs and certain other information for the periods indicated therein on
a fully tax-equivalent basis. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation
of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero percent yield. Loans held for sale average balance
are included in loans average balance. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs and premiums that are
amortized to interest income or expense. 

(1)  On a fully-tax equivalent basis.   

(2)  Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest margin represents tax-equivalent net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.   

59   

Rate Volume Analysis  

The following table
sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on tax-equivalent net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate
column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows
the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum
of the volume and rate columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume that cannot be segregated
have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Summary of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

The following discussion
provides a summary and comparison of our operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, net income decreased $442,000 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in
net income was driven by a $312,000 increase in the provision for loan losses and a $766,000 increase in noninterest expense offset
by a $444,000 increase in noninterest income. 

60   

Comparison of Operating Results for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Our results of operations
depend primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income on earning assets, such as loans and
investments, and the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We also generate
noninterest income; including service charges on deposit accounts, gain on sale of securities, income from mortgage banking activities,
bank-owned life insurance income, brokerage fees, insurance commissions and other miscellaneous fees. Our noninterest expense primarily
consists of salary and employee benefits, occupancy expense, furniture and equipment expenses, FDIC assessments, marketing and
other general and administrative expenses. Our results of operations are also affected by our provision for loan losses. 

Net
Interest Income:  Net interest income is determined by the interest rate spread (i.e., the difference between the yields
earned on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities) and the relative amounts of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income before the provision for loan losses was $17.8
million and $17.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net interest income increased
$83,000 primarily due to a $70.8 million increase in the average loan balance offset by a $628,000 increase in interest
expense. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased 4 basis points to 3.35% for the third quarter of 2016 from
3.31% for the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to a 2 basis point increase in the loans receivable yield
and increases in the investment yields. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 13 basis points to 0.79%
for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to money market and certificate of
deposit promotions and a 66 basis point increase in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advance costs due a decrease in short
term borrowings and due to the 25 basis point increase in the Federal Reserve interest rate during the first quarter of 2016.
Net interest margin decreased 5 basis points to 2.74% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2.79% in the prior year
quarter primarily due to an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 

Interest expense increased
$628,000 for the third quarter of 2016 to $4.1 million compared to the prior year quarter. The average interest-bearing deposits
balance increased $170.8 million, the cost of average interest-bearing deposits increased 7 basis points and a 66 basis point increase
in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advance costs resulted in a 13 basis point increase in the cost of average interest-bearing
liabilities to 0.79%. Average balances of noninterest-bearing deposits grew at a rate of 13.5%, while total average interest-bearing
deposits grew at a rate of 10.9% for the third quarter in 2016 compared to the prior year quarter. 

Provision for Loan
Losses:   The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level management determines to be appropriate to absorb estimated
credit losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the dates of the financial statements. Management evaluates the
adequacy of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis.
The assessment considers historical loss experience, historical and current delinquency statistics, the loan portfolio segment
and the amount of loans in the loan portfolio, the financial strength of the borrowers, adverse situations that may affect the
borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions and other credit
quality indicators. 

Management recorded
a provision for loan losses of $698,000 and $386,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
provision recorded is based upon management s analysis of the allowance for loan losses necessary to absorb the estimated
credit losses in the loan portfolio for the period. Net charge-offs (recoveries) in the third quarter of 2016 were $155,000 or
0.03% to average loans (annualized) compared to ($43,000) or (0.01%) to average loans (annualized) in the prior year quarter. 

At September 30, 2016,
the allowance for loan losses totaled $21.3 million, or 0.86% of total loans and 119.26% of non-performing loans, compared to an
allowance for loan losses of $20.2 million, or 0.86% of total loans and 135.44% of non-performing loans at December 31, 2015.  

61   

Noninterest Income:
 The following table summarizes noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Total noninterest
income increased $444,000 to $3.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to a $444,000
increase in other noninterest income. Other noninterest income increased $444,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
prior year quarter primarily due to an $180,000 increase in mortgage banking derivatives and a $302,000 increase in swap fees offset
by a $141,000 increase in impairment on a SBIC fund. 

Noninterest Expense:  The
following table summarizes noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Noninterest
expense increased $766,000 in the third quarter of 2016 to $15.5 million compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to
a $239,000 increase in marketing expenses and a $527,000 increase in other operating expenses. Other operating expenses
increased $527,000 primarily due to a $557,000 gain on foreclosed real estate in the prior year quarter. 

Income tax expense
was $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.6 million in the prior year quarter. 

62   

Net Interest Income Analysis: Average Balance Sheets, Interest
and Yields/Costs  

The following tables
present the average balance sheets, average yields and costs and certain other information for the periods indicated therein on
a fully tax-equivalent basis. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation
of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero percent yield. Loans held for sale average balance
are included in loans average balance. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs and premiums that are
amortized to interest income or expense. 

(1)  On a fully-tax equivalent basis.   

(2)  Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest margin represents tax-equivalent net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.   

63   

Rate Volume Analysis  

The following table
sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on tax-equivalent net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate
column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows
the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum
of the volume and rate columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume that cannot be segregated
have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Summary of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

The following discussion
provides a summary and comparison of our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, net income increased $831,000 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net
income was primarily driven by a $2.0 million increase in net interest income due to organic loan growth offset by a $777,000 decrease
in noninterest income. 

64   

Comparison of Operating Results for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Our results of operations
depend primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income on earning assets, such as loans and
investments, and the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We also generate
noninterest income; including service charges on deposit accounts, gain on sale of securities, income from mortgage banking activities,
bank-owned life insurance income, brokerage fees, insurance commissions and other miscellaneous fees. Our noninterest expense primarily
consists of salary and employee benefits, occupancy expense, furniture and equipment expenses, FDIC assessments, marketing and
other general and administrative expenses. Our results of operations are also affected by our provision for loan losses. 

Net Interest Income: 
Net interest income is determined by the interest rate spread (i.e., the difference between the yields earned on interest-earning
assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities) and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities. Net interest income before the provision for loan losses was $53.1 million and $51.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net interest income increased $2.0 million primarily due to a $138.1 million increase
in the average loan balance and a $345,000 increase in prepayment penalty fees offset by a $2.0 million increase in interest expense.
The yield on average interest-earning assets increased 7 basis points to 3.41% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
3.34% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a 2 basis point increase in the loans receivable
yield and increases in the investment yields. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 12 basis points to 0.78%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was primarily due to certificate of deposit promotions and a 54 basis
point increase in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advance costs due a decrease in short term borrowings and due to the 25 basis
point increase in the Federal Reserve interest rate during the first quarter of 2016. Net interest margin decreased 1 basis point
to 2.81% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.82% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense increased
$2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $11.7 million compared to the same period a year ago. The average
interest-bearing deposits balance increased $163.5 million, the cost of average interest-bearing deposits increased 8 basis points
and a 54 basis point increase in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston advance costs resulted in a 12 basis point increase in the yield
on average interest-bearing liabilities to 0.78%. Average balances of noninterest-bearing deposits grew at a rate of 15.8%, while
total average interest-bearing deposits grew at a rate of 10.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period a year ago. 

Provision for
Loan Losses:  The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level management determines to be appropriate to absorb
estimated credit losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the dates of the financial statements. Management
evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis. The assessment considers historical loss
experience, historical and current delinquency statistics, the loan portfolio segment and the amount of loans in the loan
portfolio, the financial strength of the borrowers, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay,
estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions and other credit quality indicators. 

Management recorded
a provision for loan losses of $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The provision recorded is based
upon management s analysis of the allowance for loan losses necessary to absorb the estimated credit losses in the loan portfolio
for the period. Net charge-offs were $651,000 and $614,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016,
the allowance for loan losses totaled $21.3 million, or 0.86% of total loans and 119.26% of non-performing loans, compared to an
allowance for loan losses of $20.2 million, or 0.86% of total loans and 135.44% of non-performing loans at December 31, 2015.  

65   

Noninterest Income:
 The following table summarizes noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Total noninterest
income decreased $777,000 to $9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year. There was no
gain on sale of investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million gain on sale of investments for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net gain on loans sold increased $255,000 to $2.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in volume. Other income increased $173,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the prior year primarily due to a $406,000 increase in swap fees and a $93,000 increase in banking derivatives offset by a $283,000
mortgage servicing rights impairment due to a decline in interest rates and by a $76,000 increase in impairment on a SBIC fund. 

Noninterest Expense:  The
following table summarizes noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Noninterest expense
increased slightly to $45.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $45.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Salaries and employee benefits increased $747,000 primarily due to our branch expansion into western
Massachusetts during the 4 th  quarter of 2015 and to maintain the Bank s growth. Occupancy expense decreased $179,000
primarily due to the closing of our Westfarms, Connecticut branch in early January 2016. Marketing increased $261,000 primarily
related to branch openings and general marketing promotions. Other operating expenses decreased $580,000 primarily due to a $453,000
decrease in the provision for off-balance sheet commitments, a $554,000 decrease in stock compensation costs due to two directors
retiring in the second quarter of 2015 offset by a $557,000 gain on foreclosed real estate for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Income tax expense
was $4.2 million and $4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources:   

We maintain liquid
assets at levels we consider adequate to meet our liquidity needs. We adjust our liquidity levels to fund loan commitments, repay
our borrowings, fund deposit outflows, fund operations and pay escrow obligations on items in our loan portfolio. We also adjust
liquidity as appropriate to meet asset and liability management objectives. 

66   

Our primary sources
of liquidity are deposits, principal repayment and prepayment of loans, the sale in the secondary market of loans held for sale,
maturities and sales of investment securities and other short-term investments, periodic pay downs of mortgage-backed securities,
and earnings and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source
of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions and rates offered
by our competitors. We set the interest rates on our deposits to maintain a desired level of total deposits. In addition, we invest
excess funds in short-term interest-earning assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. 

A portion of our liquidity
consists of cash and cash equivalents, which are a product of our operating, investing and financing activities. At September 30,
2016, $89.9 million of our assets were invested in cash and cash equivalents compared to $59.1 million at December 31, 2015. Our
primary sources of cash are principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the maturities of investment securities, increases in
deposit accounts, proceeds from residential loan sales and advances from FHLBB. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, loan originations and purchases, net of collected principal and loan sales, totaled $115.4 million
and $201.8 million, respectively.  Cash received from the sales and maturities of available-for-sale investment securities
totaled $129.2 million and $215.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We purchased $130.0
million and $199.1 million of available-for-sale investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Liquidity management
is both a daily and longer-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally,
borrowing agreements exist with the FHLBB, which provides an additional source of funds. At September 30, 2016, we had $220.6 million
in advances from the FHLBB and an additional available borrowing limit of $518.5 million, compared to $377.6 million in advances
from the FHLBB and an additional available borrowing limit of $407.8 million at December 31, 2015, subject to collateral requirements
of the FHLBB. The Company also had letters of credit of $95.5 million and $63.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively, subject to collateral requirements of the FHLBB. Internal policies limit borrowings to 25.0% of total assets,
or $708.0 million and $677.1 million at December 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Other sources of funds include access
to pre-approved unsecured lines of credit with financial institutions for $55.0 million, our $8.8 million secured line of credit
with the FHLBB and our $3.5 million unsecured line of credit with a bank which were all undrawn at September 30, 2016. The Federal
Reserve Bank s discount window loan collateral program enables us to borrow up to $66.6 million on an overnight basis as
of September 30, 2016. The funding arrangement was collateralized by $135.1 million in pledged commercial real estate loans as
of September 30, 2016. 

We had outstanding
commitments to originate loans of $73.5 million and $46.1 million and unfunded commitments under construction loans, lines of credit
and stand-by letters of credit of $482.8 million and $441.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, time deposits scheduled to mature in less than one year totaled $288.9 million and
$267.7 million, respectively. Based on prior experience, management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain
with us, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In the event a significant portion of our deposits are
not retained by us, we will have to utilize other funding sources, such as FHLBB advances, brokered deposits, our $55.0 million
unsecured lines of credit with financial institutions, our $8.8 million secured line of credit with the FHLBB, our $3.5 million
unsecured line of credit with a bank or our $66.6 million overnight borrowing arrangement with the Federal Reserve Bank in order
to maintain our level of assets. Alternatively, we would reduce our level of liquid assets, such as our cash and cash equivalents
in order to meet funding needs. In addition, the cost of such deposits may be significantly higher if market interest rates are
higher or if there is an increased amount of competition for deposits in our market area at the time of renewal. 

67   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

General:   The
majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, our most significant form of market risk is interest
rate risk. Our assets, consisting primarily of loans and available-for-sale investment securities, generally have longer contractual
maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to
manage interest rate risk and reduce the exposure of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly,
our board of directors has established an asset/liability committee which is responsible for (i) evaluating the interest rate risk
inherent in our assets and liabilities, (ii) determining the level of risk that is appropriate given our business strategy, operating
environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives and (iii) managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved
by our board of directors. Management monitors the level of interest rate risk on a regular basis and the asset/liability committee
meets at least quarterly to review our asset/liability policies and interest rate risk position. 

We have sought to
manage our interest rate risk in order to minimize the exposure of our earnings and capital to changes in interest rates. During
the low interest rate environment that has existed in recent years, we have implemented the following strategies to manage our
interest rate risk: (i) emphasizing adjustable rate commercial and consumer loans, (ii) maintaining a short average life investment
portfolio and (iii) periodically lengthening the term structure of our borrowings from the FHLBB. Additionally, we sell a portion
of our fixed-rate residential mortgages to the secondary market. These measures should serve to reduce the volatility of our future
net interest income in different interest rate environments. 

Quantitative
Analysis:     An economic value of equity and an income simulation analysis are used to estimate our interest rate
risk exposure at a particular point in time. We are most reliant on the income simulation method as it is a dynamic method in that
it incorporates our forecasted balance sheet growth assumptions under the different interest rate scenarios tested. We utilize
the income simulation method to analyze our interest rate sensitivity position and to manage the risk associated with interest
rate movements. At least quarterly, our asset/liability committee reviews the potential effect that changes in interest rates could
have on the repayment or repricing of rate sensitive assets and the funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities. Our most
recent simulation uses projected repricing of assets and liabilities on the basis of contractual maturities, anticipated repayments
and scheduled rate adjustments. Prepayment rate assumptions can have a significant impact on interest income simulation results.
Because of the large percentage of loans and mortgage-backed securities we hold, rising or falling interest rates may have a significant
impact on the actual prepayment speeds of our mortgage related assets that may in turn effect our interest rate sensitivity position.
When interest rates rise, prepayment speeds slow and the average expected life of our assets would tend to lengthen more than the
expected average life of our liabilities and would therefore alter our existing interest rate risk position. 

Our asset/liability
policy currently limits projected changes in net interest income to a maximum variance of (4.0%, 8.0%, 10.0% and 12.0%) assuming
a 100, 200, 300 or 400 basis point interest rate shock, respectively, as measured over a 12 month period when compared to the flat
rate scenario. 

The following table
depicts the percentage increase and/or decrease in estimated net interest income over twelve months based on the scenarios run
at each of the periods presented: 

68   

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  

The Company and its
subsidiaries are subject to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution
of these legal actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes in
the  Risk Factors  from those previously disclosed in the Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2016. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

(a)  Not applicable.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  During the quarter ending September 30, 2016, the Company did not make any repurchases of common
stock.   

On June 21,
2013, the Company received regulatory approval to repurchase up to 1,676,452 shares, or 10% of its then current outstanding
common stock. The Company has 600,945 shares remaining available to be repurchased at September 30, 2016. Repurchased shares
will be held as treasury stock and will be available for general corporate purposes. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not Applicable 

69   

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable 

Item 5.    Other Information  

Not Applicable 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated
herein by reference).   

3.2.2  Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2.2 to
the Form 8-K filed for the Company on February 23, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).   

4.1  Form of Common Stock Certificate of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the
Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.2  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Farmington Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration
Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.3  Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Key Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to
the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.4  First Amendment to Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Key Employees (filed
as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated
herein by reference).   

10.5  Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration
Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.6  Life Insurance Premium Reimbursement Agreement between Farmington Bank and John J. Patrick, Jr.
(filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and
incorporated herein by reference).   

10.7  Life Insurance Premium Reimbursement Agreement between Farmington Bank and Gregory A. White (filed
as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated
herein by reference).   

10.8  Farmington Savings Bank Defined Benefit Employees  Pension Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit
10.8 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein
by reference).   

10.9  Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on the
Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

70   

10.10  Supplemental Retirement Plan Participation Agreement between John J. Patrick, Jr. and Farmington
Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended,
and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.11  Supplemental Retirement Plan Participation Agreement between Michael T. Schweighoffer and Farmington
Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended,
and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.12  Supplemental Retirement Plan Participation Agreement between Gregory A. White and Farmington Bank
(filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and
incorporated herein by reference).   

10.13  Employment Agreement among First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., Farmington Bank and John J. Patrick,
Jr. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 Employment Agreement on Form 8-K for the Company on April 24, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.13.1  Employment Agreement First Amendment among First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., Farmington Bank and
John J. Patrick, Jr. (filed as Exhibit 10.13.1 to the current report on the Form 8-K filed for the Company on February 28, 2013,
as amended, and incorporated herein by reference) (term currently extended to December 31, 2019).   

10.14  Life Insurance Premium Reimbursement Agreement between Farmington Bank and Michael T. Schweighoffer
(filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-Q filed for the Company on May 15, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).   

21.1  Subsidiaries of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. and Farmington Bank (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the
Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed for the Company on January 28, 2011, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference).   

31.1  Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer.   

31.2  Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Company s
Chief Financial Officer.   

101  Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-t: (i) the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as
blocks of text and in detail.*   

71   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST CONNECTICUT BANCORP, INC.    

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ John J. Patrick, Jr   

John J. Patrick, Jr.   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Gregory A. White   

Gregory A. White   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

72   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600683_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John J. Patrick, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland
corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ John J. Patrick, Jr   

John J. Patrick, Jr.   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600683_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Gregory A. White, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland
corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)    Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Gregory A. White   

Gregory A. White   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600683_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
Pursuant to Section 906 of the  

  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, John J. Patrick,
Chief Executive Officer and President of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), certify
in my capacity as an officer of the Company that I have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ John J. Patrick, Jr   

John J. Patrick, Jr.   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600683_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
Pursuant to Section 906 of the  

  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Gregory A. White,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ),
certify in my capacity as an officer of the Company that I have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Gregory A. White   

Gregory A. White   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fbnk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fbnk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fbnk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fbnk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fbnk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fbnk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

