<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_1056285_0001193125-16-788552_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1397327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>58764</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>100911</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>240795</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>530464</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>362925</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-788552.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208164950
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-788552
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KIRKLAND'S, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001056285
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				621287151
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49885
		FILM NUMBER:		162041965

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5310 MARYLAND WAY
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-872-4800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5310 MARYLAND WAY
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KIRKLANDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-788552.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 d292650d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended October 29, 2016,   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                     .    
  Commission file number: 000-49885        
    
  KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        
        
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (615) 872-4800   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    YES       NO       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES       NO     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.     

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    YES       NO       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    Common Stock, no par value   15,899,840 shares outstanding as of November
22, 2016.          

Table of Contents  

     KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
    KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS      (in thousands,
except share data)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
  (in thousands, except per share data)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (UNAUDITED)   
  (in thousands, except share data)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
  (in thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     KIRKLAND S, INC.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
  Note 1   Basis of Presentation   
 Kirkland s, Inc. (the  Company ) is a specialty retailer of home d cor and gifts with 401 stores in 36 states as of
October 29, 2016. The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Kirkland s, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Kirkland s Stores, Inc., Kirkland s DC, Inc., Kirkland s Texas, LLC, and
Kirklands.com, LLC. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.    The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not
include all of the information and notes required for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, including normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2016.  
 It should be understood that accounting measurements at interim dates inherently involve greater reliance on estimates than those at fiscal
year-end. In addition, because of seasonality factors, the results of the Company s operations for the 13-week and 39-week periods ended October 29, 2016 are not indicative of the results to be expected for any other interim period or for the
entire fiscal year. The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31, resulting in years of either 52 or 53 weeks. All references to a fiscal year refer to the fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to January 31 of
the following year.    The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from the estimates and
assumptions used.    Changes in estimates are recognized in the period when new information becomes available to management. Areas where the
nature of the estimate makes it reasonably possible that actual results could materially differ from amounts estimated include, but are not limited to impairment assessments on long-lived assets, asset retirement obligations, inventory reserves,
self-insurance reserves, income tax liabilities, stock-based compensation, employee bonus accruals, gift card breakage, sales return reserves, customer loyalty program accruals and contingent liabilities.  
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company adopted accounting guidance which affected the presentation of deferred tax liabilities and
assets as discussed in Note 7. This guidance was applied retrospectively for all periods presented. Therefore, the presentation of previously reported deferred tax assets has been changed to conform to the presentation used in the current period.
The adoption of this guidance resulted in the reclassification of deferred tax assets of $3.3 million and $3.5 million from current assets to a reduction in noncurrent liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of January 30, 2016
and October 31, 2015, respectively.     Note 2   Income Taxes   
 An estimate of the annual effective tax rate is used at each interim period based on the facts and circumstances available at that time, while
the actual effective tax rate is calculated at year-end. For the 13-week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 47.6% and 71.4% of the loss before income taxes, respectively. For the
39-week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 41.8% and 95.0% of the loss before income taxes, respectively. The tax benefit for the 13-week and 39-week periods ended October 31, 2015
reflects state employment and investment credits realized during the period.     Note 3   Loss Per Share   
 Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period presented, which
excludes non-vested restricted stock units. Diluted loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of stock equivalents outstanding during the applicable periods using
the treasury stock method. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if options to  
      7  

Table of Contents  

purchase stock were exercised into common stock and if outstanding grants of restricted stock were vested. Stock options and restricted stock units that were not included in the computation of
diluted loss per share, because to do so would have been antidilutive, were approximately 1.5 million and 1.3 million shares for the 13-week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively and 1.4 million and 1.3 million shares for
the 39-week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively.     Note 4   Commitments and Contingencies   
 The Company is party to pending legal proceedings and claims. Although the outcome of such proceedings and claims cannot be determined with
certainty, the Company s management is of the opinion that it is unlikely that these proceedings and any claims in excess of insurance coverage will have a material effect on the financial condition, operating results or cash flows of the
Company.     Note 5   Stock-Based Compensation   
 The Company maintains equity incentive plans under which it may grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, or stock appreciation rights to employees, non-employee directors and consultants.    The Company did not grant any
stock options or restricted stock units during the 13-week periods ended October 29, 2016 or October 31, 2015. The Company granted 189,000 stock options and 126,500 restricted stock units during the 39-week period ended October 29, 2016, and the
Company granted 187,500 stock options and 107,000 restricted stock units during the 39-week period ended October 31, 2015. Total stock-based compensation expense (a component of compensation and benefits) was $817,000 and $830,000 for the 13-week
periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively. Total stock-based compensation expense was $2.5 million and $2.9 million for the 39-week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively. Included in the
39-week period ended October 31, 2015 is $600,000 of stock-based compensation expense that resulted from the accelerated vesting of stock options and restricted stock units upon the retirement of the Company s former Chief Executive Officer.
Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods of each grant. There have been no other material changes in the assumptions used to compute compensation expense during the current quarter.  
  Note 6   Related Party Transactions   
 In July 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with a related party vendor to purchase merchandise inventory. The vendor is considered a
related party for financial reporting purposes because its principal owner is the spouse of the Company s Vice President of Merchandising. The table below sets forth selected results to this vendor in dollars (in thousands) and percentages
for the periods indicated:      
    Note 7   New Accounting Pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). Under ASU 2014-09, an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the
goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In July 2015,
the FASB approved a one-year deferral of ASU 2014-09. As a result of the deferral, the amendments in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company at the beginning of its fiscal 2018 year. The Company is still evaluating the impact that the adoption
of ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ). This update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively to all
deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The updated guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.
The Company adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company elected to apply this guidance retrospectively for all periods presented. The adoption of this guidance affected the presentation of the deferred tax liabilities and
assets within the Company s consolidated balance sheet; however, the updated guidance did not affect the accounting for deferred tax liabilities and assets. Other than the change in presentation, the adoption of this guidance did not have any
material impacts on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. Lessor accounting
remains largely unchanged. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a
modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after the date of initial adoption, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its
consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based compensation transactions including: (a) income tax consequences when awards vest or are
settled, (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, (c) a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis and (d) classification of excess tax impacts on the statement of cash flows. The
updated guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on
its consolidated financial statements.     Note 8   Senior Credit Facility   
 On February 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Joinder and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit
Agreement ) with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders (the  Lenders ), amending its prior credit agreement entered into in 2011. The Credit Agreement increased its senior secured
revolving credit facility from $50 million to $75 million, increased the swingline availability from $5 million to $10 million, added a $25 million incremental accordion feature and extended the maturity date from August 2016 to February 2021.
Borrowings under the facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 125 to 175 basis points with no LIBOR floor. Additionally, a fee of 0.25% per annum is assessed on the unused portion of the facility.  
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, borrowings are subject to certain customary conditions and contain customary events of default, including,
without limitation, failure to make payments, a cross-default to certain other debt, breaches of covenants, breaches of representations and warranties, a change in control, certain monetary judgments and bankruptcy and ERISA events. Upon any such
event of default, the principal amount of any unpaid loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable. The maximum availability under the facility is limited by a borrowing base formula which
consists of a percentage of eligible inventory and eligible credit card receivables, less reserves.    The Company is subject to an Amended
and Restated Security Agreement (the  Security Agreement ) with its Lenders. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company pledged and granted to the administrative agent, for the benefit of itself and the secured parties specified
therein, a lien on and security interest in all of the rights, title and interest in substantially all of the Company s assets to secure the payment and performance of the obligations under the Credit Agreement.  
 As of October 29, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the covenants in the facility, and there were no outstanding borrowings under the
credit facility, with approximately $75 million available for borrowing.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS      Forward-Looking Statements   
 This  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  ( MD A ) is intended
to provide an understanding of our financial condition, change in financial condition, cash flow, liquidity and results of operations. The following MD A discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial
statements and notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 8, 2016 (the  Annual Report ). The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect
our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed or referred to in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed under the caption  Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the  Safe Harbor  Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  and under Part II, Item 1A    Risk Factors .  
  General     We are a specialty retailer of
home d cor and gifts in the United States, operating 401 stores in 36 states as of October 29, 2016, as well as an e-Commerce enabled website, www.kirklands.com. Our stores and website present a broad selection of distinctive
merchandise, including framed art, mirrors, wall d cor, candles and related items, lamps, decorative accessories, accent furniture, textiles, garden-related accessories and artificial floral products. Our stores and website also offer an
extensive assortment of holiday merchandise during seasonal periods as well as items carried throughout the year suitable for gift-giving. In addition, we use innovative design and packaging to market home d cor items as gifts. We provide our
customers an engaging shopping experience characterized by a diverse, ever-changing merchandise selection reflecting current styles at prices which provide discernible value. This combination of ever-changing and stylish merchandise, value pricing
and a stimulating online and store experience has led to our emergence as a leader in home d cor and enabled us to develop a strong customer base.  
 During the 13-week period ended October 29, 2016, we opened 11 new stores and closed one store compared to 21 new store openings and two
closures during the 13-week period ended October 31, 2015. During the 39-week period ended October 29, 2016, we opened 38 new stores and closed 13 stores compared to 31 new store openings and five closures during the 39-week period ended
October 31, 2015. The following table summarizes our stores and square footage under lease:      
    13-Week Period Ended October 29, 2016 Compared to the 13-Week Period October 31, 2015   
  Results of operations.  The table below sets forth selected results of our operations both in dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage
of net sales for the periods indicated:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Net sales.  Net sales increased 7.0% to $138.2 million for the third fiscal quarter of 2016
compared to $129.2 million for the prior year period. The impact of net new store growth contributed an increase to net sales of $11.7 million. This was partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales, including e-Commerce sales, of
2.3%, or $2.7 million. Comparable store sales, including e-Commerce sales, increased 1.8% in the prior year period. For the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the e-Commerce business was up 12.9% versus the prior year period, while comparable store sales
at brick-and-mortar stores decreased 3.4%. For brick-and-mortar stores, the comparable store sales decrease was primarily due to a decrease in transactions and a flat average ticket. The decreased transactions resulted from a decline in
traffic, partially offset by an increase in conversion. The e-Commerce business benefitted from an increase in website traffic coupled with an increase in conversion. The merchandise categories contributing most to the comparable store sales
decrease were textiles, floral, decorative accessories and art.     Gross profit . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased
from 37.2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 to 36.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The overall decrease in gross profit margin was due to deleveraging of store occupancy and central distribution costs, partially offset by lower outbound
freight costs and slightly higher merchandise margins. Store occupancy costs as a percentage of net sales increased 72 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 due in part to deleverage from negative brick and mortar comparable store sales
and higher rent expense. Our central distribution costs increased 41 basis points as a percentage of net sales due to the addition of a 300,000 square-foot fulfillment facility in Jackson, Tennessee. We began fulfilling e-Commerce orders out of this
facility in the first quarter of 2016 which resulted in additional labor and operating costs. Outbound freight costs decreased 15 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a percentage of net sales, primarily due to consolidated and
improved store shipping routes. Merchandise margin is calculated as net sales minus product cost of sales (including inbound freight), inventory shrinkage, and loyalty reward program charges. Merchandise margin excludes outbound freight, store
occupancy and central distribution costs. Merchandise margin increased from 55.2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 to 55.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The 28 basis point increase in merchandise margin was primarily due to lower inbound
freight costs. The lower costs can be partially attributed to our new west coast distribution operation, which provides a better flow of merchandise through our supply network.  
  Compensation and benefits.  Compensation and benefits as a percentage of net sales decreased from 19.7% in the third quarter of fiscal
2015 to 19.6% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. At the store level, compensation and benefits expenses decreased 24 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a percentage of net sales mainly due to lower store payroll expenses related
to store opening activities. During the 13-week period ended October 29, 2016, we opened 11 new stores and closed one store compared to 21 new store openings and two closures during the 13-week period ended October 31, 2015. At the corporate level,
compensation and benefits increased 6 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a percentage of net sales due mainly to the deleverage of comparable store sales.  
  Other operating expenses . Other operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 45 basis points from 13.9% in the third
quarter of fiscal 2015 to 13.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. At the corporate level, other operating expenses decreased 46 basis points as a percentage of net sales due to professional, legal and travel costs decreasing in dollars and as a
percent of net sales. At the store level, other operating expenses decreased 8 basis points as a percentage of net sales due to store supplies and marketing costs decreasing in dollars and as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by deleverage
in store related insurance costs. E-commerce related operating expenses increased 9 basis points as a percentage of net sales versus the prior year period due to higher credit card and customer service related costs.  
  Depreciation.  Depreciation increased 36 basis points as a percentage of net sales compared to the prior year period due to an increase
in capital expenditures in recent fiscal years for new store openings and the implementation of technology upgrades.     Income tax
benefit.  We recorded an income tax benefit of approximately $768,000, or 47.6% of the loss before income taxes during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to an income tax benefit of approximately $674,000, or 71.4% of the loss before
income taxes during the prior year quarter. The tax benefit for the 13-week period ended October 31, 2015 reflects state employment and investment credits realized during the period.  
  Net loss and loss per share.  We reported net loss of $846,000, or $0.05 per diluted share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as
compared to a net loss of $270,000, or $0.02 per diluted share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2015.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   39-Week Period Ended October 29, 2016 Compared to the 39-Week Period October 31, 2015   
  Results of operations.  The table below sets forth selected results of our operations both in dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage
of net sales for the periods indicated:      
    Net sales.  Net sales increased 7.8% to $391.2 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016
compared to $362.8 million for the prior year period. The impact of net new store growth contributed an increase to net sales of $35.1 million. This was partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales, including e-Commerce sales, of
2.0%, or $6.8 million. Comparable store sales, including e-Commerce sales, increased 3.7% in the prior year period. For the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, the e-Commerce business was up 24.9% versus the prior year period, while comparable
store sales at brick-and-mortar stores decreased 4.0%. For brick-and-mortar stores, the comparable store sales decrease was primarily due to a decrease in transactions combined with a relatively flat average ticket. The decrease in transactions
resulted from a decline in traffic partially offset by an increase in conversion. The flat average ticket was due to an increase in the average unit retail price offset by a decrease in items sold per transaction. The e-Commerce business benefitted
from an increase in website traffic coupled with an increase in conversion, slightly offset by a decrease in average order size. The merchandise categories contributing most to the comparable store sales decrease were art and textiles.  
  Gross profit . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased from 38.1% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2015 to 36.4% in the
first three quarters of fiscal 2016. The overall decrease in gross profit margin was due higher store occupancy and central distribution costs as well as lower merchandise margins. Store occupancy costs as a percentage of net sales increased 102
basis points due to the increased level of store opening activity during the period as well as some deleverage due to negative brick and mortar comparable store sales. Our central distribution costs increased 58 basis points as a percentage of net
sales due to the addition of a 300,000 square-foot fulfillment facility in Jackson, Tennessee. We began fulfilling e-Commerce orders out of this facility in the first quarter of 2016, which resulted in additional startup, labor and operating
costs. Merchandise margin is calculated as net sales minus product cost of sales (including inbound freight), inventory shrinkage, and loyalty reward program charges. Merchandise margin excludes outbound freight, store occupancy and central
distribution costs. Merchandise margin decreased 14 basis points from 55.2% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2015 to 55.1% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. The decrease in merchandise margin was primarily due to promotional markdowns
to manage inventory levels.     Compensation and benefits.  Compensation and benefits as a percentage of net sales decreased from 20.2%
in the first three quarters of fiscal 2015 to 19.8% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. At the corporate level, compensation and benefits expenses decreased 46 basis points in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 as a percentage of net
sales, partially due to lower stock-based compensation expense. In the prior year period there was $0.6 million of stock-based compensation expense that resulted from the accelerated vesting of stock options and restricted stock units upon the
retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer. At the store level, compensation and benefits expenses increased 12 basis points in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 as a percentage of net sales due to lower comparable store sales, an
increase in new store opening activity and higher healthcare costs.     Other operating expenses . Other operating expenses as a
percentage of net sales decreased 36 basis points from 13.7% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2015 to 13.3% in the first three quarters of fiscal 2016. At the corporate level, other operating expenses decreased 40 basis points as a percentage
of net sales due to insurance costs and professional and legal fees decreasing in dollars and as a percent of net sales. At the store level, other operating expenses slightly decreased 4 basis points as a percentage of net sales.  E-commerce  related operating expenses increased 8 basis points as a percentage of net sales versus the prior year period primarily due to an increase in customer relations expense.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Depreciation.  Depreciation increased 35 basis points as a percentage of net sales due to
an increase in capital expenditures in recent fiscal years for new store openings and the implementation of technology upgrades.  
  Income tax benefit.  We recorded an income tax benefit of approximately $2.5 million, or 41.8% of the loss before income taxes during
the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 compared to income tax benefit of approximately $549,000, or 95.0% of the loss before income taxes during the prior year period. The tax benefit for the 39-week period ended October 31, 2015 reflects state
employment and investment credits realized during the period.     Net loss and loss per share.  We reported a net loss of $3.5 million,
or $0.22 per diluted share, for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 as compared to net loss of $29,000, or $0.00 per diluted share, for the first three quarters of fiscal 2015.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Our
principal capital requirements are for working capital and capital expenditures. Working capital consists mainly of merchandise inventories offset by accounts payable, which typically reach their peak by the early portion of the fourth quarter of
each fiscal year. Capital expenditures primarily relate to new store openings; existing store expansions, remodels or relocations; and purchases of equipment or information technology assets for our stores, distribution facilities and corporate
headquarters. Historically, we have funded our working capital and capital expenditure requirements with internally generated cash and borrowings under our credit facility.  
  Cash flows from operating activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $12.1 million for the first three
quarters of fiscal 2016, compared to net cash used in operating activities of approximately $8.6 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2015. Cash flows from operating activities depend heavily on operating performance and changes in working
capital. The change in the amount of cash from operations as compared to the prior year period was primarily the result of changes in working capital partially offset by a decline in operating performance. Inventory increased over the prior
year period due to the growth in store count and e-Commerce, as well as gaining control and ownership of inventory earlier in the supply chain from our new west coast distribution operation, which accounted for an approximately $6.6 million increase
over the prior year period. This also resulted in a corresponding increase in our accounts payable, thereby having no negative effect on working capital. In addition, cash received for landlord construction allowances also increased over the
prior year period due to more stores being opened earlier in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.     Cash flows from investing
activities.  Net cash used in investing activities for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 consisted of $28.1 million in capital expenditures as compared to $25.7 million in capital expenditures for the prior year period. The capital
expenditures in the current year period related to the opening of 38 new stores during the period, investments in our existing stores, investments in our information technology systems, as well as improvements to our supply chain. Capital
expenditures in the prior year period related primarily to the opening of 31 new stores during the period, investments in our existing stores, improvements to our supply chain, as well as investments in our omni-channel systems. We expect that
capital expenditures for all of fiscal 2016 will be approximately $31 million, primarily to fund the leasehold improvements of new stores, supply chain investments, improvements in our information technology infrastructure and multi-channel
capabilities, and maintain our investments in existing stores.     Cash flows from financing activities.  Net cash used in financing
activities was approximately $172,000 for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, and was primarily related to debt refinancing costs and the net share settlement of stock options and restricted stock units, partially offset by employee stock
purchases and excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units. Net cash used in financing activities was approximately $32.5 million for the first three quarters of fiscal 2015, and was primarily related to a
special cash dividend of $26.0 million and the repurchase and retirement of common stock.     Revolving credit facility.  On February
26, 2016, we entered into a Joinder and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders (the  Lenders ),
amending our prior credit agreement entered into in 2011. The Credit Agreement increased our senior secured revolving credit facility from $50 million to $75 million, increased the swingline availability from $5 million to $10 million, added a
$25 million incremental accordion feature and extended the maturity date from August 2016 to February 2021. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 125 to 175 basis points with no LIBOR
floor. Additionally, a fee of 0.25% per annum is assessed on the unused portion of the facility.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, borrowings are subject to certain customary conditions and
contain customary events of default, including, without limitation, failure to make payments, a cross-default to certain other debt, breaches of covenants, breaches of representations and warranties, a change in control, certain monetary judgments
and bankruptcy and ERISA events. Upon any such event of default, the principal amount of any unpaid loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable. The maximum availability under the facility
is limited by a borrowing base formula which consists of a percentage of eligible inventory and eligible credit card receivables, less reserves.  
 We are subject to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement (the  Security Agreement ) with our Lenders. Pursuant to the Security
Agreement, we pledged and granted to the administrative agent, for the benefit of itself and the secured parties specified therein, a lien on and security interest in all of the rights, title and interest in substantially all of our assets to secure
the payment and performance of the obligations under the Credit Agreement.    As of October 29, 2016, we were in compliance with the
covenants in the facility, and there were no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, with approximately $75 million available for borrowing.  
 At October 29, 2016, our balance of cash and cash equivalents was approximately $28.3 million. We do not anticipate any borrowings under
the credit facility during fiscal 2016. We believe that the combination of our cash balances and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for at least the next twelve
months.     Related Party Transactions   
 In July 2009, we entered into an agreement with a related party vendor to purchase merchandise inventory. The vendor is considered a related
party for financial reporting purposes because its principal owner is the spouse of our Vice President of Merchandising. The table below sets forth selected results to this vendor in dollars (in thousands) and percentages for the periods indicated:
     
    Significant Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments   
  Construction Commitments     We had
commitments for new store construction projects totaling approximately $0.2 million at October 29, 2016.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
    There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during fiscal 2016. Refer to our Annual Report for a
summary of our critical accounting policies.     Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the  Safe Harbor  Provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995     The following information is provided pursuant to the  Safe Harbor  provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in this Form 10-Q are  forward-looking statements  made
pursuant to these provisions. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Words such as
 should,   likely to,   forecasts,   strategy,   goal,   anticipates,   believes,   expects,   estimates,   intends,   plans, 
 projects,  and similar expressions, may identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in such
statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The factors listed below under the heading  Risk Factors  and in the other sections of
this Form 10-Q provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements.  
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report.    We caution readers that the
following important factors, among others, have in the past, in some cases, affected and could in the future affect our actual results of operations and cause our actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us or on our behalf.      

If We Do Not Generate Sufficient Cash Flow, We May Not Be Able to Implement Our Growth Strategy.        

If We Are Unable to Profitably Open and Operate New Stores at a Rate that Exceeds Planned Store Closings, We May Not Be Able to Adequately Execute Our Growth Strategy, Resulting in a Decrease in Net Sales and Net
Income.        

Our Success Depends Upon our Marketing, Advertising and Promotional Efforts. If We are Unable to Implement them Successfully, or if Our Competitors Market, Advertise or Promote More Effectively than We Do, Our Revenue
May Be Adversely Affected.        

We May Not Be Able to Successfully Anticipate Consumer Trends and Our Failure to Do So May Lead to Loss of Consumer Acceptance of Our Products Resulting in Reduced Net Sales.    

We May Not Be Able to Successfully Respond to Technological Change, Our Website Could Become Obsolete and Our Financial Results and Conditions Could be Adversely Affected.    

Inventory Loss and Theft and the Inability to Anticipate Inventory Needs may Result in Reduced Net Sales.        

Inability to Successfully Develop and Maintain a Relevant and Reliable Multichannel Experience for Our Customers Could Adversely Affect Our Sales, Results of Operations and Reputation.    

Our Results Could be Negatively Impacted if our Merchandise Offering Suffers a Substantial Impediment to its Reputation Due to Real or Perceived Quality Issues.    

We Face an Extremely Competitive Specialty Retail Business Market, and Such Competition Could Result in a Reduction of Our Prices and a Loss of Our Market Share.    

Weather Conditions Could Adversely Affect Our Sales and/or Profitability by Affecting Consumer Shopping Patterns.        

We are Exposed to the Risk of Natural Disasters, Pandemic Outbreaks, Global Political Events, War and Terrorism That Could Disrupt Our Business and Result in Lower Sales, Increased Operating Costs and Capital
Expenditures.        

Our Performance May be Affected by General Economic Conditions.        

Our Profitability is Vulnerable to Inflation and Cost Increases.        

Our Business Is Highly Seasonal and Our Fourth Quarter Contributes a Disproportionate Amount of Our Net Sales, Net Income and Cash Flow, and Any Factors Negatively Impacting Us During Our Fourth Quarter Could Reduce Our
Net Sales, Net Income and Cash Flow, Leaving Us with Excess Inventory and Making It More Difficult for Us to Finance Our Capital Requirements.        

Failure to Control Merchandise Returns Could Negatively Impact the Business.        

We May Experience Significant Variations in Our Quarterly Results.        

Our Comparable Store Net Sales Fluctuate Due to a Variety of Factors.        

Our Freight Costs and thus Our Cost of Goods Sold are Impacted by Changes in Fuel Prices.        

New Legal Requirements Could Adversely Affect Our Operating Results.       

Litigation May Adversely Affect Our Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations or Liquidity.        

Product Liability Claims Could Adversely Affect Our Reputation.    
      15  

Table of Contents  

If We Fail to Protect Our Brand Name, Competitors May Adopt Trade Names that Dilute the Value of Our Brand Name.        

Failure to Protect the Integrity and Security of Individually Identifiable Data of Our Customers and Employees Could Expose Us to Litigation and Damage Our Reputation; The Expansion of Our e-Commerce Business Has
Inherent Cybersecurity Risks That May Result in Business Disruptions.        

Our Hardware and Software Systems Are Vulnerable to Damage that Could Harm Our Business.        

We Depend on a Number of Vendors to Supply Our Merchandise, and Any Delay in Merchandise Deliveries from Certain Vendors May Lead to a Decline in Inventory Which Could Result in a Loss of Net Sales.    

We Are Dependent on Foreign Imports for a Significant Portion of Our Merchandise, and Any Changes in the Trading Relations and Conditions Between the United States and the Relevant Foreign Countries May Lead to a
Decline in Inventory Resulting in a Decline in Net Sales, or an Increase in the Cost of Sales Resulting in Reduced Gross Profit.        

Our Success Is Highly Dependent on Our Planning and Control Processes and Our Supply Chain, and Any Disruption in or Failure to Continue to Improve These Processes May Result in a Loss of Net Sales and Net Income.

We Depend on Key Personnel, and, if We Lose the Services of Any Member of Our Senior Management Team, We May Not Be Able to Run Our Business Effectively.    

Our Charter and Bylaw Provisions and Certain Provisions of Tennessee Law May Make It Difficult in Some Respects to Cause a Change in Control of Kirkland s and Replace Incumbent Management.    

If We Fail to Maintain an Effective System of Internal Control, We May Not be Able to Accurately Report Our Financial Results.        

The Market Price for Our Common Stock Might Be Volatile and Could Result in a Decline in the Value of Your Investment.    
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 The Company does not utilize financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes, nor does it utilize leveraged financial
instruments. There have been no material changes in the market risk factors from those disclosed in the Company s Annual Report.      
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     (a)  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . Both our President and Chief
Executive Officer and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15(d)-(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ) have concluded that as of October 29, 2016 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    (b)  Change in
internal controls over financial reporting . There have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the foregoing evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 The Company is party to pending legal proceedings and claims. Although the outcome of such proceedings and claims cannot be determined with
certainty, the Company s management is of the opinion that it is unlikely that these proceedings and claims in excess of insurance coverage will have a material effect on the financial condition, operating results or cash flows of the
Company.      ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
 In addition to factors set forth in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the  Safe Harbor  Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,  in Part I   Item 2 of this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,
 Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in this report and in our Annual Report are not the only risks facing our Company.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
    ITEM 6. EXHIBITS       

(a) 
 Exhibits.        
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.      

KIRKLAND S, INC.  

Date: December 8, 2016 

/s/ W. Michael Madden   

W. Michael Madden   President and Chief Executive
Officer   

Date: December 8, 2016 

/s/ Adam C. Holland   

Adam C. Holland   Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer   
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
 
      19  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d292650dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 I, W. Michael Madden, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kirkland s, Inc. ( registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 8, 2016 

/s/ W. Michael Madden   

W. Michael Madden  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d292650dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 I, Adam C. Holland, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kirkland s, Inc. ( registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 8, 2016 

/s/ Adam C. Holland   

Adam C. Holland  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d292650dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350    In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kirkland s, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the third
quarter ended October 29, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, W. Michael Madden, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

/s/ W. Michael Madden   
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 December 8, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d292650dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350    In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kirkland s, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the third
quarter ended October 29, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Adam C. Holland, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

/s/ Adam C. Holland   
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 December 8, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 kirk-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kirk-20161029.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kirk-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kirk-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kirk-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kirk-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

