<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1442620_0001144204-16-134196_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5993836</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109175</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>344677</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1769990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2564670</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1064052</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134196.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114161618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Recon Technology, Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442620
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34409
		FILM NUMBER:		161994995

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1902, BUILDING C,
		STREET 2:		KING LONG INTL MANSION, NO. 9 FULIN ROAD
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		025-52313015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1902, BUILDING C,
		STREET 2:		KING LONG INTL MANSION, NO. 9 FULIN ROAD
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134196.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452229_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U. S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

For the transition period from                to               . 

Commission File Number 001-34409 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Cayman Islands   
       
       Not Applicable    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. employer 
         identification number)   

1902 Building C, King Long International
Mansion  

  9 Fulin Road, Beijing 100107  

  People s Republic of China  

 (Address of principal
executive offices and zip code) 

  +86 (10) 8494-5799  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x    No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
          
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x    

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of ordinary shares, as of the latest practicable date. The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares.
As of October 31, 2016 , the Company has issued and outstanding 6,230,792 shares. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD  

  FORM 10-Q  

  INDEX  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements     
     ii  
 
      Part I      Financial Information     
     1  
 
     Item 1. 
      Financial Statements (Unaudited).     
     1  
 
     Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     
     1  
 
     Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.     
     13  
 
     Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures.     
     14  
 
      Part II     Other Information     
     15  
 
     Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings.     
     15  
 
     Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors.     
     15  
 
     Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.     
     15  
 
     Item 3. 
      Defaults upon Senior Securities.     
     15  
 
     Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures.     
     15  
 
     Item 5. 
      Other Information.     
     15  
 
     Item 6. 
      Exhibits.     
     16  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This document contains
certain statements of a forward-looking nature. Such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to projected growth,
trends and strategies, future operating and financial results, financial expectations and current business indicators are based
upon current information and expectations and are subject to change based on factors beyond the control of the Company. Forward-looking
statements typically are identified by the use of terms such as  look,   may,   should,   might, 
 believe,   plan,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate  and similar words,
although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. The accuracy of such statements may be influenced by a number
of business risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including
but not limited to the following: 

the timing of the development of future products;   

projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items;   

statements of our plans and objectives;   

statements regarding the capabilities of our business operations;   

statements of expected future economic performance;   

statements regarding competition in our market; and   

assumptions underlying statements regarding us or our business.   

Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes
no obligation to update this forward-looking information. Nonetheless, the Company reserves the right to make such updates from
time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to
this report. No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create
an obligation to provide any other updates. 

ii  

Part I Financial Information 

Item 1.    Financial Statements.  

See the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements following the signature page of this report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion and analysis
of our company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  

Overview  

We are a company with
limited liability incorporated in 2007 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Headquartered in Beijing, we provide products and
services to oil and gas companies and their affiliates through Nanjing Recon Technology Co. Ltd ( Nanjing Recon ) and
Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co, Ltd ( BHD ), hereafter referred to as our domestic companies (the  Domestic
Companies ), which are established under the laws of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). As the Company
contractually controls the Domestic Companies, we serve as the center of strategic management, financial control and human resources
allocation. Due to this contractual control and our obligation to bear the losses of the Domestic Companies, we consider them to
be variable interest entities ( VIEs ) for accounting purposes and consolidate their results in our financial statements. 

Through Nanjing Recon
and BHD, our business is mainly focused on the upstream sectors of the oil and gas industry. We derive our revenues from the sales
and provision of (1) oilfield automation products, (2) equipment for oil and gas production and transportation, (3) waste water
treatment products, and (4) engineering services. Our products and services involve most of the key procedures of the extraction
and production of oil and gas, and include automation systems, equipment, tools and on-site technical services. 

Nanjing Recon: Nanjing Recon is a high-tech company that specializes in automation services for oilfield companies. It mainly
focuses on providing automation solutions to the oil exploration industry, including monitoring wells, automatic metering to the
joint station production, process monitor, and a variety of oilfield equipment and control systems.   

BHD: BHD is a high-tech company that specializes in transportation equipment and stimulation productions and services. Possessing
proprietary patents and substantial industry experience, BHD has built up stable and strong working relationships with the major
oilfields in China.   

Recent Developments   

As of the first quarter of fiscal year 2017,
the Company has achieved remarkable achievement in oilfield waste water treatment segment. In January 2016, the Company announced
its cooperation with Qinghai Oilfield Company, signing an agreement to sell the oilfield RMB3.98 million of related products and
services. For the three months period as of September 30, 2016, the Company has completed this agreement and continues to expand
markets in environmental protection industry, including oilfield water treatment and other industrial and sewage disposal projects. 

The Company has also developed new clients
in China s top producing Changqing Oilfield, which is located in China s Xi an Province. The Company has signed
sales contracts for furnaces as of the report day. Management expects further improvement in the coming year. 

Products and Services    

We currently provide
products and services to oil and gas field companies focused on the development and production of oil and natural gas. Our products
and services described below correlate to the numbered stages of the oilfield production system graphical expression shown below. 

Our products and services include: 

Equipment for Oil and Gas Production
and Transportation   

High-Efficiency Heating
Furnaces  (as shown above) . Crude petroleum contains certain impurities that must be removed before it can be sold,
including water and natural gas. To remove the impurities and to prevent solidification and blockage in transport pipes, companies
employ heating furnaces. BHD researched, developed and implemented a new oilfield furnace that is advanced, highly automated, reliable,
easy to operate, safe and highly heat-efficient (90% efficiency). 

Burner  (as
shown above) . We serve as an agent for the Unigas Burner, which is designed and manufactured by UNIGAS, a European burning
equipment production company. The burner we provide has the following characteristics: high degree of automation, energy conservation,
high turn-down ratio, high security and environmental safety. 

Oil and Gas Production Improvement Techniques  

Packers of Fracturing.
This utility model is used in concert with the security joint, hydraulic anchor, and slide brushing of sand spray in the well.
It is used for easy seat sealing and sand uptake prevention. The utility model reduces desilting volume and prevents sand-up, which
makes the deblocking processes easier to realize. The back flushing is sand-stick proof. 

Production Packer. At varying withdrawal
points, the production packer separates different oil layers and protects the oil pipe from sand and permeation, promoting the
recovery ratio. 

Sand Prevention in Oil and Water Well.
This technique processes additives that are resistant to elevated temperatures into  resin sand  which is transported
to the bottom of the well via carrying fluid. The resin sand goes through the borehole, piling up and compacting at the borehole
and oil vacancy layer. An artificial borehole wall is then formed, functioning as a means of sand prevention. This sand prevention
technique has been adapted to more than 100 wells, including heavy oil wells, light oil wells, water wells and gas wells, with
a 100% success rate and a 98% effective rate. 

Water Locating and Plugging Technique.
High water cut affects the normal production of oilfields. Previously, there was no sophisticated method for water locating and
tubular column plugging in China. The mechanical water locating and tubular column plugging technique we have developed resolves
the problem of high water cut wells. This technique conducts a self-sealing test during multi-stage usage and is reliable to separate
different production sets effectively. The water location switch forms a complete set by which the water locating and plugging
can be finished in one trip. The tubular column is adaptable to several oil drilling methods and is available for water locating
and plugging in second and third class layers. 

Fissure Shaper. This is our proprietary
product that is used along with a perforating gun to effectively increase perforation depth by between 46% and 80%, shape stratum
fissures, improve stratum diversion capability and, as a result, improve our ability to locate oilfields and increase the output
of oil wells. 

Fracture Acidizing. We inject acid to layers
under pressure, which can form or expand fissures. The treatment process of the acid is defined as fracture acidizing. The technique
is mainly adapted to oil and gas wells that are blocked up relatively deeply, or oil and gas wells in low permeability zones. 

Electronic Break-Down Service. This service
resolves block-up and freezing problems by generating heat from the electric resistivity of the drive pipe and utilizing a loop
tank composed of an oil pipe and a drive pipe. This technique saves energy and is environmentally friendly. It can increase the
production of oilfields that are in the middle and later periods. 

Automation System and Services   

Pumping Unit Controller. This controller
functions as a monitor to the pumping unit and also collects data for load, pressure, voltage, and startup and shutdown control. 

RTU Monitor. This monitor collects gas
well pressure data. 

Wireless Dynamometer and Wireless Pressure
Gauge. These products replace wired technology with cordless displacement sensor technology. They are easy to install and significantly
reduce the work load associated with cable laying. 

Electric Multi-way Valve for Oilfield Metering
Station Flow Control. This multi-way valve is used before the test separator to replace the existing three valve manifolds. It
facilitates the electronic control of the connection of the oil lead pipeline with the separator. 

Natural Gas Flow Computer System. The flow
computer system is used in natural gas stations and gas distribution stations to measure flow. 

Recon Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
System ( SCADA ). Recon SCADA is a system which applies to the oil well, measurement station and the union station
for supervision and data collection. 

EPC Service of Pipeline SCADA System. This
service technique is used for pipeline monitoring and data acquisition after crude oil transmission. 

EPC Service of Oil and Gas Wells SCADA
System. This service technique is used for monitoring and data acquisition of oil wells and natural gas wells. 

EPC Service of Oilfield Video Surveillance
and Control System. This video surveillance technique is used for controlling the oil and gas wellhead area and the measurement
station area. 

Technique Service for  Digital oilfield 
Transformation. This service includes engineering technique services such as oil and gas SCADA systems, video surveillance and
control systems and communication systems. 

Factors Affecting Our Business   

Business Outlook  

The oilfield engineering and technical
service industry is generally divided into five sectors: (1) exploration, (2) drilling and completion, (3) testing and logging,
(4) production and (5) oilfield construction. Thus far our businesses have been involved in the completion, production and construction
processes. Our management still believes we need to expand our core business, move into new markets and develop new businesses
quickly for the coming years. Management anticipates there will be opportunities in new markets and our existing markets. We also
believe that many existing wells and oilfields need to improve or renew their equipment and service to maintain production and
techniques and services like ours will be needed as new oil and gas fields are developed. In the next three years, we plan to focus
on the following: 

Measuring Equipment and Service.   Digital
oil field technology and the management of oil companies are highly regarded in the industry. We believe our oilfield SCADA system
and assorted products, production managing expert software, and related technical support services will address the needs of the
oil well automation system market, for which we believe there will be increasing demand over the short term and strong needs in
the long term. 

Gathering and Transferring Equipment  . With
more new wells developed, our management anticipates that demand for our furnaces and burners will grow as compared to last year,
especially in the Qinghai Oilfield and Zhongyuan Oilfield. 

New business  . We have been
developing new products for oilfield wastewater treatment and achieved preliminary business on this segment. Our management anticipates
expanding the new business more rapidly in the coming year. 

Growth Strategy  

As a smaller China-focused company, our
basic strategy focuses on developing our onshore oilfield business in the upstream sector of the industry. 

Large domestic oil companies have historically
focused on their exploration and development businesses to earn higher margins and maintain their competitive advantage. With regard
to private oilfield service companies, we estimate that approximately 90% specialize in the manufacture of drilling and production
equipment. Thus, the market for technical support and project service is still in its early stage. Our management is focused on
providing high quality products and services in oilfields in which we have a geographical advantage. This helps us to avoid conflicts
of interest with bigger suppliers of drilling equipment while protecting our position within this market segment. Our mission is
to increase the automation and safety levels of industrial petroleum production in China and improve the underdeveloped working
process and management mode used by many companies by providing advanced technologies. At the same time, we are always looking
to improve our business and to increase our earning capability. 

Recent Industry Developments   

Affected by the worldwide decrease in oil
prices, CNPC and Sinopec, parent companies of our direct clients, reduced their capital expenditure and production activities,
resulting in a declining market and intensive competition. Management will closely monitor the situation and will seek to
extend our business on the industrial chain, such as through providing more integrated services and advanced products and through
growing our business from a predominantly above-ground business to include some downhole services as well. 

On January 1, 2015, China formally
began implementing an updated Environmental Protection Law (the China EPL). The EPL is perceived as the most progressive and
stringent law in the history of environmental protection in China. It details harsher penalties for environmental offences
and imposes additional requirements for oil and gas production companies. As a result, although they reduced capital
expenditures and production activities, China s oil companies have strengthened their investment    and
resources in oil field environment protection and this market is estimated to be billions of RMB. The Company also focused
on this segment and started to develop its own products and service from year 2015. 

Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations   

Our operating results
in any period are subject to general conditions typically affecting the Chinese oilfield service industry and included but are
not limited to: 

oil and gas prices;   

the amount of spending by our customers, primarily those in the oil and gas industry;   

growing demand from large corporations for improved management and software designed to achieve such corporate performance;   

the procurement processes of our customers, especially those in the oil and gas industry;   

competition and related pricing pressure from other oilfield service solution providers, especially those targeting the Chinese oil and gas industry;   

the ongoing development of the oilfield service market in China; and   

inflation and other macroeconomic factors.   

Unfavorable changes
in any of these general conditions could negatively affect the number and size of the projects we undertake, the number of products
we sell, the amount of services we provide, the price of our products and services, and otherwise affect our results of operations. 

Our operating results
in any period are more directly affected by company-specific factors including: 

our revenue growth, in terms of the proportion of our business dedicated to large companies and our ability to successfully develop, introduce and market new solutions and services;   

our ability to increase our revenues from both old and new customers in the oil and gas industry in China;   

our ability to effectively manage our operating costs and expenses; and   

our ability to effectively implement any targeted acquisitions and/or strategic alliances so as to provide efficient access to markets and industries in the oil and gas industry in China.   

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates  

Estimates and Assumptions    

We prepare our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ),
which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on
the most recently available information, our own historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results
could differ from those estimates. An accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time such estimate is made, and if different accounting estimates
that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically,
could materially impact the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following policies involve
a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and require us to make significant accounting estimates. The following
descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this quarterly report. Significant accounting estimates reflected
in our Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful
accounts, inventory valuation, fair value of share based payments, and useful lives of property and equipment. 

Consolidation of VIEs    

We recognize an entity
as a VIE if it either (i) has insufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support or (ii) has equity investors who lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. We consolidate
a VIE as our primary beneficiary when we have both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s
economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially
be significant to the VIE. We perform ongoing assessments to determine whether an entity should be considered a VIE and whether
an entity previously identified as a VIE continues to be a VIE and whether we continue to be the primary beneficiary. 

Assets recognized
as a result of consolidating VIEs do not represent additional assets that could be used to satisfy claims against our general assets.
Conversely, liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional claims on our general assets;
rather, they represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIEs. 

Revenue Recognition    

We recognize revenue when the following
four criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have been
provided, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Delivery does not
occur until products have been shipped or services have been provided to the customers and the customers have signed a completion
and acceptance report, risk of loss has transferred to the customer, customer acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Company
has objective evidence that the criteria specified in a customer s acceptance provisions have been satisfied. The sales price
is not considered to be fixed or determinable until all contingencies related to the sale have been resolved. 

Hardware and software   

Revenue from hardware and software sales
is generally recognized when the product with the embedded software system is shipped to the customer and when there are no unfulfilled
company obligations that affect the customer s final acceptance of the arrangement. Revenue from software is recognized according
to project contracts. Usually this is short term. Revenue is not recognized until completion of the contracts and receipt of acceptance. 

Services  

The Company provides services to improve
software functions and system requirements on separated fixed-price contracts. Revenue is recognized when services are completed
and acceptance is determined by a completion report signed by the customer. 

Deferred income represents unearned amounts
billed to customers related to sales contracts. 

Cost of Revenues    

When the criteria for revenue recognition
have been met, costs incurred are recognized as cost of revenue. Cost of revenues includes wages, materials, handling charges,
the cost of purchased equipment and pipes, other expenses associated with manufactured products and services provided to customers,
and inventory reserve. We expect cost of revenues to grow as our revenues grow. It is possible that we could incur development
costs with little revenue recognition, but based upon our past history, we expect our revenues to grow. 

Fair Values of Financial Instruments   

The US GAAP accounting
standards regarding fair value of financial instruments and related fair value measurements define fair value, establish a three-level
valuation hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. 

The three levels of
inputs are defined as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation
methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation
methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation
methodology are unobservable. 

The carrying amounts
reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets for trade accounts receivable, other receivables, advances to suppliers,
trade accounts payable, accrued liabilities, advances from customers and notes payable approximate fair value because of the immediate
or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Long-term receivables and borrowings approximate fair value because their
interest rates charged approximate the market rates for financial instruments with similar terms. 

Receivables   

Trade receivables
are carried at the original invoiced amount less a provision for any potential uncollectible amounts. Provisions are applied to
trade receivables where events or changes in circumstances indicate that the balance may not be collectible. The identification
of doubtful accounts requires the use of judgment and estimates of management. Our management must make estimates of the collectability
of our accounts receivable. Management specifically analyzes accounts receivable, historical bad debts, customer creditworthiness,
current economic trends and changes in our customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.
Increases in our allowance for doubtful accounts would lower our net income and earnings per share.  

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets    

We review the carrying
values of our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may not be recoverable.
When such an event occurs, we project undiscounted cash flows to be generated from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition
over the remaining life of the asset. If projections indicate that the carrying value of the long-lived asset will not be recovered,
we reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset by the estimated excess of the carrying value over the projected discounted
cash flows. In the past, we have not had to make significant adjustments to the carrying values of our long-lived assets, and we
do not anticipate a need to do so in the future. However, circumstances could cause us to have to reduce the value of our capitalized
assets more rapidly than we have in the past if our revenues were to significantly decline. Estimated cash flows from the use of
the long-lived assets are highly uncertain and therefore the estimation of the need to impair these assets is reasonably likely
to change in the future. Should the economy or acceptance of our assets change in the future, it is likely that our estimate of
the future cash flows from the use of these assets will change by a material amount. There were no impairments at June 30, 2016
and September 30, 2016. However, if impairments were required, our net income and earnings per share would decrease accordingly. 

Share-Based Compensation   

The Company accounts
for share-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718, Share-Based Payment. Under
the fair value recognition provisions of this topic, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair
value of the award and is recognized as expense with graded vesting on a straight line basis over the requisite service period
for the entire award. The Company has elected to mainly utilize the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate an award s
fair value. 

Recently enacted accounting pronouncements   

In October 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control,
to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending how a reporting
entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related parties that are
under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Results of Operations  

The following consolidated results of operations
include the results of operations of the Company and its variable interest entities ( VIEs ), BHD and Nanjing Recon. 

Our historical reporting results are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Compared to Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016   

Revenue   

Our total revenues for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately  7.8 million ($1.2 million), an increase of approximately  4.2
million or 117.1% from  3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The overall increase in revenue was mainly
caused by our increased hardware and software revenue, which includes revenue from automation products and embedded software, equipment
and accessories. The increase in hardware and software revenue was mainly caused by increased demand for our waste water treatment
products, and equipment and furnaces for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

Revenue  
Hardware and software- non-related parties   

(1)  Revenue from automation products and embedded software increased slightly by  56.1 thousand ($8.4 thousand).   

(2)  As shown above, the overall increase in revenue was significantly affected by equipment sales increases due to more furnaces
provided to our new client, Changqing Oilfield, a major subsidiary of PetroChina.   

(3)  During fiscal year 2016, the Company expanded the new market of oilfield waste water treatment products. As of first
                                                                quarter of fiscal year 2017, this segment continued to contribute revenue and margin to our operation. Management expects to
                                                                obtain more business in the coming months due to the quality of our products and long-term cooperation with oilfield
                                                                companies.   

Cost and Margin   

Cost of Revenues . Our cost of revenues
includes raw materials and costs related to design, implementation, delivery and maintenance of products and services. All materials
and components we need can be purchased or manufactured by subcontractors. Usually the prices of electronic components do not fluctuate
dramatically due to market competition and will not significantly affect our cost of revenues. However, specialized equipment and
incentive chemical products may be directly influenced by metal and oil price fluctuations. Additionally, the prices of some imported
accessories mandated by our customers can also affect our costs. Inventory reserve for changes in price level, impairment of inventory,
slow moving inventory or other similar causes will also affect our cost. 

Our cost of revenues increased from approximately
 3.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately  6.7 million ($1.0 million) for the same period
in 2016, an increase of approximately  3.5 million ($0.5 million), or 110.2% . This increase was mainly caused by higher
revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. 

Gross Profit . Our gross profit increased
to approximately  1.1 million ($0.2 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from approximately  0.4 million
for the same period in 2015. Our gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased to 14.0% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from 11.2% for the same period in 2015. This was mainly due to the increase of higher margin hardware sales during this
period. 

In 2015, there was a slow-down in the oilfield
industry, thus customers negotiated a lower selling price which caused the margin percentage to be depressed. In 2016, the gross
margin percentage increased to a normal amount. 

In more detail: 

Revenue from hardware and software to non-related
parties increased by approximately  4.3 million mainly due to the increased orders of waste water treatment products and furnaces.
The gross profit from hardware and software sales to non-related parties increased  0.8 million ($0.1 million) compared to
the same period of last year. 

Service
revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 consisted mainly of maintenance services, which were provided upon
request by customers.  

Operating Expenses  

Selling and Distribution Expenses .  Selling and
distribution expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenditures of our sales and marketing organization, sales commissions,
costs of our marketing programs including traveling charges, advertising and trade shows, and an allocation of our facilities,
depreciation expenses and rental expense, as well as shipping charges. Selling expenses decreased approximately  62.5 thousand
($9.4 thousand) for  the  three months ended September 30 , 2016 compared to the
same period in 2015. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in service fees and shipping charges, as we began working with
qualified vendors  located closer to our customers. Selling expenses were 31.0% of total revenues in the three months ended
September 30, 2015 and 13.5% of total revenues in the same period of 2016. 

General and Administrative Expenses .
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of costs in human resources, facilities costs, depreciation expenses, professional
advisor fees, audit fees, stock based compensation expense and other miscellaneous expenses incurred in connection with general
operations. General and administrative expenses increased by 20.5% or  0.8 million ($0.1 million), from approximately
 4.1 million in the  three months ended September 30 , 2015 to approximately
 4.9 million ($0.7 million) in the same period of 2016. The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly
due to an increase in share-based compensation.  General and administrative expenses were 62.8% of total revenues in the  three
months ended September 30 , 2016 and 113.2% of total revenues in the same period of 2015, due to the increase in our
total revenue. 

Provision for doubtful accounts  .
Provision for doubtful accounts is the estimated amount of bad debt that will arise from accounts receivables, other receivables
and purchase advances. We recorded a provision for doubtful accounts of  2.1 million for the  three
months ended September 30 , 2015 and  8.0 thousand ($1.2 thousand) for the same period in 2016. The decrease in provision
of doubtful accounts was mainly caused by provision for purchase advances of  2.0 million in the three months ended September
30, 2015. During the last few years, we made various down payments for some customized products with a non-refundable requirement.
As those projects were canceled or postponed due to unfavorable industry conditions, management recorded a provision for these
down payments while still trying to minimize the potential losses in the fiscal year of 2016. 

Research and development ( R D )
expenses .  Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenditures for our research and
development projects. Research and development expenses decreased from approximately  1.8 million for  three
months ended September 30,  2015 to approximately  0.6 million ($0.1 million) for the same period of 2016. This decrease
was primarily due to less research and development expense  spent on design of chemical products used for waste water treatment. 

Net Income  

Loss from operations  .
 Loss from operations was approximately  5.5 million ($0.8 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to a loss of  8.7 million for the same period of 2015. This decrease in loss from operations was primary due to an increase
in gross profit, and a decrease in provision for doubtful accounts and research and development expenses.  

Interest and other income (expense) .
 Interest and other income was approximately  3.1 thousand ($0.5 thousand)
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to interest and other expense of  0.2 million for the same period of
2015. The  0.2 million ($0.03 million) increase in interest and other income was primarily due to the increased other income
and the decreased interest expense.  

Benefit for income tax . Benefit
for income tax was approximately  20.1 thousand ($3.0 thousand) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
 16.5 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in benefit for income tax was mainly due to an
increase in income tax benefit of Nanjing Recon as a result of increased tax rebate for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period of 2015. 

Net loss .  As
a result of the factors described above, net loss was approximately  5.5 million ($0.8 million) for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately  3.3 million ($0.5 million) from net loss of  8.8 million for the same
period of 2015.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash in
the amount of approximately  554.6 thousand ($83.2 thousand). As of June 30, 2016, we had cash in the amount of approximately
 1.8 million. 

Indebtedness . As of September 30,
2016, except for approximately  12.5 million ($1.9 million) of short-term borrowings from related parties, we did not have
any finance leases or purchase commitments, guarantees or other material contingent liabilities. 

Holding Company Structure . We are
a holding company with no operations of our own. All of our operations are conducted through our Domestic Companies. As a result,
our ability to pay dividends and to finance any debt that we may incur is dependent upon the receipt of dividends and other distributions
from the Domestic Companies. In addition, Chinese legal restrictions permit payment of dividends to us by our Domestic Companies
only out of their respective accumulated net profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations.
Under Chinese law, our Domestic Companies are required to set aside a portion (at least 10%) of their after-tax net income (after
discharging all cumulated loss), if any, each year for compulsory statutory reserve until the amount of the reserve reaches 50%
of our Domestic Companies  registered capital. These funds may be distributed to shareholders at the time of each Domestic
Company s wind up. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements .
We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.
In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders 
equity, or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest
in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover,
we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support
to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

Capital Resources . To date we have
financed our operations primarily through cash flows from operations and financing activities. As of September 30, 2016, we had
total assets of approximately  76.4 million ($11.4 million), which includes cash of approximately  0.6 million ($0.08 million),
net accounts receivable due from third parties of approximately  37.3 million ($5.6 million), working capital of approximately
 41.2 million ($6.2 million). Shareholders  equity amounted to approximately  37.9 million ($5.7 million). 

Cash from Operating Activities .
Net cash used in operating activities was approximately  0.3 million ($0.05 million) for the three months ended September 30,
2016. This was a decrease of approximately  0.7 million ($0.1 million) compared to net cash used in operating activities of
approximately  1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to collections of notes receivable of  1.6 million
($0.2 million), collections from trade accounts receivable due from third parties of  1.0 million ($0.2 million), collections
of other receivable due from third parties of  1.9 million ($0.3 million) and an increase in trade accounts payable due from
third parties of  1.7 million ($0.3 million), partly offset by payments for advances due from third parties of  2.9 million
($0.4 million). 

Cash from Investing Activities .
Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately  22.3 thousand ($3.3 thousand) for the three months ended September
30, 2016, which was an increase in cash provided by investing activities of approximately  0.5 million compared to the same
period in 2015, which increase is due to a decrease in the Company s purchase of additional property and equipment and an
increase in proceeds from disposal of equipment. 

Cash from Financing
Activities . Net cash used in financing activities amounted to  1.0 million ($0.1 million) for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $7.1 million for the same period in 2015. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repaid  5.3 million ($0.8 million) in short-term borrowings to two related
parties and repaid  0.5 million ($0.08 million) in  short-term borrowings to one third-party, and we received
 4.8 million ($0.7 million) from two related parties. 

Working Capital .  Total working
capital as of September 30, 2016 amounted to approximately  41.2 million ($6.2 million), compared to approximately  44.5
million as of June 30, 2016. Total current assets as of September 30, 2016 amounted to approximately  71.4 million ($10.7 million),
a decrease of approximately  2.9 million ($0.4 million) compared to approximately  74.3 million at June 30, 2016. The decrease
in total current assets at September 30, 2016 compared to June 30, 2016 was mainly due to decreases in cash, notes receivable and
other receivables, partially offset by an increase in purchase advance. 

Current liabilities amounted to approximately
 30.3 million ($4.5 million) at September 30, 2016, in comparison to approximately  29.9 million at June 30, 2016. This
increase of liabilities was attributable mainly to an increase in trade accounts payable, partially offset by a decrease in short-term
borrowings-third parties and short-term borrowings-related parties. 

The decrease in working capital of approximately
 3.3 million helped to support the loss from operation of approximately  5.4 million. 

Capital Needs . With the uncertainty
of the current market, our management believes it is necessary to enhance collection of outstanding accounts receivable and other
receivables, and to be cautious on operational decisions and project selection. Our management believes that our current operations
can satisfy our daily working capital needs. We may also raise capital through public offerings or private placements of our securities
to finance our development of our business and to consummate any merger and acquisition, if necessary. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

As of September 30,
2016, the company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including our Company s
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Company s disclosure
controls and procedures under the 2013 COSO framework. Because we do not currently have enough full-time employees with experience
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that
our Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) were ineffective in timely alerting them to information required to be included in the Company s periodic Securities
and Exchange Commission filings. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

Management continues
to focus on internal control over financial reporting. As of September 30, 2016, the Company intends to further implement the following
remedial initiatives 

Improve the design and documentation related to multiple
levels of review over financial statements included in our SEC filings; 

Expand the design and assessment test work over the
monitoring function of entity level controls; 

Enhance documentation retention policies over test
work related to continuous management assessments of internal control effectiveness; and 

Expand documentation practices and policies related
to various key controls to provide support and audit trails for both internal management assessment as well as external auditor
testing. 

There were no changes
 in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting, except as disclosed above. 

Part II Other Information 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  

None. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

(a)  
      None   

(b)  
      None   

(c)  
      None   

Item 3.    Defaults upon Senior
Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

The following exhibits are filed herewith: 

Exhibit  
          Number   

Document    

3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant    (1)    

3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association of the Registrant    (1)    

4.1  
       
      Specimen Share Certificate    (1)    

10.1  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Technical Consulting Service Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd. and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.2  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Chen Guangqiang in Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.3  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Yin Shenping in Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.4  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Li Hongqi in Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.5  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.6  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Yin Shenping and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.7  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Li Hongqi and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.8  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.9  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Yin Shenping and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.10  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Li Hongqi and Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.11  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Technical Consulting Service Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd. and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.12  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Chen Guangqiang in Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.13  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Yin Shenping in Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.14  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Li Hongqi in Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.15  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.16  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Yin Shenping and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.17  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Li Hongqi and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.18  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.19  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Yin Shenping and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.20  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Li Hongqi and Jining ENI Energy Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.21  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Technical Consulting Service Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.22  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Chen Guangqiang in Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.23  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Yin Shenping in Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.24  
       
      Translation of Power of Attorney for rights of Li Hongqi in Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.25  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.26  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Yin Shenping and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.27  
       
      Translation of Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co. Ltd., Li Hongqi and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.28  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Chen Guangqiang and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.29  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Yin Shenping and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.30  
       
      Translation of Equity Interest Pledge Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd., Li Hongqi and Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd.    (1)    

10.33  
       
      Employment Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd. and Mr. Yin Shenping    (1)    

10.34  
       
      Employment Agreement between Recon Technology (Jining) Co., Ltd. and Mr. Chen Guangqiang    (1)    

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document    (3)    

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document    (3)    

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document    (3)    

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document    (3)    

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document    (3)    

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document    (3)    

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the Company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RECON
    TECHNOLOGY, LTD    

November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Liu Jia   

Liu Jia   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the Company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RECON
    TECHNOLOGY, LTD    

November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Yin Shenping   

Yin Shen ping   

Chief Executive
    Officer   

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD  

INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
     PAGE  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016     
     F-2  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016      
     F-3  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016     
     F-4  

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     
     F-5  

RECON TECHNOLOGY,
LTD  

   Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

  (unAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

RECON TECHNOLOGY,
LTD  

   CONDENSED
Consolidated Statements of operations and Comprehensive LOSS   

 (UNAUDITED) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

RECON TECHNOLOGY,
LTD  

   CONDENSED
Consolidated Statements of Cash flows   

  (UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

NOTE
1.  
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS 

Organization      Recon
Technology, Ltd (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on August 21, 2007 by Messrs.
Yin Shenping, Chen Guangqiang and Li Hongqi (the  Founders ) as a limited liability company. The Company provides specialized
oilfield equipment, automation systems, tools, chemicals and field services to petroleum companies mainly in the People s
Republic of China (the  PRC ).  

The Company, along with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Recon
Technology Co., Limited ( Recon HK ), Jining Recon Technology Ltd. ( Recon JN ), Recon Investment Ltd.
( Recon IN ) and Recon Hengda Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ( Recon BJ ), conducts its business through
the following PRC legal entities ( Domestic Companies ) that are consolidated as variable interest entities ( VIEs )
and operate in the Chinese oilfield equipment   service industry: 

1.   Beijing BHD Petroleum Technology Co., Ltd. ( BHD ),   

2.  Nanjing Recon Technology Co., Ltd. ( Nanjing Recon ).   

The Company has signed Exclusive Technical Consulting Service
Agreements with each of the Domestic Companies, which are our VIEs and Equity Interest Pledge Agreements and Exclusive Equity Interest
Purchase Agreements with their shareholders. Through these contractual arrangements, the Company has the ability to substantially
influence each of the Domestic Companies  daily operations and financial affairs, appoint their senior executives and approve
all matters requiring shareholder approval. As a result of these contractual arrangements, which enable the Company to control
the Domestic Companies, the Company is considered as the primary beneficiary of each Domestic Company. Thus, the Company is able
to absorb 90% of net interest or 100% of net loss of those VIEs. 

On December 17, 2015, Huang Hua BHD Petroleum Equipment Manufacturing
Co. LTD, a fully owned subsidiary established by BHD was organized under the laws of the PRC. 

Nature
of Operations      The Company engaged in (1) providing
equipment, tools and other hardware related to oilfield production and management, including simple installations in connection
with some projects; (2) service to improve production and efficiency of exploited oil wells, and (3) developing and selling its
own specialized industrial automation control and information solutions. The products and services provided by the Company include:  

NOTE 2. LIQUIDITY   

As reflected in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, the Company had recurring net losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016.  In assessing its liquidity, management monitors and analyzes the Company s cash on-hand and its ability
to generate sufficient revenue sources in the future to support its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Company
plans to fund its continuing operations through identifying new prospective joint venture and strategic alliance opportunities
for new revenue sources, financial supports by major shareholders and reducing costs to improve profitability and replenish working
capital. Management believes that the foregoing measures collectively will provide sufficient liquidity for the Company to meet
its future liquidity and capital obligations. 

NOTE 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of presentation -     The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America for interim financial information pursuant to the rules of the SEC and have been consistently applied. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have
been included. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto
included in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. The results of operations for the interim periods
presented may not be indicative of the operating results to be expected for the Company s fiscal year ending June 30, 2017.  

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

Principles
of Consolidation -     The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company, all the subsidiaries and VIEs of the Company. All transactions and balances
between the Company and its subsidiaries and VIEs have been eliminated upon consolidation.  

Variable
Interest Entities      -    A
VIE is an entity that either (i) has insufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support or (ii) has equity investors who lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. A VIE is consolidated
by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact
the entity s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that
could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company performs ongoing assessments to determine whether an entity should be
considered a VIE and whether an entity previously identified as a VIE continues to be a VIE and whether the Company continues to
be the primary beneficiary.  

Assets recognized as a result of consolidating VIEs do not represent
additional assets that could be used to satisfy claims against the Company s general assets. Conversely, liabilities recognized
as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional claims on the Company s general assets; rather, they
represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIEs. 

Currency
Translation       -   The
Company s functional currency is the Chinese Yuan ( RMB ) and the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been expressed in Chinese Yuan. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 have been translated into United States dollars ( U.S. dollars ) solely for
the convenience of the readers. The translation has been made at the rate of  6.6702 = US$1.00, the approximate exchange rate
prevailing on September 30, 2016. These translated U.S. dollar amounts should not be construed as representing Chinese Yuan amounts
or that the Chinese Yuan amounts have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars.  

Estimates
and assumptions       -   The
preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that management
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Estimates are adjusted to reflect actual experience when necessary. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company s
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, allowance for
inventory, the useful lives of property and equipment and the fair value of share- based payments. Since the use of estimates is
an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Fair
Values of Financial Instruments     -   The
US GAAP accounting standards regarding fair value of financial instruments and related fair value measurements define fair value,
establish a three-level valuation hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  

The three levels of inputs are defined
as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation
methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation
methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.  

Level 3 inputs to
the valuation methodology are unobservable. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

The carrying amounts reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheets for trade accounts receivable, other receivables, purchase advances, trade accounts payable, accrued liabilities,
advances from customers, short-term bank loan and short-term borrowings approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term
maturity of these financial instruments. It was impracticable to estimate the fair value of long-term other receivables, because
this is due from the Company s former VIE and there are no comparable markets for receivables with similar terms. 

Trade
Accounts and Other Receivables     -   Accounts
receivable are carried at original invoiced amount less a provision for any potential uncollectible amounts. Accounts are considered
past due when the related receivables are more than a year old. Provision is made against trade accounts and other receivables
to the extent they are considered to be doubtful. Accounts are written off after extensive efforts at collection. Other receivables
arise from transactions with non-trade customers.  

Purchase
Advances     -   Purchase
advances are the amounts prepaid to suppliers for purchases of inventory and are recognized as inventory when the final amount
is paid to the suppliers and the inventory is delivered.  

Inventories       -   Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value, on a first-in-first-out basis. The methods of determining inventory costs are
used consistently from year to year. Allowance for inventory obsolescence is provided when the market value of certain inventory
items is lower than the cost.  

Property
and Equipment       -   Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation on motor vehicles and office equipment is computed using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from two to ten years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the
shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets.  

Items   
       Useful life    
 
      Motor vehicles  
      5-10 years   
 
      Office equipment  
      2-5 years   
 
      Leasehold improvement  
      5 years   
 
      Production equipment  
      10 years   

Long-Lived
Assets     -   The
Company applies the ASC Topic 360  Property, plant and equipment.  ASC Topic 360 requires that long-lived assets, such
as property and equipment be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of
the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. There were no impairments at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016.  

Revenue
Recognition     -   The
Company recognizes revenue when the following four criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) delivery has
occurred or services have been provided, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.
Delivery does not occur until products have been shipped or services have been provided to the customers and the customers have
signed a completion and acceptance report, risk of loss has transferred to the customers, customers  acceptance provisions
have lapsed, or the Company has objective evidence that the criteria specified in customers  acceptance provisions have been
satisfied. The sales price is not considered to be fixed or determinable until all contingencies related to the sale have been
resolved.  

Hardware and software: 

 Revenue from hardware and software sales is generally recognized
when the product with the embedded software system is shipped to the customer and when there are no unfulfilled company obligations
that affect the customer s final acceptance of the arrangement. Revenue from software is recognized according to project
contracts. Usually this is short term. Revenue is not recognized until completion of the contracts and receipt of acceptance. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

Service: 

 The Company provides services to improve software function and
system operation on separated fixed-price contracts. Revenue is recognized on the completed contract method when acceptance is
determined by a completion report signed by the customer. 

Share-Based
Compensation -     The Company accounts for share-based
compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Share-Based Payment. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this topic,
share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense
with graded vesting on a straight line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. The Company has elected
to recognize compensation expenses using the Binomial Lattice valuation model estimated at the grant date based on the award s
fair value.  

Income
Taxes     - Provisions for income taxes are based on taxes
payable or refundable for the current year and deferred taxes. Deferred taxes are provided on differences between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, and tax carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are included in the financial statements at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the
deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. The Company has not been subject to any income
taxes in the United States or the Cayman Islands.  

The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would
be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

Loss
per Share       -   Basic
Earnings/Loss Per Share     ( EPS )     is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. Diluted EPS are computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary share equivalents outstanding.  

Potentially dilutive ordinary shares consist of ordinary shares
issuable upon the conversion of ordinary stock options, restricted shares and warrants (using the treasury stock method). The effect
from options, restricted shares and warrants would have been anti-dilutive due to the fact that we incurred a net loss during the
three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In October 2016, the FASB has issued  Accounting
Standards Update  (ASU) No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under Common
Control, to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending how
a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related parties
that are under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTE 4. TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET 

Accounts receivable consisted of the following: 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

*The receivable from Yabei Nuoda was recognized primarily from
the sale of automation system and services based on written contracts. Based on the repayment agreement signed on September 2,
2015, the outstanding balance was to be collected in three installments during the period from September, 2015 to December, 2017,
with each installment of  2,467,036 ($369,858). During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company received the first payment
on time as scheduled.     

Provision for accounts receivables due from third party was
 32,038 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and recovery of accounts receivables due from third party was  205,944
($30,875) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.   
During the three months ended September 30, 2016, no accounts receivable write-off against allowance for doubtful accounts, the
recovery was due to the collections of accounts receivable. 

NOTE 5. OTHER RECEIVABLES, NET 

Other receivables consisted of the following: 

Provision for other receivables was  19,000 and  17,648
($2,646) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

(A)    The remaining part of this loan will be repaid over four years with
quarterly installments of  699,147, which is due by June 30, 2017. The Company has continued to receive the payments under
the agreement.     

(B)    Loans to third-parties are mainly used for short-term funding to
support the Company s external business partners. These loans are due on demand bearing no interest.    

(C)  Business advances to staffs represent advances for
business travel and sundry expenses related to oilfield or on-site installation and inspection of products through customer approval
and acceptance. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

NOTE 6. PURCHASE ADVANCES 

The Company purchased products and services from a third party
and a related party during the normal course of business. Purchase advances consisted of the following: 

Provision for purchase advances were  2,058,888 and  196,322
($29,432) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. The Company recorded allowance for these down payments
and will continue to try to collect or get inventories delivered. These payments were advanced for certain customized equipment
of the planned projects. As those projects were delayed or canceled or there is rare chance to be profitable, the Company decided
to suspend those projects and recorded allowances related to advanced payments for those projects as the Company may not be able
to receive those funds back. Management is still making efforts to collect partially or negotiate with venders for some other alternative
solutions to minimize the Company s loss. 

NOTE 7. INVENTORIES 

Inventories consisted of the following: 

Recovery of slow moving inventory was  123,332 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and provision for slow moving inventory was  262,135 ($39,299) for the three months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 8. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

Depreciation expense was  259,768 and  205,580 ($30,821)
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 9. OTHER PAYABLES 

Other payables consisted of the following: 

NOTE 10. TAXES PAYABLE 

Taxes payable
consisted of the following:  

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

NOTE 11. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  

Short-term borrowings from a third party were fully repaid in
2016 without interest, due on August 15, 2016. 

Short-term borrowings from related parties consisted of the
following: 

Interest expense for short-term borrowings due to related parties
was  171,448 and  132,490 ($19,863) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 12. SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Stock offering   

In June 2015, the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement with certain institutional investors for the sale of 297,197 ordinary shares in a registered direct offering (4,000 shares
at an average of $1.64 on June 9, 2015; 288,105 shares at an average of $2.12 on June 10, 2015; 5,092 shares at an average of $2.00
on June 11, 2015). The net cash proceeds received from the stock offering, after deducting  1,294,922 ($212,673) underwriter
commission and other associated fees, were  2,392,027 (approximately $0.6 million). 

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company offered 15,874 ordinary shares under the same purchase agreement from June 2015.
The net cash proceeds received from the stock offering were  158,268 ($23,820) . During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company did not offer any ordinary shares under the purchase agreement.  

Appropriated Retained Earnings  
-  According to the Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Company
is required to transfer a certain portion of its net profit, as determined under PRC accounting regulations, from current net income
to the statutory reserve fund. In accordance with the PRC Company Law, companies are required to transfer 10% of their profit after
tax, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the statutory reserves until such reserves reach
50% of the registered capital or paid-in capital of the companies. As of June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016, the balance of total
statutory reserves was  4,148,929 and  4,148,929 ($622,008), respectively . 

NOTE 13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

Stock-Based Awards Plan   

2012
Incentive Plan            The
Company granted options to purchase 415,000 ordinary shares to its employees and non-employee director on March 26, 2012. The options
have an excise price of $2.96, which was equal to the share price of the Company s ordinary shares at March 26, 2012, and
will vest over a period of five years, with the first 20% vesting on March 26, 2013. The options expire ten years after the date
of grant, on March 26, 2022. The Company recognizes compensation cost for awards with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period for the entire award. The grant date fair value of the options was  10.06 ($1.49) per share.  

2015
Incentive Plan        The Company granted options
to purchase 400,000 ordinary shares to its employees and non-employee director on January 31, 2015. The options have an excise
price of $1.65, which was equal to the share price of the Company s ordinary shares at January 31, 2015, and will vest equally
over a period of three years, with one third vesting on January 31, 2016. The options expire ten years after the date of grant,
on January 31, 2025.  

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

The Company recognizes compensation cost for awards with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period for the entire award. The grant date fair value of the options was  10.13 ($1.65) per share. 

The following is a summary of the stock options activity: 

The following is a summary of the status of options outstanding
and exercisable at September 30, 2016: 

The Share-based compensation expense recorded
for stock options granted were  509,528 and  543,102 ($81,422) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016,
respectively. The total unrecognized share-based compensation expense for stock options as of September 30, 2016 was approximately
 2.3 million ($0.35 million), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.21 years. 

Restricted Shares to senior manager  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
granted restricted shares of common stock to senior management as follows: 

On December 13, 2013, the Company granted
95,181 restricted shares to Mr. Yin Shenping and 135,181 restricted shares to Mr. Chen Guangqiang at an aggregate value of  4,207,496
($688,782), based on the stock closing price of $2.99 at December 13, 2013. These restricted shares will vest over three years
with one third of the shares vesting every year from the grant date. The first one third was vested on December 13, 2014 and are
now non-restricted. 

On January 31, 2015, the Company granted
150,000 restricted shares to Mr. Yin Shenping and 150,000 restricted shares to Mr. Chen Guangqiang at an aggregate value of  3,038,558($495,000),
based on the stock closing price of $1.65 at January 31, 2015. These restricted shares will vest over three years with one third
of the shares vesting every year from the grant date. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

On October 18, 2015, the Company granted
800,000 restricted shares to its employees and non-employee director as compensation cost for awards. The fair value of the restricted
shares was $704,000 based on the closing stock price $0.88 at October 18, 2015. 

On July 27, 2016, the Company granted 876,000
restricted shares to its employees and non-employee director as compensation cost for awards. The fair value of the restricted
shares was $963,600 based on the closing stock price $1.10 at July 27, 2016, and no shares were issued as of September 30, 2016. 

The Share-based compensation expense recorded
for restricted shares granted were  617,024 and  1,423,568 ($213,421) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and
2016, respectively. The total unrecognized share-based compensation expense for restricted shares granted as of September 30, 2016
was approximately  11.0 million ($1.66 million), which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately
2.33 years. 

Restricted Shares for service  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company has granted restricted shares of common stock to consultants as follows: 

On July 27, 2016, the Company
approved the grant of 250,000 restricted shares with a value of $275,000 to designees of an independent consulting firm as
compensation for advisory services. Those restricted shares were officially issued on October 21,
2016. 

Following is a summary of the restricted
stock granted: 

NOTE 14. INCOME TAX 

The Company is not subject to any income taxes in the United
States or the Cayman Islands and had minimal operations in jurisdictions other than the PRC. BHD and Nanjing Recon are subject
to PRC s income taxes as PRC domestic companies. The Company follows Implementing Rules for the Enterprise Income Tax Law
( Implementing Rules ), which took effect on January 1, 2008 and unified the income tax rate for domestic-invested
and foreign-invested enterprises at 25%. 

Nanjing Recon was approved as a government-certified high  technology
company on December 11, 2013 and is subject to a reduced income tax rate of 15% through December 11, 2016. Nanjing Recon reapplied
for high-technology enterprise approval and has passed all relevant reviews. 

As approved by the domestic tax authority in the PRC, BHD was
recognized as a government-certified high technology company on November 25, 2009 and is subject to a reduced income tax rate of
15% through November 25, 2018. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

Loss before provision for income taxes consisted of:  

Deferred tax asset is comprised of the following:    

Deferred tax liability is comprised of the following: 

The Company s tax benefit is comprised of the following: 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

NOTE 15. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

Non-controlling interest consisted of the following: 

NOTE 16. CONCENTRATIONS 

For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, the
two largest customers, China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) and China Petroleum   Chemical Corporation
Limited ( SINOPEC ), represented approximately 81.21% and 91.77% of the Company s total revenue, respectively. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, four major suppliers accounted for 60% of the company s total purchases. 
For the  three months ended September  30, 2016, two major suppliers
accounted for 58% of the company s total purchases.    

NOTE 17. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCY  

(a)    Office Leases    

The Company leases three offices in Beijing
(two for BHD; one for Recon-JN) and one office in Nanjing for Nanjing Recon. Future payments under such leases are as follows as
of September 30, 2016: 

(b) Contingency  

The Labor Contract Law of the PRC requires employers to assure
the liability of severance payments if employees are terminated and have been working for the employers for at least two years
prior to January 1, 2008. The employers will be liable for one month of severance pay for each year of the service provided by
the employees. As of September 30, 2016, the Company estimated its severance payments of approximately  1.7 million ($0.25
million) which has not been reflected in its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, because management cannot predict
what the actual payment, if any, will be in the future. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

NOTE 18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
AND BALANCES 

Purchases from related parties     purchases
from related parties consisted of the following: 

Leases
from related parties     - The Company has various agreements
for the lease of office space owned by the Founders and their family members. The terms of the agreement state that the Company
will continue to lease the property at a monthly rent of  140,000 with annual rental expense at  1.68 million ($0.25 million).
The one-year lease agreements between Nanjing Recon and Mr. Yin and his family member started from April 1, 2016. The one-year
lease agreements between BHD and Mr. Chen Guangqiang and his family member started from January 1, 2016 and the annual lease between
Recon BJ and Mr. Yin started from July 1, 2016.   

Short-term
borrowings from related parties       - The Company
borrowed  12,941,848 and  12,515,253 ($1,876,288) from the Founders and their family members as of June 30, 2016 and September
30, 2016, respectively. For the specific terms and interest rates of the borrowings, see Note 11.  

Expenses paid by the owner on behalf of Recon -   One
owner of Nanjing Recon, Mr. Yin and the major owner of BHD, Mr. Chen paid certain operating expenses for the Company. As of June
30, 2016 and September 30, 2016,  3,144,263 and  2,889,437 ($433,185) was due to them, respectively. 

NOTE
19. Variable Interest Entities  

The Company reports its VIEs  portion of unaudited condensed
consolidated net income and stockholders  equity as non-controlling interests in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD     Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

Summary information regarding consolidated VIEs is as follows: 

The financial performance of VIEs reported in the unaudited
condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes
revenues of  7,802,103 ($1,169,692), operating expenses of  3,106,810 ($465,773), and net loss of  2,013,555 ($301,872). 

NOTE
20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On October 11, 2016, the Company borrowed  720,000 ($107,942)
from one of its founders bearing an annual interest of 5.66%, due by October 11, 2017 to supplement the Company s working
capital. 

On November 1, 2016, the Company borrowed  1,420,000 ($212,887)
from one of its founders bearing an annual interest of 5.66%, due by August 31, 2017 to supplement the Company s working
capital. 

On November 12, 2016, the Board approved to issue 330,000 restricted
shares to Beijing San Li Hai Tian Technology Co. Ltd. ( BJSL ) for certain mold and software platform development
services. The fair value of the restricted shares was $306,900 based on the closing stock price of $0.93 on November 11, 2016.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452229_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Shenping Yin, certify that: 

(1)         I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Recon Technology, Ltd;  

(2)         Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;   

(3)         Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

(4)         The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

(d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)         The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

(a)         All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)         Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
       /s/ Shenping Yin    

Shenping Yin   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452229_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Jia Liu, certify that: 

(1)         I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Recon Technology, Ltd;  

(2)         Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;   

(3)         Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

(4)         The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

(d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)         The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

(a)         All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)         Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
       /s/ Jia Liu    

Jia Liu   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452229_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In
connection with this Form 10-Q report of Recon Technology, Ltd for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, Shenping Yin, certify that:   

(1)         This
report containing the financial statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and  

(2)         The
information contained in the this period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Recon Technology, Ltd.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
       /s/ Shenping Yin    

Shenping Yin   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452229_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In
connection with this Form 10-Q report of Recon Technology, Ltd for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, Jia Liu, certify that:   

(1)         This
report containing the financial statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and  

(2)         The
information contained in the this period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Recon Technology, Ltd.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
       /s/ Jia Liu    

Jia Liu   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.3>
 6
 v452229_ex99-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.3

Exhibit 99.3  

Recon Technology, Ltd. Reports First
Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results  

BEIJING, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 

Recon Technology  (the  Company  or  Recon )
 (NASDAQ: RCON) , ( Recon  or the  Company ), a leading independent oilfield services provider operating
primarily in China, today reported its financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, which ended September
30, 2016. 

Q1 FY2017 Financial Highlights:    

Newly launched Oilfield waste management business saw RMB1.9 million
($0.3 million) in revenues, as compared to RMB0 in the same period of last year;     

Operating loss was RMB5.5 million ($0.8 million) for the first quarter
of FY2017, compared to a loss of RMB8.7 million for the same period last fiscal year;     

Mr. Shenping Yin, Chairman and CEO of Recon stated,  We
continued to develop and expand our new oilfield waste management business this quarter. We are pleased with these results so far
in fiscal 2017. And we look forward to expanding more business sectors and potential markets in the following quarters.  

Q1 FY2017 Financial Results  

Revenues  

Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were
RMB7.8 million ($1.2 million), an increase of RMB4.2 million or 117.1% from RMB3.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The overall increase in revenue was mainly caused by our increased hardware and software revenue. In particular, (a)
revenue from automation products and embedded software increased slightly to RMB2.1 million; (b) revenues from equipment and accessories
increased by RMB2.3 million, or 160.5%, to RMB3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to RMB1.5
million for the same period of last fiscal year; and (c) as of first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the new oilfield waste water
treatment products segment contributed RMB1.9 million revenue to our operations. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin   

Cost of revenues increased from RMB3.2 million in the three
months ended September 30, 2015 to RMB6.7 million ($1.0 million) for the same period in 2016, an increase of approximately RMB3.5
million ($0.5 million), or 110.2%. 

Gross profit increased to approximately RMB1.1 million ($0.2
million) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from approximately RMB0.4 million for the same period in 2015. Gross profit
as a percentage of revenue increased to 14.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 11.2% for the same period in 2015. 

Operating Loss and Operating Loss Margin   

Selling expenses decreased approximately RMB62.5 thousand ($9.4
thousand) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. General and administrative expenses
increased by 20.5% or RMB0.8 million ($0.1 million), from  RMB4.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to
RMB4.9 million ($0.7 million) in the same period of 2016. Research and development expenses decreased from approximately RMB1.8
million for three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately RMB0.6 million ($0.1 million) for the same period of 2016. Total
operating expenses decreased by RMB2.5 million, or 27.6%, to RMB6.6 million ($1.0 million) for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from RMB9.08 million for the same period during last fiscal year. 

Operating loss was approximately RMB5.5 million ($0.8 million)
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a loss of RMB8.7 million for the same period of 2015. 

Net Loss  

Net loss and net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was RMB5.5 million ($0.8 million), or RMB0.92 ($0.14) per diluted share, compared
to RMB8.85 million, or RMB1.63 ($0.26) per diluted share, for the same period last fiscal year. 

Financial Position  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents
of RMB0.6 million ($0.08 million), and short-term borrowings from related parties of RMB12.5 million ($1.9 million), compared to
RMB3.9 million and RMB9.4 million, respectively, for the same period last fiscal year. Working capital as of September 30, 2016
was RMB41.2 million ($6.2 million) as compared to RMB66.5 million at September 30, 2015. Net cash used in operating activities
was RMB0.3 million ($0.05 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to RMB1.0 million for the same period
of last fiscal year. Net cash used in investing activities was RMB22.3 thousand ($3.3 thousand) for the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to RMB0.5 million for the same period of last fiscal year. Net cash used in financing activities was RMB1.0
million ($0.1 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to RMB7.1 million ($1.1 million) for the same period
last fiscal year. 

Recent Developments   

As of the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company has
achieved remarkable achievement in its oilfield waste water treatment segment. In January 2016, the Company announced its cooperation
with Qinghai Oilfield Company, signing an agreement to sell the oilfield RMB3.98 million of related products and services. For
the three months period ended September 30, 2016, the Company has completed this agreement and continues to expand markets in the
environmental protection industry, including oilfield water treatment and other industrial and sewage disposal projects. 

The Company has also developed new clients China's top producing
Changqing Oilfield, which is located in China's Xi'an Province. 

About Recon   

Recon Technology, Ltd. is China's first listed non-state
owned oil and gas field service company on Nasdaq (RCON). Recon supplies China's largest oil exploration companies, Sinopec and
CNPC, with advanced automated technologies, efficient gathering and transportation equipment and reservoir stimulation measure
for increasing petroleum extraction levels, reducing impurities and lowering production costs. Through the years, RCON has taken
leading positions on several segmented markets of the oil and gas filed service industry. RCON also has developed stable long-term
cooperation relationship with its major clients, and its products and service are also well accepted by clients. For additional
information please visit us at www.recon.cn.  

Safe Harbor   

This news release contains forward-looking statements as
defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans,
objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than
statements of historical facts. These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, product
and service demand and acceptance, changes in technology, economic conditions, the impact of competition and pricing, government
regulation, and other risks contained in reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All such forward-looking
statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are expressly qualified by the cautionary
statements and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. In addition, the company disclaims
any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.  

Company Contact 

 Liu Jia 
Recon Technology, Ltd. 
+86 (10) 84945799 
info@recon.cn 

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD      
 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     
 
      (UNAUDITED)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements     

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD    
 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    
 
      (UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements     

RECON TECHNOLOGY, LTD    
 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
 
      (UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements      

</EX-99.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 rcon-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rcon-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rcon-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rcon-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rcon-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rcon-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

