<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1478069_0001193125-16-764470_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3213921</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238378</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>215774</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>540354</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1285740</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>819265</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764470.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764470
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONTRAFECT Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001478069
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36577
		FILM NUMBER:		161984909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 WELLS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			YONKERS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-207-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 WELLS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			YONKERS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764470.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d281461d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission file number 001-36577        
       ContraFect
Corporation      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  39-2072586   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

28 Wells Avenue, 3 rd  Floor, Yonkers, NY  
   
  10701   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (914) 207-2300   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.       Yes       No    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares of the registrant s Common
Stock outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was 41,578,804.          

Table of Contents  

   CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   
    INDEX       

Page No.  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
   
    Financial Statements   

1 

Item 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations   

16 

Item 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

22 

Item 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

23 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

24 

Item 1A  
   
    Risk Factors   

24 

Item 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

46 

Item 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

46 

Item 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

46 

Item 5.  
   
    Other Information   

46 

Item 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

46 

SIGNATURES     

48 

Table of Contents  

     CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   
  PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets       
    See accompanying notes.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

   CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   
  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations       
    See accompanying notes.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   
  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss       
    See accompanying notes.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   ContraFect Corporation   
  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows       
    See accompanying notes.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   ContraFect Corporation   
  Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements   
  September 30, 2016      1.
Organization and Description of Business      Organization and Business   
 ContraFect Corporation (the  Company ) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on protein and antibody therapeutic products
for life-threatening infectious diseases, particularly those treated in hospital-based settings. The Company intends to address multi-drug resistant infections using its therapeutic product candidates from its lysin and monoclonal antibody platforms
to target conserved regions of either bacteria or viruses. The Company s most advanced product candidates are CF-301, a lysin for the treatment of Staph aureus bacteremia, and CF-404, a combination of mAbs for the treatment of life-threatening
seasonal and pandemic varieties of influenza.    The Company has incurred losses from operations since inception as a research and
development organization and has relied on its ability to fund its operations through public and private debt and equity financings. Management believes its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances as of September 30, 2016 will
be sufficient to fund operations into the second half of 2018 and expects operating losses and negative cash flows to continue at more significant levels in the future as it initiates additional clinical trials. Transition to profitability is
dependent upon the successful development, approval, and commercialization of its product candidates and achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. The Company may never achieve profitability, and unless and
until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital. Management intends to fund future operations through additional public or private equity financings, and may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic
partners or from other sources. There can be no assurances that such financing will be available to the Company on satisfactory terms, or at all.  
 On June 11, 2015, the Company completed a private placement of securities to institutional investors whereby the investors received an
aggregate of 4,728,128 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 2,364,066 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of $18.3 million, net of expenses.
   On November 2, 2015, the Company s Class B Warrants to purchase common stock expired in accordance with their terms. As of
November 2, 2015, holders of the Class B Warrants had exercised 4,812,328 Class B Warrants, resulting in the issuance of 2,406,164 shares of the Company s common stock and the receipt by the Company of approximately $9.6 million in gross
proceeds. The 2,068,005 Class B Warrants that were not exercised prior to expiration were terminated and are no longer exercisable.    On
July 27, 2016, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 14,000,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 14,000,000 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share (the
 Follow-on Offering ). The public offering price was $2.50 per share of common stock and accompanying warrant, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately $32.0 million after underwriting discounts and commissions and
offering expenses payable by the Company.    The significant increases in common stock outstanding are expected to impact the year-over-year
comparability of the Company s net loss per share calculations.     2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
  Basis of Presentation and Consolidation   
 The accompanying financial information as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
has been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The December 31, 2015 balance sheet was derived from the Company s audited
financial statements. The Company s audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, including all related disclosures and the complete listing of significant accounting policies as described in Note 2 thereof,
are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

  In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial information as of September 30, 2016
and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects all adjustments, which are normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present a fair statement of financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future periods.  
 On June 2, 2016, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, ContraFect International Limited, in Scotland to establish legal
status for interactions with the European Economic Area. This subsidiary is dormant or is otherwise non-operative. Any inter-company accounts are eliminated in consolidation.  
  Significant Risks and Uncertainties     The
Company s operations are subject to a number of factors that can affect its operating results and financial condition. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the results of clinical testing and trial activities of the Company s
products, the Company s ability to obtain regulatory approval to market its products, competition from products manufactured and sold or being developed by other companies, the price of, and demand for, the Company s products, the
Company s ability to negotiate favorable licensing or other manufacturing and marketing agreements for its products and the Company s ability to raise capital. See  Risk Factors  contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for additional risks and uncertainties.     Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases estimates and assumptions on
historical experience when available and on various factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions, including those related to accruals, fair value
measurements, stock-based compensation, warrant valuation and income taxes. The Company s actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There have been no significant changes from the Company s
original estimates in any periods presented.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include bank demand deposits, marketable securities with maturities of three months or less at purchase, and money market funds that invest primarily in certificates of deposit, commercial paper and
U.S. government and U.S. government agency obligations. Cash equivalents are reported at fair value.     Concentrations of Credit Risk   
 Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities. The Company holds these investments in highly rated financial institutions, and, by policy, limits the amounts of credit exposure to any one financial institution. These amounts at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company
has not experienced any credit losses in such accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk on these funds. The Company has no off-balance sheet concentrations of credit risk, such as foreign currency exchange contracts,
option contracts or other hedging arrangements.     Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts payable, accrued liabilities,
convertible notes and warrant liabilities. Fair value estimates of these instruments are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information. These estimates may be subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of
significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. The fair value of the Company s warrant liabilities are based upon unobservable inputs, as described further below.  
 The Company is required to disclose information on all assets and liabilities reported at fair value that enables an assessment of the inputs
used in determining the reported fair values. Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  (ASC 820), establishes a hierarchy of inputs used in measuring fair value that
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, and are
developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy applies only to the valuation inputs used in determining the reported fair value of the investments and is not a measure of the investment credit
quality.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  
 Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the
ability to access at the measurement date.    Level 2 Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly.    Level 3 Valuations that
require inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.  
 To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair
value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on
the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.    The Company had no liabilities classified as Level 1 or
Level 2. The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying financial statements for accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their respective fair values due to their short-term maturities. The fair value of the warrant is discussed in
Note 4,  Fair Value Measurements.      Share-based Compensation   
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation,  which requires the
measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and non-employee directors, including employee stock options. Compensation expense based on the grant date fair value is generally amortized
over the requisite service period of the award on a straight-line basis.    The fair value of options is calculated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options on the date of grant based on key assumptions such as stock price, expected volatility and expected term. The Company s estimates of these assumptions are primarily based on
historical data, peer company data and judgment regarding future trends and factors.     Net Loss Per Share   
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period, without consideration
for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is calculated by adjusting weighted average shares outstanding for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents outstanding for the period, determined using the treasury-stock method. For
purposes of the dilutive net loss per share calculation, stock options and warrants are considered to be common stock equivalents but are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect would be anti-dilutive given the
Company s net loss; therefore, basic and diluted net loss per share were the same for all periods presented.     Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions, and other events and
circumstances from non-owner sources, and currently consists of net loss and changes in unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements     In
August 2014, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (ASU
2014-15) . ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are
issued, and, if such conditions exist, to provide related footnote disclosures. The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company expects to adopt this guidance when effective and is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (ASU 2015-17) . ASU
2015-17 requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The classification change for all deferred taxes as non-current simplifies entities  processes
as it  
      7  

Table of Contents  

eliminates the need to separately identify the net current and net non-current deferred tax asset or liability in each jurisdiction and allocate valuation allowances. The Company elected to
retrospectively adopt this accounting standard in the beginning of the Company s fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. The adoption of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s financial statements due to full valuation allowance
recorded on the Company s deferred taxes.    In January 2016, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update,  Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (ASU 2016-01) . ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although the ASU retains many current requirements, it
significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair
value. The ASU also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
with early adoption permitted for certain changes. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects the new standard will have of the Company s financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update,  Leases (ASU 2016-02) . ASU 2016-02 is aimed at making leasing
activities more transparent and comparable and requires most leases be recognized by lessees on the balance sheets as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, regardless of whether they are classified as finance or operating leases.
The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new
pronouncement on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures.    In March 2016, the FASB issued a new Accounting
Standards Update,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09) . ASU 2016-09 requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating APIC
pools. Accounting for an employee s use of shares to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation and for forfeitures will change. Companies will have to elect whether to account for forfeitures by recognizing
forfeitures of awards as they occur or estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change, as is currently required. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures.
   In June 2016, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update,  Financial Instruments-Credit Lo  s  ses   (ASU
2016-13).  ASU 2016-13 amends the guidance for measuring and recording credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost by replacing the  incurred loss  model with an  expected loss  model. Accordingly, these
financial assets will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. This new standard also requires that credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities be recorded through an allowance for such losses rather than reducing the
carrying amount under the current, other-than-temporary-impairment model. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new standard will have on
its financial statements and related disclosures.     3. Marketable Securities   
 Marketable securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of investments in short-term corporate debt securities.
Management determines the appropriate classification of the securities at the time they are acquired and evaluates the appropriateness of such classifications at each balance sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable securities as
available-for-sale pursuant to ASC 320, Investments   Debt and Equity Securities. Marketable securities are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in
stockholders  equity (deficit) and a component of total comprehensive loss in the statements of comprehensive loss, until realized. The fair value of these securities is based on quoted prices for identical or similar assets. Realized gains and
losses are included in investment income on a specific-identification basis. There were no realized gains or losses on marketable securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The Company reviews marketable securities for other-than-temporary impairment whenever the fair value of a marketable security is less than
the amortized cost and evidence indicates that a marketable security s carrying amount is not recoverable within a reasonable period of time. Other-than-temporary impairments of investments are recognized in the statements of operations if the
Company has experienced a credit loss, has the intent to sell the marketable security, or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the marketable security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Evidence
considered in this assessment includes reasons for the impairment, compliance with the Company s investment policy, the severity and the duration of the impairment and changes in value subsequent to the end of the period.  
 Marketable securities at September 30, 2016 consist of the following:  

8  

Table of Contents  

  Marketable securities at December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  
   
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held 31 and 28 debt securities,
respectively, that individually and in total were in an immaterial unrealized loss position for less than one year. The aggregate fair value of debt securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was
$31,547,702 and $21,137,424, respectively. The Company evaluated its securities for other-than-temporary impairment and considered the decline in market value for the securities to be primarily attributable to current economic and market conditions.
It is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities, and the Company does not intend to do so prior to the recovery of the amortized cost basis. Based on this analysis, these marketable securities were not
considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     4. Fair Value Measurements   
 The following fair value hierarchy table presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

9  

Table of Contents  

  The Company issued a warrant to the representative of the underwriter of its initial public
offering (the  Representative s Warrant ). The Company determined that this warrant should be classified as a liability and considers it as a Level 3 financial instrument (see also Note 8,  Capital Structure ). The
Representative s Warrant will be re-measured at each subsequent reporting period and changes in fair value will be recognized in the statement of operations. The following assumptions were used in a Black-Scholes option-pricing model to
determine the fair value of the warrant liability:      
   The Company issued warrants to the purchasers of its Follow-on Offering (the  CMPO Warrants ), The
Company determined that these warrants should be classified as a liability and considered as a Level 3 financial instrument (see also Note 8,  Capital Structure ). The CMPO Warrants will be re-measured at each subsequent reporting period
and changes in fair value will be recognized in the statement of operations. The following assumptions were used in a Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of the warrant liability:  
   
   The following tables present a reconciliation of the Company s financial liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
  Warrant liabilities       

(1) 
 The change in fair values of the warrant liabilities is recorded in other expenses in the statement of operations. The key inputs into the Black-Scholes option pricing model are the per share value and the expected
volatility for the Company s common stock. Significant changes in these inputs will directly increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the Company s warrant liability.    
  5. Accrued Expenses     Accrued expenses
consist of the following:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   6. Senior Convertible Notes   
 The Company issued approximately $15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.00% Convertible Notes due May 31, 2015 (the
 Convertible Notes ) from June 2013 through June 2014. On August 1, 2014, in conjunction with the closing of the Company s initial public offering, the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, and all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon, automatically converted into 5,109,988 shares of common stock. Upon the closing of the offering, the Company accelerated the amortization of the remaining debt discount balance to interest expense.  
 Each purchaser of the Convertible Notes received a warrant (the  Note Warrants ). Upon the closing of the initial public offering
and based on the terms of the Note Warrants, the Company determined the total number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Note Warrants to be 3,321,416 at an exercise price of $3.00 per share. There were 3,315,878 shares of
common stock underlying the outstanding Note Warrants as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Note Warrants expire five years from the date of issuance.  
  7. Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock   
 Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for all periods presented because the effects of potentially dilutive items
were anti-dilutive given the Company s net loss. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding.  
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for common stockholders:  
   
   The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been
excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as they would have been anti-dilutive given the Company s net loss:      
    8. Capital Structure   
  Common Stock     As of September 30,
2016, the Company was authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.0001 par value per share.     Follow-on Offering
    On July 27, 2016, the Company sold 14,000,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 14,000,000 shares
of its common stock in an underwritten Follow-on Offering for gross proceeds of $35.0 million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $32.0 million after underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company.
   The warrants have an exercise price of $3.00 per share and expire five years from the date of issuance (the  CMPO Warrants ).
The CMPO Warrants contain a fundamental transaction provision that obligates the Company to cash settle the CMPO Warrants under a limited set of conditions not entirely within the Company s control. Due to this conditional obligation, the
Company determined that the CMPO Warrants should be classified as a liability in the Company s balance sheet. At issuance, the Company  
      11  

Table of Contents  

determined the fair value of the CMPO Warrants to be $18.6 million and reclassified this balance from stockholders  equity to warrant liability. The fair value of the CMPO Warrants will be
re-measured at each reporting period and changes in fair value will be recognized in the statement of operations (see Note 4,  Fair Value Measurements ). Additionally, the Company allocated approximately $1.6 million of issuance costs to
the CMPO Warrants based on the proportion of the proceeds allocated to the fair value of CMPO Warrants. The allocated issuance costs were expensed as other expense in the Company s statement of operations.  
  Private Placement     On
June 12, 2015, the Company sold an aggregate of 4,728,128 common shares and warrants to purchase an additional 2,364,066 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $20.0 million in a private placement (the  PIPE ). The warrants have
an exercise price of $8.00 per share and expire three years form the date of issuance (the  PIPE Warrants ). The Company received net proceeds from the PIPE of $18.3 million, after deducting expenses payable by the Company.  
 The placement agents in the PIPE received warrants to purchase a total of 189,126 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.65 per
share which expire on June 11, 2020 (the  Placement Agent Warrants ). The PIPE Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants have been classified as stockholders  equity in the Company s balance sheet.  
  Initial Public Offering   
 In July 2014, the stockholders approved an amended certificate of incorporation that became effectively immediately upon the closing of the
Company s initial public offering ( IPO ). The approved certificate increased the number of authorized shares of common stock to 100,000,000 shares.  
 On August 1, 2014, the Company closed its IPO of units. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant to
purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $4.80 per share and one Class B Warrant to purchase one-half share of common stock at an exercise price of $4.00 per full share. The closing of the IPO resulted in the sale of an aggregate
of 6,880,333 units at a public offering price of $6.00 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions and the underwriter s expenses, including 880,333 units issued upon the exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase
additional units at the public offering price to cover over-allotments. The Company received net proceeds from the IPO of $35.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and expenses payable by the Company. Following the IPO, the
units separated and the shares of common stock, Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants began to trade separately. The common stock and accompanying Class A and Class B Warrants have been classified as stockholders  equity in the
Company s balance sheet.    On November 2, 2015, the Company s Class B Warrants to purchase common stock expired in
accordance with their terms. As of November 2, 2015, holders of the Class B Warrants had exercised 4,812,328 Class B Warrants, resulting in the issuance of 2,406,164 shares of the Company s common stock and the receipt by the Company of
approximately $9.6 million in gross proceeds. The 2,068,005 Class B Warrants that were not exercised prior to expiration have terminated and are no longer exercisable.  
  Representative s Warrant   
 The Maxim Group, LLC, the representative of the underwriter in the IPO, received the Representative s Warrant to purchase 3% of the total
number of shares of common stock sold in the IPO, including those shares sold upon the exercise of the over-allotment option, for a total of 206,410 shares of common stock underlying the Representative s Warrant. The Representative s
Warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of $7.50 per share beginning 180 days after the effective date of the Company s registration statement (January 24, 2015) and expiring on August 27, 2019. The Company classified the
Representative s Warrant as a liability since it did not meet the requirements to be included in equity. The fair value of the Representative s warrant will be re-measured at each reporting period and changes in fair value will be
recognized in the statement of operations (see Note 4,  Fair Value Measurements ).     Voting   
 The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held at all meetings of stockholders and written
actions in lieu of meetings.     Dividends   
 The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the board of directors. As of
September 30, 2016, no dividends have been declared or paid on the Company s common stock since inception.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Reserved for Future Issuance   
 The Company has reserved for future issuance the following number of shares of common stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015:      
    Sales Agreement   
 In January 2016, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC ( Cowen ) to sell shares of the
Company s common stock, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to $30 million, through an  at the market  equity offering program under which Cowen was to act as sales agent. On July 21, 2016, the Company terminated the Sales
Agreement. The Company did not sell any shares under the program.     9. Stock Warrants   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had warrants outstanding as shown in the table below.  

(1) 
 Other warrants are comprised of warrants issued prior to the Company s IPO, generally in exchange for services rendered to the Company.    
 The following table summarizes information regarding the Company s warrants outstanding at September 30, 2016:  
   
    10. Stock Option and Incentive Plans   
  Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan   
 In July 2008, the Company adopted the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan allows for the granting of non-qualified
stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and other performance awards to the Company s employees, members of the board of directors and consultants of the Company.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Upon the original adoption of the Plan, the number of shares of common stock reserved pursuant to
the Plan was 214,285. On December 12, 2011, the Plan was amended to increase the number of shares of common stock available under the Plan to 900,000. On February 24, 2014, the board of directors increased the number of shares of common
stock available under the Plan to 1,857,142. On April 29, 2014, the board of directors increased the number of shares of common stock available under the Plan to 2,357,142. The Company expects no further grants to be made under the Plan.  
  2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan   
 In April 2014, the Company s board of directors adopted the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan
was approved by the Company s stockholders on July 3, 2014. The 2014 Plan allows for the granting of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights and other performance-based
awards to the Company s employees, members of the board of directors and consultants of the Company. On July 28, 2014, the effective date of the 2014 Plan, the number of shares of common stock reserved pursuant to the 2014 Plan was
571,429. The 2014 Plan provides for an annual increase, to be added on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and continuing until the expiration of the 2014 Plan, equal to the lesser of
(i) 4% of the outstanding shares of common stock on such date or (ii) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors. Consistent with the provision for an annual increase, an additional 1,907,997 shares of common stock have
been reserved under the 2014 Plan.    The Company recognized compensation expense for share-based compensation based on the fair value of
the underlying instrument. The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. A summary of stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is summarized
as follows:      
   Of the option grants outstanding to purchase 4,677,371 shares of common stock, grants to purchase 667,870
shares of common stock were issued and are outstanding outside the Company s incentive plans.    The fair value of each option grant is
estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.25, $3.27, $4.67, and
$4.75, respectively. Total compensation expense recognized amounted to $330,284, $1,886,033, $502,659, and $1,448,309, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the total
remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was $2,426,606 which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.37 years.  
 The following assumptions were used to compute the fair value of stock option grants:  
   
    Expected volatility  The Company estimated the expected volatility based on an average of the
volatility of similar companies with publicly-traded equity securities. The companies were selected based on their enterprise value, risk profiles, position within the industry, and with historical information sufficient to meet the expected term of
the associated award.     Expected term  The Company based expected term on the midpoint of the vesting period and the contractual
term of each respective option grant.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  Risk-free interest rate The Company estimated the risk-free interest rate in reference to
yield on U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity date commensurate with the expected term of the associated award.     Expected dividend
yield  The Company estimated the expected dividend yield based on consideration of its historical dividend experience and future dividend expectations. The Company has not historically declared or paid dividends to common stockholders.
Moreover, it does not intend to pay dividends in the future, but instead expects to retain any earnings to invest in its continued growth.     11.
Significant Agreements     On March 25, 2016, the Company entered into a separation agreement and release of claims with its former
Chief Executive Officer, Julia P. Gregory. Subject to Ms. Gregory s continued compliance with restrictive covenants contained in her employment agreement with the Company, the separation agreement provides for Ms. Gregory to receive
severance payments totaling $1.2 million for a period of 18 months following the effective date of Ms. Gregory s retirement, the accelerated vesting of all unvested portions of stock option grants dated April 29, 2014 and
February 8, 2016, and continued medical, dental and vision coverage paid for by the Company under the Company s group healthcare plans for up to eighteen months following the effective date of Ms. Gregory s retirement. The total
amount of these charges was recognized as part of general and administrative expenses. Ms. Gregory will have a period of two years following the effective date of her retirement to exercise her vested Company stock options.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition in conjunction with the
information set forth in our financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15,
2016.       Forward-Looking Statements    
  The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which are subject to the  safe harbor 
created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, our beliefs regarding lysins, future operations, future financial position, the sufficiency of our cash and cash
equivalents and marketable securities, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  expects ,  intends ,
 targets ,  may ,  plans ,  projects ,  potential ,  will ,  would ,  could  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not
all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All such forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, statements regarding:  

the success, cost, timing and potential indications of our product development activities and clinical trials;         

our ability to advance into and through clinical development and ultimately obtain FDA approval for our product candidates;         

our future marketing and sales programs;         

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates and our expectations regarding the size of the commercial markets for our product candidates;     

our research and development plans and ability to bring forward additional product candidates into preclinical and clinical development;     

the effect of competition and proprietary rights of third parties;         

the availability of and our ability to obtain additional financing;         

the effects of existing and future federal, state and foreign regulations;         

the seeking of joint development, licensing or distribution and collaboration and marketing arrangements with third parties; and     

the period of time for which our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operations.     
  As more fully described under the heading  Risk Factors  contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, many
important factors affect our ability to achieve our stated objectives and to develop and commercialize any product candidates. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including,
without limitation, the risks and uncertainties set forth in our filings with the SEC. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and
expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.      Overview   
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing therapeutic protein and antibody products for the treatment
of life-threatening, drug-resistant infectious diseases, including those caused by drug resistant pathogens, particularly those treated in hospital settings. Drug-resistant infections account for two million illnesses in the United States and
700,000 deaths worldwide each year. We intend to address drug-resistant infections using our therapeutic product candidates from our lysin and monoclonal antibody platforms that target conserved regions of either bacteria or viruses. Lysins are
enzymes derived from naturally occurring bacteriophage which are viruses that infect bacteria. When recombinantly produced and then applied to bacteria, lysins cleave a key component of the target bacteria s peptidoglycan cell wall, which
results in rapid bacterial cell death. Lysins kill  
      16  

Table of Contents  

bacteria faster than conventional antibiotics, which typically require bacterial cell division and metabolism in order to kill or stop the growth of bacteria. We believe that the properties of
our lysins will make them suitable for targeting antibiotic-resistant organisms, such as Staphylococcus aureus ( Staph aureus ) which causes serious infections such as bacteremia, pneumonia and osteomyelitis. In addition, our lysins have
demonstrated the ability to clear biofilms in animal models, and we believe they may be useful for the treatment of biofilm-related infections in prosthetic joints, indwelling devices and catheters. Beyond our lysin programs, we are exploring
therapies using monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ) designed to bind to viral targets. Our approach to antibody therapy employs a combination of multiple mAbs to either achieve greater efficacy or provide broader coverage across pathogenic
strains.    We have not generated any revenues and, to date, have funded our operations primarily through the issuance and sale of common
stock and warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debt to our investors. In connection with our initial public offering, we issued and sold units consisting of one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price of $4.80 per share and one Class B Warrant to purchase one-half share of common stock at an exercise price of $4.00 per full share. As of November 2, 2015, the date of expiration of the Class B Warrants,
holders of the Class B Warrants had exercised 4,812,328 Class B Warrants, resulting in the issuance of 2,406,164 shares of the Company s common stock and the receipt by the Company of approximately $9.6 million in gross proceeds. In June 2015,
the Company completed a private placement of securities to institutional investors whereby the investors received an aggregate of 4,728,128 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 2,364,066 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of $18.3 million, net of expenses. On July 27, 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering of 14,000,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase
an additional 14,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share (the  Follow-on Offering ). We received net proceeds of $32.0 million after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by
the Company.    We have never been profitable and our net losses were $10.5 million and $29.1 million, respectively, for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and $25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase in connection
with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our product candidates through preclinical activities and clinical trials to seek regulatory approval and, if approved, commercialize such product candidates. Additionally, we expect to incur
additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need additional financing to support our continuing operations. We expect to seek to fund our operations through public or private equity, debt financings,
equity-linked financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, research grants or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and
when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so.  
  Financial Operations Overview       Revenue    
 We have not generated any revenues to date. In the future, we may generate revenues from product sales. In addition, to the extent we enter
into licensing or collaboration arrangements, we may have additional sources of revenue. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the amount and timing of payments that we may recognize upon the
sale of our products, to the extent that any products are successfully commercialized, and the amount and timing of fees, reimbursements, milestone and other payments received under any future licensing or collaboration arrangements. If we fail to
complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner, obtain regulatory approval for them, or successfully commercialize them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, would be
materially adversely affected.      Research and Development Expenses    
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our drug discovery efforts, and
the development of our product candidates, which include:      

employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and non-cash share-based compensation expense;        

external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties such as contract research organizations ( CROs ), contract manufacturers, consultants and academic institutions; and

facilities and laboratory and other supplies.      We expense research and development costs to
operations as incurred. We account for non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities as expenses when the service has been performed or when the goods have been received,
rather than when the payment is made.    The following summarizes our most advanced current research and development programs.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

    CF-301: lead lysin program    
 CF-301 is a parenteral, potent, bactericidal lysin targeting Staph aureus bacteria, making it a highly specific therapeutic candidate for the
treatment of patients with Staph aureus bacteremia. In December 2015, we concluded a Phase 1 single ascending dose study in healthy volunteers. We have worldwide development and commercial rights to CF-301 and expect to fund the future development
and commercialization costs related to this program.      CF-404: lead mAb program    
 CF-404 is a potent combination of three mAbs targeting the conserved regions of the influenza virus. CF-404 cross-reacts with all human
seasonal strains of influenza, making it a highly specific therapeutic candidate for the treatment of patients with life-threatening varieties of influenza. We have worldwide development and commercial rights to CF-404 and expect to fund the future
development and commercialization costs related to this program.    To date, a large portion of our research and development work has
related to the establishment of both our lysin and antibody platform technologies, the advancement of our research projects to discovery of clinical candidates, manufacturing and preclinical testing of our product candidates and Phase 1 clinical
testing of CF-301, the first lysin to enter clinical trials in the U.S. In the future, we intend to continue using our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple development programs as well as research projects. In the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded approximately $5.9 million and $17.7 million, respectively, of research and development expenses. A breakdown of our research and development expenses by category is shown below. We do not
currently utilize a formal time or laboratory project expense allocation system to allocate employee-related expenses, laboratory costs or depreciation to any particular project. Accordingly, we do not allocate these expenses to individual projects
or product candidates. However, we do allocate some portions of our research and development expenses in product development, external research and licensing costs and professional fees, by project, including CF-301 and CF-404, as shown below.  
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by category for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:      
   The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by program for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   We anticipate that our research and development expenses will increase substantially as the clinical trials
for our product candidates progress. However, the successful development of future product candidates is highly uncertain. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing drugs, including the uncertainty of:  

the scope, rate of progress and expense of our research and development activities;        

the feasibility and success of our product formulation and manufacturing processes;    
      18  

Table of Contents  

clinical trial results;        

the terms and timing of regulatory approvals;        

our ability to market, commercialize and achieve market acceptance for our product candidates in the future; and        

the expense, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing of patent claims and other intellectual property rights.    
 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we may
develop could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of CF-301, CF-404 or such other product candidates. For example, if the FDA or other regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials
beyond those which we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development of CF-301 or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any clinical trials of CF-301, we could be required to expend significant
additional financial resources and time on the completion of the clinical development of CF-301.      General and Administrative Expenses    
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel, including non-cash share-based compensation
expense, in our executive, finance, legal, human resource and business development functions. Other general and administrative expenses include facility costs, insurance expenses and professional fees for legal, consulting and accounting services.
   We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods to support increases in our research and
development activities and as a result of increased headcount, expanded infrastructure, increased legal, compliance, accounting and investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public company and increased insurance premiums, among
other factors.      Interest Income    
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates   
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which
we have prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on our limited historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors
that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.    There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies from
the information provided in the section  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by us with the SEC on March 15, 2016 .    
  Results of Operations     The following
table summarizes key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated.      
     Comparison of three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development expense was $5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $3.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.5 million. This increase was primarily attributable to a  
      19  

Table of Contents  

$1.4 million increase in expenditures on our product candidates as we continued to prepare CF-301 for Phase 2 clinical trials and to progress CF-404 through IND-enabling activities, including
cGMP manufacturing. We expect that our expenditures on CF-404 will continue to decrease through the remainder of 2016 as cGMP manufacturing has been substantially completed. Research and development expense also increased due to a $1.2 million
increase in salaries and benefits and professional fees resulting from an increase in both our headcount and use of consultants.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expense was $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $2.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.5 million. This decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.3 million decrease in share-based compensation expense and a $0.2 million decrease in professional fees.  
  Other income (expense)   
 Other expense was $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with other income of $0.2 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in expense of $2.8 million. This increase in expense was due primarily to $1.6 million of issuance costs allocated to the warrants issued in our Follow-on Offering and $1.1 million of expense due to
the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities.      Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development expense was $17.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $10.1 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $7.6 million. This increase was primarily attributable to a $3.2 million increase in expenditures on our product candidates as we continued to prepare CF-301 for Phase 2 clinical trials and
to progress CF-404 through IND-enabling studies and manufacturing activities, a $2.4 million increase in professional fees and other external research costs and a $1.9 million increase in salaries, benefits and laboratory costs resulting from an
increase in our research and development headcount.     General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expense was $9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $7.5 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.7 million. This increase was primarily attributable to increased severance costs of $1.4 million, including $0.5 million of non-cash share-based compensation expense, and a $0.3 million
increase in legal and accounting costs related to our SEC filings.     Other income (expense)   
 Other expense was $2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with other income of less than
$0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in expense of $2.4 million. This increase in expense was due primarily to $1.6 million of issuance costs allocated to the warrants issued in our Follow-on Offering and
a $0.7 million increase in expense due to the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
   Sources of Liquidity      We have
financed our operations to date primarily through proceeds from sales of common stock and warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debt. To date, we have not generated any revenue from the sale of products. We have incurred losses and
generated negative cash flows from operations since inception.    Since the date of our initial public offering through September 30,
2016, we had received gross proceeds of $41.3 million from the sale of units, consisting of common stock and warrants, in our initial public offering ( IPO ), $9.6 million from the exercise of the Class B Warrants issued as part of the
units in our IPO, $20.0 million from the sale of securities in a private placement and $35.0 million from the sale of securities in our registered Follow-on Offering.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $43.2 million. We primarily invest our cash and
cash equivalents in commercial money market accounts and our marketable securities in highly rated corporate debt securities.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

    Cash flows    
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
   
    Operating Activities   
 Net cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from our net losses adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in the components of
working capital. Net cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $5.0 million as compared to the same period in 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had an increase in our
loss from operations as we advanced CF-301 towards initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial and substantially completed cGMP manufacturing of CF-404.  
  Investing Activities     Net
cash used in investing activities in both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulted primarily from the investment of our cash balances into marketable securities, partially offset by proceeds received from the maturities of
marketable securities.     Financing Activities   
 Net cash provided by financing activities in both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulted primarily from sales of our
securities to institutional investors, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $32.0 million in July 2016 and of $18.3 million in June 2015.  
  Funding Requirements     All of our product
candidates are in early clinical or preclinical development. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we:

initiate the planned clinical trials of our product candidates;        

continue our ongoing preclinical studies, and initiate additional preclinical studies, of our product candidates;        

continue the research and development of our other product candidates and our platform technology;        

seek to identify additional product candidates;        

acquire or in-license other products and technologies;        

seek marketing approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;        

establish, either on our own or with strategic partners, a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval;    

maintain, leverage and expand our intellectual property portfolio; and        

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and future commercialization efforts.    
    We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together
with interest thereon, will be sufficient to fund our operations into the second half of 2018. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect.
Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the
development of our current product candidates. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:      

the progress and results of the clinical trials of our lead product candidates;        

the scope, progress, results and costs of compound discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our other product candidates;    

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other products, product candidates or technologies;    
      21  

Table of Contents  

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates;        

the costs of future commercialization activities, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval;    

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval;    

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; and    

our ability to establish any future collaboration arrangements on favorable terms, if at all.    
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity
offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. Whenever we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or other securities, the ownership
interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that
include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or
licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to
raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to third parties to develop and market product
candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.    We incur significant increased costs as a public company that
we did not previously incur prior to our IPO, including, but not limited to, increased personnel costs, increased directors fees, increased directors and officers insurance premiums, audit and legal fees, investor relations and external
communications fees, expenses for compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ and various other costs and expenses.  
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments   
 There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments outside the ordinary course of business from those disclosed
under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Contractual Obligations and Commitments  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 10, 2016.     Effects of Inflation   
 We do not believe that inflation or changing prices had a significant impact on our results of operations for any periods presented herein.
    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We
did not have during the periods presented, and we are currently not party to, any off-balance sheet arrangements.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Our primary exposure to
market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $43.2 million. Because of the short-term
maturities of our cash equivalents and marketable securities, we do not believe that an increase in market rates would have any significant impact on the fair value of our cash equivalents or marketable securities. If a 10% change in interest rates
were to have immediately occurred on September 30, 2016, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date.  
 While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities do not contain excessive credit or liquidity risk, we cannot provide
absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. In addition, we maintain significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions that are in excess of
federally insured limits.    We do not own any derivative financial instruments. Accordingly, we do not believe that there is any material
market risk exposure with respect to derivative, foreign currency or other financial instruments that would require disclosure under this item.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is
required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.    As required by Rule
13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level
as of September 30, 2016.      Changes in Internal Control    
 As required by Rule 13a-15(d) and Rule 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our principal executive officer and our
principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there were no such changes during the quarter ended September 30, 2016
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       We are not a party to any material legal proceedings at this time.
From time to time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe we are
party to any claim or litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an
adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS        The following description of risk factors includes any material changes
to, and supersedes the description of, risk factors associated with the Company s business previously disclosed in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on
August 9, 2016. Our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or
indirectly, cause the Company s actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, results of operations and financial condition. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could
materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and common stock price. Other factors may exist that we do not consider significant based on information that is currently available. In
addition, new risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect us. Past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors
should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.      The following discussion of risk factors
contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Form 10-Q or elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes in Part
I, Item 1,  Financial Statements  and Part I, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   
  Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital   
   We have incurred significant losses since our inception and do not expect to generate revenue for at least the next several years. We expect to incur
losses for at least the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability.      We are a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company with no approved products, and we have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. To date, we have focused exclusively on developing our product candidates and have funded our operations primarily through the
sale of common stock and warrants, convertible preferred stock and issuances of convertible debt to our investors. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in the
pharmaceutical industry, and you should analyze our company in light of such risks and uncertainties.    Since inception, we have incurred
significant operating losses. Our net loss was $29.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. We have devoted substantially all of our efforts to research and development.
We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year.  
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as clinical trials for any of our product candidates commence or progress. Our
expenses will increase if and as we:      

seek to discover or develop additional product candidates;        

seek marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;        

in-license or acquire other products and technologies;        

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;        

hire additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; and        

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

    Our recurring losses from operations could raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a
going concern.      We currently operate with limited resources. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
balance of $43.2 million as of September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund our projected operations into the second half of 2018. Depending on the level of cash used in or generated from operations, additional capital may be required to
sustain operations. We have incurred significant losses since our inception and have never generated revenue or profit, and it is possible we will never generate revenue or profit. Meaningful revenues will likely not be available until and unless
any future product candidates are approved by the FDA or comparable regulatory agencies in other countries and successfully marketed, either by us or a partner, an outcome which may not occur. There is no assurance that other financing will be
available when needed to allow us to continue as a going concern. The perception that we may not be able to continue as a going concern may cause others to choose not to deal with us due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual
obligations. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, you could lose all or part of your investment in our Company.      We currently have no
source of product revenue and have not yet generated any revenues from product sales.      To date, we have not completed the
development of any products and have not generated any revenues from product sales. Our ability to generate revenue from product sales and achieve profitability will depend upon our ability to successfully commercialize products, including any of
our current product candidates, or other product candidates that we may in-license or acquire in the future. Even if we are able to successfully achieve regulatory approval for these product candidates, we may never generate revenues that are
significant enough to achieve profitability. Our ability to generate revenue from product sales from our current or future product candidates also depends on a number of additional factors, including our ability to:  

successfully complete development activities, including the necessary clinical trials;        

complete and submit biologics license applications ( BLAs ) to the FDA, and obtain regulatory approval for indications for which there is a commercial market;    

complete and submit applications to, and obtain approval from, foreign regulatory authorities;        

set a commercially viable price for our products;        

develop a commercial organization capable of sales, marketing and distribution for any products we intend to sell ourselves in the markets which we choose to commercialize on our own;    

find suitable distribution partners to help us market, sell and distribute our products in other markets; and        

obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third parties, including government and private payors.    
 In addition, because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, including that any of our product candidates
may not advance through development or achieve the desired endpoints of applicable clinical trials, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses, or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we
are able to complete the development and regulatory process for any product candidates, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing these products.  
 Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of our products, we may not become profitable. If we do achieve profitability, we may
not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital to expand our business or continue our
operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment.      We have a need for substantial
additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts.    
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the clinical development of CF-301
and preclinical development of CF-404, and, possibly, acquire and develop new product candidates or technologies. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to
raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts.  
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:  

the complexity, timing and results of our clinical trials of our product candidates;        

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates;        

the costs of developing our product candidates for additional indications;    
      25  

Table of Contents  

our ability to establish scientific or business collaborations on favorable terms, if at all;        

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent or other intellectual property applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property-related claims;

the extent to which we in-license or acquire other product candidates or technologies; and        

the scope, progress, results and costs of product development for our product candidates.    
 Conducting clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the
necessary data or results to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, if approved, CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop may not achieve commercial success. Accordingly, we may need to continue to
rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future
operating plans. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.      Raising additional capital may cause
dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates.    
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity
offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity
or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve
agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.  
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third
parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt
financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market
ourselves.      Our short operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future
viability.      We were incorporated in 2008 and commenced active research operations in 2010. Our operations to date have been
limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital and acquiring and developing CF-301, CF-404 and other potential product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete Phase 2 or Phase
3 clinical trials, obtain marketing approval, manufacture a commercial scale product, or arrange for a third-party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently,
any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history.  
 In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to
transition from a company with a product development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition.  
   The timing of the milestone and royalty payments we are required to make under certain agreements, including to Rockefeller and Trellis, is uncertain
and could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.      We are party to certain agreements, including with
Rockefeller and Trellis, pursuant to which we have acquired licenses to certain patents and patent applications and other intellectual property related to a series of compounds, including CF-301 and CF-404, to develop and commercialize therapeutics.
Under our agreements with Rockefeller and Trellis, we have obligations to achieve diligence minimums and to make payments upon achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. We will also make additional payments upon the achievement
of future sales milestones and for royalties on future net sales.    The timing of milestone payments under our licenses and sponsored
research agreements is subject to factors relating to the clinical and regulatory development and commercialization of products, many of which are beyond our control. We may become obligated to make a milestone payment when we do not have the cash
on hand to make such payment, which could require us to delay our clinical trials, curtail our operations, scale back our commercialization and marketing efforts or seek funds to meet these obligations on terms unfavorable to us.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be
limited.      Under Section 382 and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ),
if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss
carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. As a result of our past transactions, we may have experienced an  ownership change.  At this time, we have not completed a study to assess
whether an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code has occurred, or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since our formation, due to the costs and complexities associated with such a study. We may also experience ownership
changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. Thus, our ability to utilize carryforwards of our net operating losses and other tax attributes to reduce future tax liabilities may be substantially restricted. Further,
U.S. tax laws limit the time during which these carryforwards may be applied against future taxes. Therefore, we may not be able to take full advantage of these carryforwards for federal or state tax purposes. As of September 30, 2016, we had
federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $91.6 million and $96.1 million, respectively, and federal research and development credits of approximately $1.5 million, the use of which could be limited or eliminated by virtue
of one or more  ownership changes.      Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Commercialization of Our Product
Candidates       We are heavily dependent on the success of our leading product candidates, CF-301 and CF-404. The approval process of the FDA and
comparable foreign regulatory authorities is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate our business will be substantially
harmed.      Our near-term business prospects are substantially dependent on our ability to develop and commercialize CF-301 and
CF-404. We cannot market or sell CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate in the United States without FDA approval, but this approval, if ever issued, is at least several years away. To commercialize CF-301, CF-404 or any other product
candidate outside of the United States, we will need applicable foreign regulatory approvals. The clinical development of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate is susceptible to the inherent risks of any drug development program, including a
failure to achieve efficacy across a broad population of patients, the potential occurrence of severe adverse events and the risks that the FDA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority will determine that a drug product is not approvable.  
 The process required to obtain approval for commercialization from the FDA and similar foreign authorities is unpredictable, and typically
takes many years even after the commencement of clinical trials, depending on numerous factors. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to obtain regulatory approval may change during the course
of a product s clinical development. We may fail to obtain regulatory approval for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate for many reasons, including the following:  

we may not be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate is safe and effective for any indication;

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of clinical or statistical significance required for approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities;    

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials;        

we may not be able to demonstrate that CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks;    

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval;    

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;    

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may identify deficiencies in data generated at our clinical trial sites;        

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may identify deficiencies in the clinical practices of the third-party contract research organizations ( CROs ) we use for clinical trials; and

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we or our collaborators enter into agreements for
clinical and commercial supplies.    
      27  

Table of Contents  

  This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results
may prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval to market CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate, which would significantly harm our business.  
   If clinical trials of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the
FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and
commercialization of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate.      Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory
authorities for the sale of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate, we must complete preclinical development and conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is
expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials
may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses,
and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products.  
 We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive
marketing approval or commercialize our product candidates, including:      

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, or significant adverse side effects, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or
abandon product development programs;        

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or participants may drop out of these
clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate;        

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;    

regulators or institutional review boards ( IRBs ) may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site;    

we may have delays in reaching or fail to reach agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites;    

we may voluntarily suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;    

regulators or IRBs may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being
exposed to unacceptable health risks;        

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate;        

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; and    

our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators, regulators or IRBs to suspend or terminate the trials.    
 If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop
beyond those that we contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety
concerns, we may:      

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval or sales revenues for our product candidates;        

not obtain marketing approval at all;        

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired;        

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings, including boxed warnings;    

be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or        

have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval.    
      28  

Table of Contents  

  Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing
approvals. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the
exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and may impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of
operations.      We may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials due to adverse side effects or other safety risks that could preclude
approval of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidates.      Our clinical trials may be suspended at any time for a number of
reasons. For example, it is possible that exposure to CF-301 could result in adverse clinical events such as localized inflammation in the region surrounding blood vessels, or having a hypersensitivity reaction, such as serum sickness or
anaphylaxis. A clinical trial may be prevented from commencing or may be suspended or terminated by us, our collaborators, IRBs, the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to the risks of or occurrence of such adverse events, an unacceptable safety
risk to participants, a failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, presentation of unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the
investigational drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, or negative or equivocal findings of the data safety monitoring board or IRBs for a clinical trial. We may
voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that they present an unacceptable risk to participants. If we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any product candidates that we develop,
the commercial prospects of such product candidates will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues, if at all, from any of these product candidates will be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our
business.      Delays in clinical trials are common and have many causes, and any such delays could result in increased costs to us and jeopardize,
delay or prevent our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commence product sales as currently contemplated.      We may
experience delays in clinical trials of our product candidates. Our planned clinical trials might not begin on time, might need to be redesigned, might not enroll a sufficient number of patients or might not be completed on schedule, if at all.
Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including the following:      

imposition of a clinical hold by the FDA or other regulatory authorities;        

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites;        

delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial;        

delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;        

clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment;        

adverse side effects in patient populations;        

time required to add new sites;        

delays resulting from negative or equivocal findings of the data safety monitoring board for a trial;        

delays in completing preclinical studies; or        

delays in developing adequate processes for manufacture of, or formulations for, sufficient supplies of clinical trial materials.    
 Patient enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the
patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and clinicians  and patients  perceptions as to the potential advantages
of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. Any of these delays in completing our clinical trials could increase our costs, slow down our
product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues.      We are significantly dependent
on our license agreements with Rockefeller that relate to CF-301.      Under our various license agreements with Rockefeller, we are
obligated to use our diligent efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products, including CF-301. Rockefeller may terminate the agreement in the event of our breach of the terms of the license agreements. In the event of such termination,
Rockefeller has the right to retain its license and other rights under the agreement, subject to continuing royalties and other obligations. Our breach of the agreement, including non-payment of any milestone payment, and Rockefeller s
subsequent termination of the agreement, could result in the loss of our rights to develop and commercialize CF-301, which would seriously harm our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    We rely on CROs to conduct our preclinical studies and will rely on CROs to conduct our clinical trials. If
these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be delayed in obtaining, or may ultimately not be able to obtain, regulatory approval for commercialization of CF-301, CF-404 or any other
product candidates.      We have relied and will continue to rely on CROs for the execution of our preclinical studies and to recruit
patients and monitor and manage data for our clinical programs for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate. We control only certain aspects of our CROs  activities, but we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted
in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards. Our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of these regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA s regulations and
current good clinical practices ( GCPs ), which is an international guideline meant to protect the rights and health of clinical trial subjects. The FDA enforces its regulations and GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors,
principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials
before approving our product candidates. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCPs. In addition, to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of CF-301, CF-404 or any other
product candidate to a statistically significant degree, our clinical trials will require an adequately large number of test subjects. Any clinical trial that a CRO conducts abroad on our behalf is subject to similar regulation. Accordingly, if our
CROs fail to comply with these regulations or recruit a sufficient number of patients, we may have to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.  
 In addition, our CROs are not our employees and we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our
non-clinical, preclinical or clinical programs. Our CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies or other drug development activities, which could
impede their ability to devote appropriate time to our clinical programs. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the
clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for or successfully commercialize CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we seek to develop. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we seek to
develop would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed or ended.      We have no experience as a
company in bringing a drug to regulatory approval.      As a company, we have never obtained regulatory approval for, or
commercialized, a drug or biologic. It is possible that the FDA may refuse to accept any or all of our planned BLAs for substantive review or may conclude after review of our data that our application is insufficient to obtain regulatory approval of
CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate. If the FDA does not accept or approve any or all of our planned BLAs, it may require that we conduct additional preclinical, clinical or manufacturing validation studies, which may be costly, and submit
that data before it will reconsider our applications. Depending on the extent of these or any other FDA required studies, approval of any BLA or application that we submit may be significantly delayed, possibly for several years, or may require us
to expend more resources than we have available. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, regulatory approvals would prevent us from meeting our timelines for commercializing CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate, generating
revenues and achieving and sustaining profitability.      Even if the FDA approves CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate, adverse effects
discovered after approval could adversely affect our markets.      If we obtain regulatory approval for CF-301, CF-404 or any other
product candidate that we develop, and we or others later discover that our products cause adverse effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including:  

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product;        

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications or imposition of a risk management strategy;    

we may be required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical studies or restrict the distribution of the product;    

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients and our liability insurance may not adequately cover those claims; and        

our reputation may suffer.      Any of these events could prevent us from maintaining market
acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially increase the costs of, or prevent altogether, the commercialization of our product candidates.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    There are underlying risks associated with the manufacture of our product candidates, which could include
cost overruns, new impurities, difficulties in process or formulation development, scaling up or reproducing manufacturing processes and lack of timely availability of raw materials.    
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to build the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture CF-301, CF-404 or any other
product candidates.    We employ the services of Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies UK LTD ( Fujifilm UK ) to supply the active
pharmaceutical ingredient for CF-301 and Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies U.S.A., Inc, to supply the active pharmaceutical ingredient for CF-404. We have not yet manufactured supplies for late phase human clinical trials, scaled up the process for
manufacture of such supplies, validated the processes, or contractually secured our commercial supplies.    We employ the services of
Emergent BioSolutions to produce CF-301 in its final vialed drug product form. We do not have contracts for the commercial supply of CF-301 drug product.  
 We intend to pursue agreements with third-party manufacturers regarding commercial supply at an appropriate future time. We intend to locate
second fill finish third-party manufacturers to supply other world regions such as the European Union or Asia.    Late stage process
development activities, including manufacturing process scale up and validation of the bulk drug substance, pose inherent risks that may be greater for biological products than for small molecules. The process will undergo scale up from the current
clinical process and then be repeated under protocol successfully three times for validation.    In addition, regulatory requirements could
pose barriers to the manufacture of our active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished drug product for our product candidates. Our third-party manufacturers are required to comply with current good manufacturing practices ( cGMPs ). As a
result, the manufacturing facilities and processes used by Fujifilm UK and any of our future manufacturers must pass inspection by the FDA as part of our BLA review and before approval of the applicable product candidate. Similar regulations apply
to manufacturers of our products for use or sale in foreign countries. If our manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA and any applicable foreign
regulatory authority, we will not be able to secure the applicable approval for our product candidates. If these facilities are not deemed compliant with cGMPs for the commercial manufacture of our product candidates, we may need to find alternative
manufacturing facilities, which would result in significant delays of up to several years in obtaining approval. In addition, our manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and
foreign agencies for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements.    If Fujifilm UK or any alternate supplier of active
pharmaceutical ingredient or finished drug product for our product candidates experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes, does not comply with the terms of its agreement with us or does not devote sufficient
time, energy and care to providing our manufacturing needs, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of our product candidates, which could impair our ability to supply our product candidates at the levels required for our
clinical trials and commercialization and prevent or delay its successful development and commercialization.      Developments by competitors, many of
which have greater financial and other resources than we do, may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive.    
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive. We compete directly and indirectly with other pharmaceutical
companies, biotechnology companies and academic and research organizations in developing therapies to treat diseases. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with
large, established companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established
sales forces. We compete with companies that have products on the market or in development for the same indications as our product candidates. We may also compete with organizations that are developing similar technology platforms. Competitors may
develop more effective, more affordable or more convenient products or may achieve earlier patent protection or commercialization of their products. These competing products may render our product candidates obsolete or limit our ability to generate
revenue from our product candidates. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the
commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, drug products that are more effective or less
costly than CF-301, CF-404 and our other product candidates.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    The level of commercial success of CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidates that we develop will
depend upon attaining significant market acceptance of these products among physicians and payors.      Even if CF-301, CF-404 or any
other product candidates that we develop is approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, physicians may not prescribe the approved product. Market acceptance of CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidate that we
develop by physicians, patients and payors will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:      

the indications for which the product is approved;        

acceptance by physicians and payors of each product as a safe and effective treatment;        

the availability, efficacy and cost of competitive drugs;        

the effectiveness of our or any third-party partner s sales force and marketing efforts;        

the extent to which the product is approved for inclusion on formularies of hospitals and managed care organizations;        

whether the product is designated under physician treatment guidelines as a first-line therapy or as a second- or third-line therapy for particular infections;    

the availability of adequate reimbursement by third parties, such as insurance companies and other health care payors, and/or by government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid;    

limitations or warnings contained in a product s FDA-approved labeling; and        

prevalence and severity of adverse side effects.      Even if the medical community accepts that
our product candidates are safe and efficacious for their approved indications, physicians may not immediately be receptive to the use or may be slow to adopt our product candidates as accepted treatments for their approved indications. While we
believe our product candidates may demonstrate significant advantages in clinical studies, we cannot assure you that labeling approved by the FDA will permit us to promote these advantages. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community
and third-party payors on the benefits of any product candidates that we develop may require significant resources and may never be successful.  
   Coverage and reimbursement may not be available for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidates that we develop, which could make it difficult for us
to sell our products profitably.      Market acceptance and sales of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop
will depend on coverage and reimbursement policies and may be affected by health care reform measures. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will
pay for and establish reimbursement levels. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop. Also, we cannot be sure that the amount of reimbursement available, if any, will
not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we develop.  
 In both the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the
health care system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. In the United States, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, also called the Medicare Modernization Act ( MMA ),
changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by those covered by Medicare under a new Part D and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales
prices for Medicare Part B physician-administered drugs. In addition, this legislation authorized Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies whereby they can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. As
a result of this legislation and the expansion of federal coverage of drug products, we expect that there will be additional pressure to contain and reduce costs. These cost reduction initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could
decrease the coverage and price that we receive for any approved products and could seriously harm our business. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policies and
payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and therefore any reduction in Medicare reimbursement may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors.  
    In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as
amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the  Affordable Care Act ), became law in the United States. The goal of the Affordable Care Act is to reduce the cost of health care and substantially change the
way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program
to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, required manufacturers to participate in a discount program for certain outpatient drugs under Medicare
Part D and promoted programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research, which will impact existing government healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs. An expansion in the
government s role in the United States healthcare industry may further lower rates of reimbursement for pharmaceutical products.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the
Affordable Care Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted
deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of
Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2025 unless additional Congressional action is taken. On
January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, or the ATRA, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers.  
 While we cannot predict the impact these new laws will have in general or on our business specifically, they may result in downward pressure
on pharmaceutical reimbursement, which could negatively affect market acceptance of CF-301 or any future products.    We expect to
experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidate that we develop, due to the trend toward managed health care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional
legislative proposals. If we fail to successfully secure and maintain coverage and reimbursement for our products or are significantly delayed in doing so, we will have difficulty achieving market acceptance of our products and our business will be
harmed.      Even if we obtain FDA approval of CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate, we may never obtain approval or commercialize our products
outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential.      In order to market CF-301,
CF-404 or any other products outside of the United States, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation
and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approvals could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials which would be costly and time
consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to obtain regulatory
approval in the United States or any foreign country may delay or have negative effects on the process for regulatory approval in other countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in the United States or any foreign country
and we do not have experience as a company in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets.      We currently have no marketing and sales
organization and have no experience in marketing drug products. If we are unable to establish our own marketing and sales capabilities, or enter into agreements with third parties, to market and sell our products after they are approved, we may not
be able to generate revenues.      We do not have the capabilities to market, sell and distribute any of our drug products. In order
to commercialize any products, we must develop these capabilities on our own or make arrangements with third parties for the marketing, sales and distribution of our products. The establishment and development of our own sales force would be
expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch, and we cannot be certain that we would be able to successfully develop this capability. As a result, we may seek one or more third parties to handle some or all of the sales, marketing
or distribution for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate in the United States or elsewhere. However, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with third parties to sell CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate on favorable terms
or at all. In the event we are unable to develop our own marketing and sales force or collaborate with a third-party marketing and sales organization, we would not be able to commercialize CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate that we
develop, which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. Further, whether we commercialize products on our own or rely on a third party to do so, our ability to generate revenue will be dependent on the effectiveness of the
sales force. In addition, to the extent we rely on third parties to commercialize our approved products, we may likely receive less revenues or profits than if we commercialized these products ourselves.  
   We may form or seek strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances.    
 We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties that
we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to CF-301, CF-404 and any future product candidate that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other
charges, increase our near-and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the
negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative  
      33  

Table of Contents  

arrangements for CF-301, CF-404 and any future product candidate because it may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view
CF-301, CF-404 and any future product candidate as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Any delays in entering into new strategic partnership agreements could delay the development and commercialization of CF-301,
CF-404 and any other product candidate that we develop, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
  Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters   
   If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be
delayed in commercializing, CF-301, CF-404 and any future product candidate, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired.    
 CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidate that we develop and the activities associated with their development and commercialization,
including their design, testing, manufacture, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, importation and exportation are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the
United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received approval to market any product from
regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish
the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority.
CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidate that we develop may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing
approval or prevent or limit commercial use.    The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is
expensive, may take many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during
the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and
comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other
studies. If we experience delays in obtaining approvals or if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates that we develop, our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired.  
   Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we will still face extensive regulatory requirements and our products may face future
development and regulatory difficulties.      Even if we obtain regulatory approval in the United States, the FDA may still impose
significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of the approved product, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance. The holder of an approved BLA is obligated to monitor and
report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the BLA. The holder of an approved BLA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product
labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws.  
 In addition, drug product manufacturers and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections
by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMPs and adherence to commitments made in the BLA. If we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or
frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions relative to that product or the manufacturing facility, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market
or suspension of manufacturing.    If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our product candidates, the
manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include
submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration requirements and continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.  
 If we or our partners fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of any of our future product candidates, a
regulatory agency may:      

issue a warning or untitled letter asserting that we are in violation of the law;    
      34  

Table of Contents  

seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines;        

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval;        

suspend any ongoing clinical trials;        

refuse to approve a pending BLA or supplements to a BLA submitted by us;        

seize product; or        

refuse to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts.      Any
government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to
commercialize our future products and generate revenues.      If foreign approval for CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate is obtained, there
are inherent risks in conducting business in international markets.      Commercialization of our product candidates in international
markets is an element of our long-term strategy. If approved for commercialization in a foreign country, we intend to enter into agreements with third parties to market CF-301, CF-404 or any other product candidate whenever it may be approved and
wherever we have the right to market it. Consequently, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including:  

potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;        

the potential for so-called parallel importing, which is what happens when a local seller, faced with high or higher local prices, opts to import goods from a foreign market (with low or lower prices) rather than buying
them locally;        

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;        

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets;        

compliance with laws for employees working and traveling abroad;        

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes;        

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues;        

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States;        

production shortages resulting from any events affecting active pharmaceutical ingredient and/or finished drug product supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad;    

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires; and    

failure to comply with the rules and regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable anti-bribery rules and regulations in other jurisdictions.
     These and other risks may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue from international markets
and therefore materially adversely affect our business.      Product liability lawsuits against us could divert our resources, cause us to incur
substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of any products that we may develop.      We face an inherent risk of product
liability exposure related to the testing of CF-301, CF-404 and any other product candidate that we develop in human clinical trials and we will face higher degrees of this risk if we commercially sell any products that we develop. If we cannot
successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:  

distraction of our management or other internal resources from pursuing our business strategies;        

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop;        

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention;        

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;        

significant costs to defend the related litigation;        

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;    
      35  

Table of Contents  

loss of revenue; and        

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop.      We maintain product
liability insurance coverage in relation to our clinical trials. Such coverage may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a
reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise.      If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business.    
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the
handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may
also produce hazardous waste products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes, we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury
resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure
to comply with such laws and regulations.    Although we maintain workers  compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we
may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims.
   In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.  
   Our product candidates may face competition sooner than anticipated.    
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Affordable Care Act, signed into law on March 23, 2010, includes a subtitle called the
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an
application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA
until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing
product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented
by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material
adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products.    We believe that any of our product candidates approved as
a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our product
candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been
the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not
yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing.      Our relationships with customers and
third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits
and future earnings.      Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and
prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may
constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations
include the following:      

the federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully
soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which
    
      36  

Table of Contents  

payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or
specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; in addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for
purposes of the False Claims Act;         

the federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the
federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;    

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme
to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;    

the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation;    

the federal transparency requirements under the Affordable Care Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the
Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to physician payments and other transfers of value and ownership and investment interests held by
physicians and their immediate family members and payments or other transfers of value made to such physician owners; and        

analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental
third-party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other health care providers or marketing expenditures.    
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve
substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and
regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion
from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in
compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.  
   The adverse outcome of litigation or arbitration proceedings commenced by or against us could materially harm our business.    
 The adverse outcome of any litigation or arbitration proceedings commenced by or against us could have a material adverse effect on our
business and impede the achievement of our development and commercialization objectives.    In the ordinary course of our operations, claims
involving our actions, actions of third parties or agreements to which we are a party may be brought by and against us. The claims and charges can involve actual damages, as well as contractually agreed upon liquidated sums. These claims, if not
resolved through negotiation, are often subject to lengthy and expensive litigation or arbitration proceedings.     Risks Related to
Employee Matters and Managing Growth       Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and changes in
management may negatively affect our business.      We are dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific teams.
Our success and the execution of our growth strategy depend largely on the continued service of these employees. Although we have formal employment agreements with our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent them from terminating their
employment with us at any time. The loss of the services of any of these persons could be disruptive to our operations, impede our ability to raise additional funding or delay the achievement of our development and commercialization objectives.
Additionally, we cannot be certain that changes in management will not lead to additional management departures or changes, affect our ability to hire or retain key personnel, or otherwise negatively affect our business. We do not maintain  key
person  insurance for any of our executives or other employees.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, and sales and marketing personnel is
critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain these personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also compete for the hiring of scientific
and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our development and commercialization strategy. Our
consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us.  
   We expect to expand our development, regulatory and sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in
managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations.      We expect to experience growth in the number of our employees and the
scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of drug discovery, drug development, regulatory affairs and commercialization. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and
financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the various levels of experience of our management team in managing a company with significant
anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management
and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations.  
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property   
   If we or our licensors are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our owned or licensed technology and products, or if the scope of the
patent protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be adversely affected.
     Our success depends in large part on our and our licensors  ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United
States and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products or technology or products that may have been licensed to us. Similar to our licensors, we seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in
the United States and abroad related to our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business. This process is expensive and time-consuming, and we or our licensors may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or
desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of either our or their research and development output before it is too late to obtain
patent protection. Moreover, if we license technology or product candidates from third parties in the future, these license agreements may not permit us to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the
patents, covering this intellectual property. These agreements could also give our licensors the right to enforce the licensed patents without our involvement, or to decide not to enforce the patents without our consent. Therefore, in these
circumstances, we could not be certain that these patents and applications would be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business.  
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain and has in recent years been the subject of
much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights and any patent rights we may license from a third party are highly uncertain. Our or our licensors  pending and future patent
applications may not result in issued patents that protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or
interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our or our licensors  patents or narrow the scope of such patent protection.  
 The laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, European patent law
restricts the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than United States law does. Assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, historically, in the United States, the first to make the claimed invention was
entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. The United States currently uses a first-inventor-to-file system in which, assuming the other requirements for patentability
are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other
jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications, or that we
were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Moreover, we may be subject to a third party preissuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination,
litigation, inter partes review or interference proceedings, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging our  
      38  

Table of Contents  

patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third
parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or
strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates.  
 Even if our or our licensors  patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful
protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a
non-infringing manner.    The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our
owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held
unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to prevent others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. Given the
amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized and such patents may not be able to
claim the benefits of any patent term extension laws or regulations. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours.  
   We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and
unsuccessful, and which could result in our patents or other intellectual property rights becoming invalidated.      Competitors may
infringe our or our licensors  patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To stop infringement or unauthorized use, we or our licensors may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming.
Any claims we or our licensors assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that some or all of our patents or other intellectual property rights are not valid or that we or our
licensors infringe their patents or other intellectual property rights. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the
patent s claims narrowly, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that such patents do not cover the technology in question and therefore cannot be infringed. Similarly, if we assert trademark
infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement claims has superior rights to the marks in question. In
this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such marks. In any infringement litigation, any award of monetary damages may be unlikely or very difficult to obtain, and any such award we may receive may not be commercially valuable.
Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that we could incur substantial litigation costs or that some of our confidential information could be
compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.      Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we or our licensors are
infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.    
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market, or sell our or our licensors  product candidates and use
our proprietary technologies without infringing the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become
party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including reexamination or interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing or future intellectual property rights.    If we or our
licensors are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we or our licensors could be enjoined from further using certain products and technology or may be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue
developing and marketing such products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our
competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble
damages and attorneys  fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property rights of a third party. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease
some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we or our employees have misappropriated their
intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property.      Many of our employees were
previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we use customary non-disclosure agreements and try to ensure that our employees do not use the
proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such
employee s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims.    In addition, while we typically require our
employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops
intellectual property that we regard as our own, or such agreements may be inadequately drafted at times thereby not ensuring assignment to us of all potential intellectual property rights. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in
addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.      Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and could distract our personnel from their normal
responsibilities.      Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims
may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim
proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our
operating losses and reduce the resources available for development, sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct or defend such litigation or proceedings. Some of our
competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.    In addition to seeking patents for some of
our technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into
non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. However, we
cannot guarantee that we have executed these agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets, nor can we guarantee that such agreements will always be adequately drafted so as to be enforceable. If we are unable to
protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed.    Enforcing a claim that a party
illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, because of potential differences in laws in different jurisdictions, some courts inside and outside the
United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it,
from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed.  
   We have not yet registered our trademarks in all of our potential markets, and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our
business.      Our future trademark applications may not be allowed for registration, and our registered trademarks may not be
maintained or enforced. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other applicable foreign intellectual property offices. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to
those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections, or have to expend additional resources to secure registrations, such as commencing cancellation proceedings against third-party trademark registrations to remove them as obstacles to
our trademark applications. In addition, in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel
registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in
enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would.    In addition, we have not yet proposed a proprietary name for our product
candidates in any jurisdiction. Any proprietary name we propose to use with our product candidates in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have  
      40  

Table of Contents  

registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product
names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable proprietary product name that would qualify under applicable trademark
laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA.     Risks Related to Our Securities   
   The price of our common stock and Class A Warrants may be volatile and you could lose all or part of your investment.    
 There has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity and derivative securities, which is unrelated to the
financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. In addition, equity markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the securities of biotechnology and also newly public
companies for a number of reasons, including reasons that may be unrelated to the business or operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.  
 Prior to our initial public offering, there was no public market for our common stock and Class A Warrants to purchase one share of
common stock at an exercise price of $4.80 per share (the  Class A Warrants ). The trading price of our securities is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are
beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, these factors include:  

our ability to implement our preclinical, clinical and other development or operational plans;        

adverse regulatory decisions;        

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings;        

new laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, applicable to our business;        

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or annual or quarterly results of operations;        

our cash position;        

public reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC;        

changes in investor and financial analyst perceptions of the risks and condition of our business;        

changes in, or our failure to meet, performance expectations of investors or financial analysts (including, without limitation, with respect to the status of development of our lead product candidates);

changes in market valuations of biotechnology companies;        

changes in key personnel;        

increased competition;        

sales of common stock by us or members of our management team;        

trading volume of our common stock and Class A Warrants;        

issuances of debt or equity securities;        

the granting or exercise of employee stock options or other equity awards;        

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;        

ineffectiveness of our internal controls;        

actions by institutional or other large shareholders;        

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation;        

general political, market and economic conditions; and        

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.      In addition, the stock market
in general, and the NASDAQ Capital Market and biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad
market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock and Class A Warrants, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against
companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm
our business, operating results or financial condition.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

    We are required to meet the NASDAQ Capital Market s continued listing requirements and other NASDAQ
rules, or we may risk delisting. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common stock and the Class A Warrants, which could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a future financing or for you to sell our common stock or
the Class A Warrants.      We are required to meet the continued listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market and other
NASDAQ rules, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders  equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. In particular, we are required to
maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common stock of $1.00 per share. If we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock and the Class A Warrants could be delisted. Delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market would
cause us to pursue eligibility for trading of these securities on other markets or exchanges, or on the  pink sheets.  In such case, our stockholders  ability to trade, or obtain quotations of the market value of our common stock and
the Class A Warrants would be severely limited because of lower trading volumes and transaction delays. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices of these securities. There can be no assurance
that our securities, if delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market in the future, would be listed on a national securities exchange, a national quotation service, the over-the-counter markets or the pink sheets. Delisting from the NASDAQ Capital
Market, or even the issuance of a notice of potential delisting, would also result in negative publicity, make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital, adversely affect the market liquidity of our securities, decrease securities
analysts  coverage of us or diminish investor, supplier and employee confidence.      We may issue additional shares of common stock, warrants or
other securities to finance our growth.      We may finance the development of our product pipeline or generate additional working
capital through additional equity financing. Therefore, subject to the rules of the NASDAQ, we may issue additional shares of our common stock, warrants and other equity securities of equal or senior rank, with or without shareholder approval, in a
number of circumstances from time to time. The issuance by us of shares of our common stock, warrants or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects:  

the proportionate ownership interest in us held by our existing shareholders will decrease;        

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of common stock may be diminished; and        

the market price of our common stock or the Class A Warrants may decline.      In addition,
if we issue shares of our common stock and/or warrants in a future offering (or, in the case of our common stock, the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock), it could be dilutive to our security holders.  
   Future sales of our common stock or warrants may cause the market price of our securities to decline.    
 Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock or warrants in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur,
could adversely affect the price of our securities and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We have approximately 41.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. As of November 7, 2016,
approximately 39.4 million shares of our outstanding common stock are freely tradable, or may become freely tradable, without restriction, in the public market unless held by our  affiliates,  as defined under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). Additionally, we have Class A Warrants to purchase 6.9 million shares of common stock , warrants to purchase 2.4 million shares of common stock ( PIPE
Warrants ) and warrants to purchase 14.0 million shares of our common stock ( CMPO Warrants , and together with the Class A Warrants and the PIPE Warrants, the  Warrants ) outstanding as of November 7, 2016.
All shares of common stock underlying the Warrants will be freely tradable upon exercise unless held by our affiliates.    We have
registered 3,358,270 shares of our common stock as of September 30, 2016 that we may issue under our employee benefit plans. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, unless pursuant to their terms these stock awards
have transfer restrictions attached to them. Additionally, pursuant to the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), our management is authorized to grant stock options and other equity linked award to our employees, directors and
consultants. The number of shares available for future grant under our 2014 Plan will automatically increase on January 1st each year, from January 1, 2015 through January 1, 2024, by an amount equal to four percent of all shares of
our capital stock outstanding as of December 31st of the preceding calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of such increase in any given year. Unless our board of directors elects not to
increase the number of shares underlying our 2014 Plan each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to decline.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

    Our executive officers and directors hold a significant concentration of our common stock, which could
limit the ability of our other stockholders to influence the direction of our Company.      As calculated by the SEC rules of
beneficial ownership, the current executive officers and directors of our Company own 8.9% of our outstanding common stock as of November 7, 2016. Accordingly, they collectively have the ability to significantly influence or determine the
election of all of our directors or the outcome of most corporate actions requiring stockholder approval such as: (i) a merger or a sale of our Company, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets and (iii) amendments to our
certificate of incorporation or bylaws. This concentration of voting power and control could have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing an action that might otherwise be beneficial to our other stockholders and be disadvantageous
to our stockholders with interests different from those individuals. These individuals also have significant control over our business as officers and directors of our Company. There is a risk that they may exercise this ability in a manner that
advances their best interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders.      If shares of our common stock or the Class A Warrants
become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade them.      The SEC has adopted regulations which
generally define a  penny stock  to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions, including an exemption for any securities
listed on a national securities exchange. The rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers for transactions involving  penny stock , with some exceptions. If shares of our common stock or the Class A Warrants
were delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market and determined to be  penny stock , broker-dealers may find it more difficult to trade such securities and investors may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of such securities on the
secondary market.      Our warrants are a risky investment. You may be unable to exercise your warrants for a profit.    
 The value of our warrants depends on the value of our common stock, which depends on factors related and unrelated to the success of our
clinical development program and cannot be predicted at this time.    If the price of shares of our common stock does not increase to an
amount sufficiently above the exercise price of the applicable warrant during the exercise period of such warrant, you may be unable to recover any of your investment in such warrant. There can be no assurance that any of the factors that could
impact the trading price of our common stock will result in the trading price increasing to an amount that will exceed the exercise price or the price required for you to achieve a positive return on your investment in our warrants.  
   Holders of our warrants have no rights as common stockholders until they acquire our common stock.    
 Until holders of our warrants acquire shares of our common stock upon exercise of the applicable warrants, such holders have no rights with
respect to our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, including the right to receive dividend payments, vote or respond to tender offers. Upon exercise of a holder s warrants, such holder will be entitled to exercise the rights of
a common stockholder only as to matters for which the record date occurs after the exercise date.      Although we are required to use our best efforts
to maintain an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the Class A Warrants at the time that holders of our Class A Warrants exercise their Class A Warrants, we cannot guarantee
that a registration statement will be effective, in which case holders of our Class A Warrants may not be able to receive freely tradable shares of our common stock upon exercise of the Class A Warrants.    
 Holders of our Class A Warrants are able to exercise the Class A Warrants and receive freely tradable shares only if (i) a
current registration statement under the Securities Act relating to the shares of our common stock underlying the Class A Warrants is then effective, or an exemption from such registration is available, and (ii) such shares of our common
stock are qualified for sale or exempt from qualification under the applicable securities laws of the states in which the various holders of Class A Warrants reside. Although we have undertaken, and therefore have a contractual obligation, to
use our best efforts to maintain a current registration statement covering the shares of common stock underlying the Class A Warrants, we may not be able to do so. If we are not able to do so, holders may not be able to exercise their
Class A Warrants and receive freely tradable shares of our common stock but rather may only be able to receive restricted shares upon exercise. In addition, we have agreed to use our best efforts to register the shares of our common stock
underlying the Class A Warrants under the blue sky laws of the states of residence of the existing holders of the Class A Warrants, to the extent an exemption is not available. The value of the Class A Warrants may be greatly reduced
if a registration statement covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Class A Warrants is not kept current or if the securities are not qualified, or exempt from qualification, in the states in which the holders of
Class A Warrants reside.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

    There can be no assurance that we will ever provide liquidity to our investors through a sale of our
company   .          While acquisitions of pharmaceutical companies like ours are not uncommon, potential investors are
cautioned that no assurances can be given that any form of merger, combination, or sale of our company will take place, or that any merger, combination, or sale, even if consummated, would provide liquidity or a profit for our investors. You should
not invest in our company with the expectation that we will be able to sell the business in order to provide liquidity or a profit for our investors.  
   We incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management is required to devote substantial time to complying
with public company regulations.      We completed an initial public offering on August 1, 2014. As a public company, we incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with our public company reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We must also follow the rules,
regulations and requirements subsequently adopted by the SEC and the NASDAQ and any failure by us to comply with such rules and requirements could negatively affect investor confidence in us and cause the market price of our common stock or
Class A Warrants to decline. Our executive officers and other personnel will also need to devote substantial time and financial resources to comply with these rules, regulations and requirements.  
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to
make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to
respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers.  
   If we do not develop and implement all required accounting practices and policies, we may be unable to provide the financial information required of a
U.S. publicly traded company in a timely and reliable manner.      Prior to the IPO, we did not adopt all of the financial reporting
and disclosure procedures and controls required of a U.S. publicly traded company because we were a privately held company. The implementation of all required accounting practices and policies and the hiring of additional financial staff have
increased our operating costs and requires significant time and resources from our management and employees. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls and procedures and disclosure procedures and controls, we may be unable to provide
financial information and required SEC reports that a U.S. publicly traded company is required to provide in a timely and reliable fashion. Any such delays or deficiencies could penalize us, including by limiting our ability to obtain financing,
either in the public capital markets or from private sources and hurt our reputation and could thereby impede our ability to implement our strategy.  
   Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that exceed our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading
volume of our common stock or Class A Warrants.      The projections of securities research analysts may vary widely and may not
accurately predict the results we actually achieve. The price of our common stock or Class A Warrants may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the
analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common stock or Class A Warrants could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or
fails to publish reports on us regularly, the price or trading volume of our common stock or Class A Warrants could decline.      If securities or
industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, the prices of our securities and trading volume could decline.    
 The trading market for our securities depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or
our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading prices for our securities may be negatively impacted.  
   We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our public offerings and private placement and may not use them effectively.    
            Our management has broad discretion
in the application of the net proceeds from our public offerings and private placement and could spend the proceeds in ways that do not enhance the value of our common stock. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our
use of the net proceeds from our completed offerings, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could delay the development of our product candidates
or have a material adverse effect on our business. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from the offerings in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. If we do not apply or invest the net proceeds from the offerings in
ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause the price of our securities to decline.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    We are an  emerging growth company,  and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to
emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors.      We are an  emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and may remain an emerging growth company for up to five years. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include:      

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting;    

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements;        

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and        

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.    
 We have taken advantage of certain reduced reporting burdens. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive if
we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock or the Class A Warrants, and the prices for our securities may be more volatile.  
   We have no present intention to pay cash dividends and, even if we change that policy, we may be restricted from paying cash dividends on our common
stock.      We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We currently expect to retain all future earnings, if
any, for use in the development, operation and expansion of our business. Any determination to pay cash dividends in the future will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, plans for expansion, tax considerations, available net
profits and reserves, limitations under law, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors considers to be relevant.  
   Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more
difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.      Provisions in our corporate
charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These
provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities, thereby depressing the market prices of our securities. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the
members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among
other things, these provisions:      

allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors;        

limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board of directors;        

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors;    

require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent;    

limit who may call stockholder meetings;        

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a shareholder rights plan, or so-called  poison pill,  that would work to dilute the
stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and        

require the approval of the holders of at least 75% of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter or bylaws.    
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding
voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not Applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS     
      46  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
 
      47  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

ContraFect Corporation   

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Steven C. Gilman   

Steven C. Gilman  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael Messinger   

Michael Messinger  

Senior Vice President, Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   
 
      48  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d281461dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
   SEPARATION AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT    
 This Separation and Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is entered into by and between ContraFect Corporation (the
 Company ) and Dr. Michael G. Wittekind, a resident of the state of Washington ( Wittekind ), on October 3, 2016 ( Execution Date ) and shall become effective on the Effective Date (as defined below). All
exhibits hereto are hereby incorporated herein by this reference.    1.  Resignation from Employment . Effective as of October 1,
2016 (the  Resignation Date ), Wittekind has resigned from his employment with the Company, and thereby terminated and ceased his service in any position or office with the Company as of the Resignation Date, other than as expressly set
forth herein. For the avoidance of doubt, Wittekind s last day of employment with the Company shall be the Resignation Date. Wittekind acknowledges and agrees that Wittekind s resignation from employment with the Company is a voluntary
resignation by Wittekind other than for Good Reason or a termination for Cause (as such terms are defined in that certain employment agreement between the Company and Wittekind dated March 6, 2012, as amended November 12, 2015 (the
 Employment Agreement )) and that Wittekind is not entitled per the terms of such agreement, as amended, or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company, to any severance payments or benefits in connection with such resignation of
employment.    2.  Pro-Rata Bonus . Subject to Wittekind s execution and non-revocation of this Agreement, the Company shall
provide Wittekind with three-fourths (3/4) of his total target annual incentive bonus for 2016 ( Bonus ) through the Resignation Date, to be paid in 2017, on the same date that the officers of the Company receive their 2016 bonus. The
total target annual incentive bonus shall equal 35% of Wittekind s annual base salary for 2016, subject to performance against mutually agreed-upon goals (70% corporate and 30% individual). For purposes of determining the incentive bonus, the
Company agrees to the full 30% individual amount. However, the corporate percentage is based on corporate goals and will be determined by the Company in 2017.  
 3.  Payment of Earned but Unpaid Salary and Paid Time Off . With respect to the period following the Resignation Date, Wittekind shall no
longer be entitled to any compensation or benefits from the Company, including under the Employment Agreement, except as expressly set forth herein. The Company shall pay Wittekind any earned but unpaid base salary, subject to all applicable
withholding and deductions, in a lump sum on the first payroll date that immediately follows the Resignation Date.    4.  Consulting
Services . The Company shall engage and Wittekind agrees, for the period from the Resignation Date to December 31, 2018 (the  Consulting Period ), to provide the services to the Company specified in Appendix 1 (the
 Services ). Wittekind represents and warrants to the Company that the Services performed by him hereunder will be of professional quality, consistent with generally accepted industry standards for work of a similar nature. Wittekind shall
comply with all applicable laws in performing the Services. The Services shall be of an advisory nature and the Company shall not have any obligation to follow Wittekind s advice or recommendations. Wittekind agrees to provide such Services as
reasonably requested by the Company during the Consulting Period at such times and at such locations as may be reasonably requested by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and agreed to by Wittekind, whose consent will not be unreasonably
withheld.  
      1  

5.  Consulting Fees . Wittekind shall be paid by the Company for the performance of the
Services as set forth in Appendix 1. The Company will only reimburse reasonable expenses incurred in performing the Services that are pre-approved by the Company in writing. Wittekind shall provide the Company with all documentation in support of
such expenses as the Company may reasonably require. Payments due to Wittekind for the Services will be made within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the invoice.  
 6.  Vesting of Shares and Exercise of Options . Wittekind beneficially owns a certain number of shares of the Company s common stock
and has been granted certain options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to certain plans of the Company as more fully described in Appendix 2, attached herein (collectively, the  Equity Awards ). The Equity
Awards were acquired during Wittekind s tenure as an employee of the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties, including but not limited to the Amended and Restated 2008 Equity
Incentive Plan of the Company, as amended, and the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (collectively, the  Equity Plans ), the Equity Awards will continue to vest in accordance with and subject to their respective vesting schedules set
forth in the respective plan, as a result of Wittekind s continued service with the Company, in his capacity as a consultant. Vesting will cease upon the expiration of the Consulting Period and such Consulting Period shall not be shortened,
regardless of whether Wittekind actually provides any Services during the Consulting Period. The period for exercising each option shall be that which is specified in the respective option grant or agreement.  
 7.  No Employment Relationship . During the Consulting Period, Wittekind will not be an employee of the Company, but will have the
relationship of an independent contractor to the Company. As an independent contractor, Wittekind shall have no authority to represent, act on behalf of or bind the Company. Wittekind shall have reasonable discretion as to the method of the
performance of the Services. As an independent contractor after the Resignation Date and subject to the provisions of Section 11, Wittekind may engage in other activities outside of the Services performed hereunder, unless they would materially
impair or interfere with Wittekind s ability to perform the Services as provided in this Agreement. The parties agree that all income recognized by Wittekind in respect of compensation paid for the Services shall be self-employment income
reportable on the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Form 1099. Wittekind shall have the sole responsibility and obligation to report such self-employment income on Wittekind s tax returns and to pay all such taxes as are required by law, and
the Company shall have no responsibility or obligation to withhold income or payroll taxes under the United States Federal Insurance Contributions Act or under state unemployment, disability or other laws or to pay employer payroll taxes thereon
under such laws or to withhold special or general funds, assessments, or taxes generally collected by employers for the use and benefit of employees.  
 8.  ContraFect Benefits . Following the Resignation Date and except as otherwise required under applicable law, including but not limited
to any benefits available under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, Wittekind shall not be entitled to participate in or receive any  
      2  

benefits or have any rights as an employee of the Company under any employee pension or welfare benefit plan, or any fringe benefit plan, including without limitation, any qualified or
nonqualified deferred compensation plan, any bonus or compensation plan, any stock, restricted stock or stock option plan, any severance plan, any long-term or short-term disability plan, any medical, dental or insurance plan, any personnel program
or policy, or any flexible spending arrangement sponsored or maintained by the Company (each, a  Plan ), except as specifically outlined in this Agreement. In addition, even if Wittekind s status as an independent contractor is
reclassified by a Federal or state governmental entity, a court or a third party arbitrator to constitute an employee or a common law employee of the Company, Wittekind shall not be eligible to participate in or receive any benefits or have any
rights as an employee of the Company under any Plan, unless and until the Company consents to such eligibility in writing or as required by applicable law. Wittekind will not be covered by any Company liability insurance policies during the
Consulting Period.    9.  Confidentiality . Wittekind acknowledges that, during the Consulting Period he may have, and during his
employment with the Company he has had, access to Confidential Information and materials not generally known outside the Company. For the purposes of this Agreement,  Confidential Information  shall mean all confidential and proprietary
information and materials (whether conceived or developed by Wittekind or others) of the Company, and Company marketing and other business plans, customers and customer information, data strategies, research, reports, copyrights and patents related
to the Company. During the Consulting Period and thereafter, Wittekind shall not, without the prior consent of the Company, communicate or divulge any Confidential Information or materials to anyone other than the Company and its partners or
affiliates and those designated by the Company, unless required by law. Wittekind acknowledges that Confidential Information is and shall remain the property of the Company. The confidentiality obligations hereunder shall not apply to Company
information that would be Confidential Information but which: (i) is, or later becomes, public knowledge other than by breach of this Agreement; (ii) is in the possession of Wittekind with the full right to disclose prior to his receipt of
such Confidential Information from the Company, as evidenced by written records; or (iii) is independently received by Wittekind from a third party with no restrictions on disclosure. Furthermore, Wittekind agrees not to use, without the
Company s approval, Confidential Information for any purposes other than to perform duties for the Company under this Agreement. Wittekind also hereby reaffirms his obligations under the Company s standard confidentiality agreement,
executed by Wittekind effective as of March 12, 2012 (the  Confidentiality Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, Wittekind s education, general approach to management, and problem solving (i.e., trade skills) are not included
in the definition of  Confidential Information .    10.  Ownership of Copyrights, Patents, and Intellectual Property .
Wittekind agrees that any work prepared for the Company during his employment therewith and during the Consulting Period which is eligible for copyright and patent protection under the laws of the United States or any other country, and any
proprietary know how developed by Wittekind while rendering services for the Company in any capacity, will vest in the Company. Wittekind hereby grants, transfers, and assigns all rights, titles, interests, copyrights and patents in such work, and
all renewals and extensions thereof, to the Company, and agrees to provide all assistance reasonably requested by the Company in the establishment, preservation and enforcement of the Company s copyrights and patents in such work. Such
assistance will be provided at the Company s expense,  
      3  

but without any additional compensation to Wittekind if during the Consulting Period, and for reasonable compensation (including, without limitation, a per diem fee no less than the ratable base
salary amount as was in effect prior to the Resignation Date) and subject to Wittekind s reasonable availability if after the Consulting Period. If the Company cannot, after reasonable effort, secure Wittekind s signature on any documents
needed to apply for or to prosecute any patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to an invention, whether because of his physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason, Wittekind hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the
Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as his agent and attorney-in-fact for the limited purpose to act for and on his behalf and in his name and stead for the purpose of executing and filing any such application or applications and
taking all other lawfully permitted actions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyrights, or similar protections thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by him. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the
foregoing provisions shall not apply to any work product for which no equipment, supplies, facility or Confidential Information of the Company were used and which was developed entirely on Wittekind s own time, unless (1) such work product
relates directly to the business of the Company or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; or (2) the work product results from or directly relates to any work performed by Wittekind for the Company.
   11.  Non-Competition . Wittekind agrees that, during the Consulting Period, he will not, directly or indirectly, enter into,
organize, control, engage in, be employed by, serve as a consultant to, be an officer or director of, or have any direct or indirect investment in any business, person, partnership, association, firm, corporation, or other entity engaged in any
business activity (including, but not limited to, research, development, manufacturing, selling, leasing, licensing or providing services) which is directly competitive with the business of the Company, without the prior written consent of the
Company. For the sake of clarity, a business competitive with the Company s business is one that uses lysins for the treatment of human infections or the use of antibodies for the treatment of influenza.  
 12.  Non-Solicitation . Wittekind agrees that, for a period of fifteen (15) months after the Resignation Date, Wittekind shall not
divert, attempt to divert, take advantage of or attempt to take advantage of any actual or potential business or opportunities of the Company, which Wittekind became aware of as a result of his employment or consulting with the Company. Wittekind
further agrees that, during the Consulting Period, he will not directly or indirectly solicit or take any action to hire or assist in hiring, for his own benefit or the benefit of a related party, or any third party, any employee of the Company. For
purposes of this Section, an employee of the Company includes those persons who have been an employee of the Company during the preceding ninety (90) days prior to any purported solicitation. The foregoing restrictions shall not preclude
Wittekind or a third party with whom Wittekind associates from making general solicitations through a public medium, online website, or general or mass mailing.  
 13.  Non-Disparagement . Wittekind and the Company agree that, during the Consulting Period and for a period of five years thereafter,
Wittekind will not directly or indirectly disparage the Company and the Company will cause its officers and directors not to directly or indirectly disparage Wittekind. Nothing in this Section 13 prevents the aforementioned parties from making
truthful statements in any court proceeding or in response to any request for information from a governmental agency or pursuant to a proper subpoena.  
      4  

14.  Non-Waiver of Breach . Either party may waive any breach of this Agreement by the other
party, but no such waiver shall be deemed to have been given unless such waiver be in writing, signed by the waiving party and specifically designate the breach waived, nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver of similar or other
breaches.    15.  Non-Assignment . Neither party may assign its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
party.  T his Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective parties, and their legal representatives, successors, assigns and heirs.  
 16.  Release .    (a)
 General Release . In consideration of the payments and benefits provided to Wittekind under this Agreement, Wittekind on behalf of himself and each of his heirs, executors, administrators, representatives, agents, successors and assigns
(collectively, the  Releasors ) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, releases and forever discharges the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates and each of its or their respective current and former officers,
employees, directors, partners, members, shareholders, representatives, insurers, subsidiaries, affiliates, attorneys, predecessors, successors and agents (collectively, the  Released Parties ) from any and all claims, demands, actions,
causes of action, rights, judgments, obligations, damages, demands, accountings or liabilities of whatever kind or character, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected (collectively,  Claims ), that the Releasors have or may have
against the Released Parties that arise out of or are connected to: (i) Wittekind s service relationship with the Company up to and including the Execution Date, (ii) the Employment Agreement up to and including the Execution Date, or
(iii) any event, condition, circumstance, conduct, occurrence, omission, transaction or obligation that occurred, existed or arose on or prior to the Execution Date, including, with respect to both clauses (i) and (ii) of this
Section 16(a), without limitation: (1) any Claims under all federal, state and local statutes that employees or service providers could bring employment or service-related claims under, including, without limitation, any antidiscrimination
statute, wage and hour statute, leave statute, equal pay statute, whistleblower statute and any other federal, state, local or foreign law, rule or regulation, in each case that may legally be waived and released, and (2) any tort or contract
Claims, including, without limitation, wrongful discharge, breach of contract, defamation, slander, libel, emotional distress, tortious conduct, invasion of privacy, wrongful or retaliatory discharge, violation of public policy, implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing, negligence, fraud, personal injury or sickness or any other harm. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Wittekind does not release, discharge or waive: (A) any rights that Wittekind may have under this
Agreement, (B) Wittekind s right to file a complaint with any governmental agency, provided that Wittekind understands and agrees that he is expressly waiving any right to obtain monetary damages as provided in Section 16(b)(ii)(x)
below, (C) Claims that cannot be waived by law, (D) Claims for vested benefits under the Company s employee benefit plans, including equity compensation plans and grants thereunder to the extent vested or to be vested, (E) Claims
to indemnification, contribution, exculpation, directors and officers insurance, or other insurance (e.g., executives and officers), and (F) claims, charges, complaints, causes of action or demand that post-date the Execution Date or that are
based on factual allegations that do not arise from or relate to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 16(a).  
      5  

b.  Proceedings .  
 i.  General Agreement Relating to Proceedings . Wittekind hereby represents that as of the Execution Date he has not filed, and except as
provided in Section 16(b)(ii) hereof, Wittekind agrees not to initiate or cause to be initiated on his behalf, any complaint, charge, claim or proceeding against the Released Parties before any local, state or federal agency, court or other
body relating to matters released pursuant to Section 16.    ii.  Administrative Proceedings . Nothing in this Section 16
shall preclude Wittekind from (x) filing a charge with or participating in any administrative investigation or proceeding by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or another Fair Employment Practices agency, provided that Wittekind is
waiving his right to recover money in connection with any such charge or investigation or (y) or from communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information to, any federal, state or local government regulator or making other
disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation.  
 c.  Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Wittekind understands and acknowledges that he is waiving and releasing any rights he
may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Wittekind understands and agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that
may arise under the ADEA after the Execution Date. Wittekind understands and acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Wittekind was already entitled. Wittekind further
understands and acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that: (i) he should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (ii) he has been provided with at least twenty-one (21) days within which to
consider the terms of this Agreement; (iii) he has seven (7) days following the Execution Date to revoke this Agreement pursuant to written notice to the General Counsel of the Company (which notice must be actually received by such
individual during such 7-day period) at:    Address, email address, and facsimile of Legal Counsel:  
 ContraFect Corporation    28 Wells
Avenue, 3 rd  Floor    Yonkers, New York 10701  
 Attention: Natalie Bogdanos, Esq., General Counsel   Corporate Secretary  
 Email:  nbogdanos@contrafect.com   
 Facsimile: 914-207-2399    (iv)
this Agreement shall become effective on the eighth (8 th ) day after the Execution Date (referred to for all purposes herein as the  Effective Date ), unless Wittekind has properly
revoked this Agreement; and (v) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Wittekind from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent,
penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically  
      6  

authorized by federal law. If Wittekind revokes this Agreement in accordance with the foregoing revocation provisions, this Agreement shall be null and void in its entirety, and Wittekind will
not be entitled to receive any of the additional compensation hereunder and may continue to be subject to the terms of the Employment Agreement and any other agreements currently in effect by and between the parties in accordance with their terms.
In the event Wittekind signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, Wittekind hereby acknowledges that he has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this
Agreement, but he shall retain his rights related to the 7-day period for revocation.    17.  Severability . Provisions of this
Agreement are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.  
 18.  Entire Agreement . This Agreement (and any agreements or arrangements referenced herein) represents the sole and entire agreement
between the parties and, except as expressly stated herein, supersedes the Employment Agreement and all prior agreements, negotiations and discussions between Wittekind and the Company, with respect to the subject matters contained herein.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Confidentiality Agreement shall not be superseded by this Agreement and shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms.  
 19.  Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed as a whole in accordance with its fair meaning and in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York. The language in the Agreement shall not be construed for or against any particular party. Venue for any court action or arbitration arising under this Agreement shall lie in Westchester County, New York.  
 20.  Headings . The headings used herein are for reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.  
 21.  Disputes . The parties agree that any and all disputes, controversies or claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or
breach thereof, shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration pursuant to the employment arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. The prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable
attorney s fees and other costs incurred.    22.  Interpretation . In the event Section 11 or Section 12 shall be
determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its extending for too great a period of time or over too great a geographical area or by reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, it will be
interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable, over the maximum geographical area as to which it may be enforceable, or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all
as determined by such court in such action.    23.  Survival . Sections 9, 10, 13 and 16-27 shall survive beyond the end of the
Consulting Period.    24.  Agreement Does Not Constitute Admission . This Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by any party
hereto, or their directors, officers, employees, representatives, affiliates, and assigns, past and present, of any wrongful act, or retaliation, or breach of contract.  
      7  

25.  Miscellaneous . Payments and benefits under this Agreement are not subject to
mitigation or offset. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties  successors and heirs. This Agreement can be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute the binding agreement of the parties, and
electronic copies shall have the effect of originals.    26.  Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Wittekind understands and agrees that
he is executing this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Wittekind s claims against the Company and any of the other
Released Parties. Wittekind acknowledges that: (i) he has read this Agreement; (ii) he has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement; (iii) he has been
represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of his own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel; (iv) he understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it
contains; and (v) he is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.    [The remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank.]  
      8  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the
Execution Date.      

CONTRAFECT CORPORATION   

/s/ Michael G. Wittekind 

/s/ Steven C. Gilman  
 
  Michael G. Wittekind  

Steven C. Gilman   

Chief Executive Officer   
 
      9  

APPENDIX 1       

1. 
  Description of Services . As discussed in Section 4 of the Agreement,  Services  means the services described below:    

Provide assistance and cooperation to Company as the Company reasonably requests regarding any matter, dispute or controversy with which Company is or may become involved and of which Wittekind has or may have reason to
have relevant knowledge, information or expertise.        

Provide assistance and scientific advice regarding Company programs        
   In consideration for the performance of Services in accordance with this
Agreement, the Company shall pay to Wittekind the amount of $200.00 per whole hour of Services performed. Total fees will not exceed a total of $20,000 during any twelve (12) month period without mutual written consent of the Company and
Wittekind.      
   All payments under this Agreement shall be sent to the address below unless
otherwise directed by Wittekind and agreed to by the Company in writing:    Michael G. Wittekind  
 9515 Olympus Beach Road NE  
 Bainbridge Island, WA 98110  
 Wittekind shall send invoices for Services performed hereunder to:  
 Steve C. Gilman    Chief Executive
Officer    Company Corporation  
 28 Wells Avenue, 3 rd  Floor  
 Yonkers, New York 10701    With a
copy to accounting@contrafect.com  

APPENDIX 2   
  EQUITY AWARDS       
   Notes      

3- 
 subject to the terms of the applicable option agreement, 7,187 options shall vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, ending on December 31, 2018.    

4- 
 subject to the terms of the applicable option agreement, 5,000 options shall vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, ending on December 31, 2019.    

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d281461dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven C. Gilman,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ContraFect Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Steven C. Gilman   
 
  Steven C. Gilman   
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
  (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d281461dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Michael Messinger,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ContraFect Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Michael Messinger   
 
  Michael Messinger   
 
  Senior Vice President, Finance   
 
  (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d281461dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Steven C. Gilman, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ContraFect Corporation for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that
the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ContraFect Corporation.  

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Steven C. Gilman   

Name:  
   
  Steven C. Gilman   

Title:  
   
    President and Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal Executive Officer)    
   I, Michael Messinger, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ContraFect Corporation for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ContraFect Corporation.  

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael Messinger   

Name:  
   
  Michael Messinger   

Title:  
   
    Senior Vice President, Finance  
  (Principal Financial Officer)    
    The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of
section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of ContraFect Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made
before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cfrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cfrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cfrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cfrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cfrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cfrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

